Today I have very nice video for you! Three unbelievable sexy girls trying lesbian sex for the very first time! Hot girls Alyssa and Malena go to the library to visit Shyla. Nerdy yet awkwardly beautiful bookworm wants to study for a test, but her naughty schoolmates just want to tease and bother her. She couldn’t even think that in a few minutes, her pink pussy will get licked incredible good by two naked girls right here in the school library! The mean girls take away her books and her glasses, but they don’t really want to be bad to her, the girls actually like her, like, a lot! One of them grabs her by her necktie and pulls her towards her, smacking a big wet kiss on her lips. Her first reaction is to storm off, but as the girls engage in some hot and heavy lesbian make out, curiosity gets the best of her. After all, these are the most popular bitches in school, and they are into her, that’s gotta mean something, right? It doesn’t take long before she finds herself joining in. Soon our beautiful nerd girl is sprawled on the desk, with her legs wide open and getting her cherry licked and fingered by her new lesbian lovers. She begins caressing and kissing the other girls. In order to keep the action going Shyla suggests they go into one of the private study rooms, so they dont get caught. Once the girls get into the private room all reservations are thrown out, legs get spread and the panties fly. I can’t believe, these three naked girls are incredible hot! Stop, sorry, the girls are not completely naked – check out this sexy lingerie! I like it. Now she knows what it feels like being a dyke slut, and she is loving every single moment of it! Watch her turn into a total pussy licking lesbian in this threesome scene! The trio of naked girls have an intense private studying session. The girls all get hands on experience with each others anatomies. They examined their teen pussies with loving touches and wet tongues. Nerdy girl becomes a steamy lesbian vixen thanks to her two friends! Would you like to join the girls? Please comment!   Did you like these horny girls eating pussy? Watch this half-hour movie in full 1080p HD and more hot lesbian videos at Reality Kings. Because I can’t put the whole half-hour movie here. Get instant access to all the movies! Are you looking for a porn site with daily updates and a huge variety of HD videos from Teen Sex and Lesbians to Hardcore and Squirting? This is the voted worlds best adult network. Don’t miss the horniest girls in the world.