This is one more video for is for all lovers of naked girls. Aurie Lee is in the kitchen, just having coffee with her best friend and venting some of the issues she’s got with her loser, unemployed boyfriend. The guys is a total slacker and a leech, he can’t hold a job and much less an erection, and all of this is making Aurie wonder why she is still with him, and now she hopes her friend can give her a good enough reason to ditch the mother fucker already. Her friend is the type of girl that believes in actions more than words, and instead of giving her any advice, she just cups Aurie’s beautiful face in her soft hands, draws her towards her and gives her a deep, passionate kiss, shoving her wet tongue inside her mouth and pressing her burning hot body against hers! Aurie can’t believe what’s happening as she has her back against the kitchen sink and her sexy lesbian friends hand is under her yoga pants, rubbing her soaking wet teen pussy! She puts her against the wall, pulls them down and fingers her snatch and slapping her beautiful bare ass hard! Then both girls pulled down their pants and began to masturbate looking to each other. Both naked girls masturbate in the kitchen, it’s pretty clear that Aurie is not just in the single market again, she is gone full lesbian! Hey girls who read this blog, did you ever masturbate together with your best friends? Write your stories in the comments! And what about you guys, would you like to join these two hot naked girls and arrange group masturbation? Or will you show them something else? You know what I mean. Ok, when you see these two girls with panties pulled down masturbating their naked pussies, do you think it’s hot enough? Just look what happened next! After fingering their pussies the girls move to the couch and begin a good, thorough pussy licking in all possible positions. You simply have to follow the link above and download this whole video! I almost ready to cum in my pants watching the video and writing this, need to go and find my girlfriend… 