These two half naked girls a sexy black babe and her best friend are sunbathing by the pool when her boyfriend comes over with his camcorder in hand, getting great angles of their curvy bodies and juicy brown bubble butts! What would you do if you saw your girlfriend of nearly 5 years making out with her best friend? Our latest submitter encountered that same scenario and luckily for us, he had his camera with him when it happened. He stayed quiet for a minute as the girls made out in front of him but as soon as he made a sound, the girls got embarrassed and stopped. His girlfriend tells him to cut it off, but his sweet talking and his hands all over her boobs make her hesitate, drawing the attention of her best friend. She likes what she’s seeing and the bulge forming in his pants is making her very curious. Just for him, the girls start making out and get topless, while the girlfriend releases her man’s hard cock from underneath his shorts and gives him a steamy blowjob. Lesbian friend never tasted a white dick in her life, and she is anxious for her best friend’s boyfriend’s dick to be the first one! Two naked girls sucking your dick together, today is a good day! After tasting that dick, she gets her mocha pussy licked by the girlfriend and then bends over, so her boyfriend can fuck her sweet black ass and black pussy! Now this lesbian understands why her friend hooked up with a white guy, that dick in her ass is just out of this world, baby! What happened next was a hardcore threesome that you’ll have to see to believe. However, this awesome threesome with a couple of naked girls turned out to be a one-time thing because after it was all over, his girlfriend’s best friend stopped visiting as often. In fact, he noticed that his girlfriend started going over to her friend’s house instead. He didn’t like that very much and after a while, she started hanging out with her f cool at all, not to mention that he never got the chance to have another threesome with her again. After a while of that, he dropped her like a bad habit and moved on. We’re just glad he decided to keep this amateur video handy for when he wanted to get his revenge. 