Here is one more homemade sex video with a couple of sexy naked girls getting fucked together and one more guy who love to film his sexy girlfriend. Here is what he wrote: Having a hot threesome with my girlfriend and her sexy busty best friend! Believe it or not, my girlfriend is much kinkier and sexual than me! I guess it’s because she was raised by healthier, open-minded parents or something, or that my folks ere strict and forbidding. Anyhow, she’s got this gorgeous best friend, a sexy brunette with big tits and the girls are always teasing me, walking around the apartment half naked in their panties, shaking their asses and even making out! I sometimes film my sexy girls and later masturbate to the footage, but the other day, I finally decided to join them! The girls were giving each other hot lap dances and my dick got so hard filming them, my girlfriend’s bestie crawled up to me, pulled my pants down and started sucking my dick! My girlfriend soon joined her and told me she wanted to see me fucking her naked friend! Man, that pussy was so tight and her big tits swayed back and forth as I banged her in missionary and my girlfriend cheered us on! I finished fucking both of my naked girls and blowing my load all over their faces and titties! I always dreamed about this moment, two girls who will let me cum over their faces and see how my cum will drip out of their mouths. Are these girls sexy for you? Please comment!   GF Revenge is 100% all amateur submissions! Sexy girls that love it when their boyfriends film them getting naked, masturbating, playing with their dildos, having hot lesbian sex or sucking their BF’s hard cocks and letting them fuck their pussy and ass and fill them up with hot cum! Cheating girlfriends and bitchy exes get exposed online too, as their MySpace and FB accounts get hacked and all their naughty homemade porn is uploaded online for others to enjoy! Hey, you can even submit your own GF smut! If your girlfriend or ex-girlfriend is a cheating whore or a total bitch, don’t get mad, get even here!