I recently decided to turn my life around and joined the army; I just never imagined they would be deploying me so soon! My hot blonde girlfriend told me she had a parting gift for me that would keep her in my mind while I was away! Damn! I walked into the bedroom and she was wearing a tight tank top and matching panties in a patriotic theme but that was not the best part, she had the camera rolling so I could take this sex tape with me and use it when I got horny abroad! My hot girl teased me with her big round tits. I like her yummy bobbies so much. She got down on her knees, sucking and stroking my rock hard erection with a huge smile on her face. She has never done this before, but that day my girlfriend decided to please me with a blowjob. She took off her american flag panties and started to rub her little pussy close up to the camera. After a good blowjob, my girlfriend got wild and sticked my powerful dick in her moist pussy. My naked girl started riding my dick in reverse cowgirl, facing the mirror and checking out her own reflection while I handled the camcorder! Watching that bubble shaped butt bounce up and down my shaft was getting me so fucking turned on, I banged her in missionary and then doggy style, just waiting for the right time to spray her naked body with jizz! I banged her good and hard before orgasm overtook her! At the end I took my dick out and covered her naked body with hot sperm. I will be grateful to my girlfriend for this amazing sex tape. I will watch it in the Army.   I don’t know why the hell this dude would ever break up with a girl as sexy and fun as this cutie. May be his hot girlfriend broke his heart when he enlisted in the Army, and he went ahead and got his revenge the only way he knew how. By sending their private sex tapes to GF Revenge. Of course, his sexy girlfriend never could have expected that her boyfriend would want to get revenge on her by submitting their homemade sex video to the main revenge site. Lucky for us, that’s exactly what happened. Don’t forget to check out this full video and some of recent GFRevenge submissions, the best revenge sex tapes you will ever see!