Hey guys, have you ever received video surprises from your girlfriends like this? Does your girlfriend film erotic videos for you? Check out this hot blonde, she strips naked and plays with herself in amateur video for her boyfriend! This hot blonde over here is dating him and she wants to be part of his band, but up to now, her singing talents have done little to impress him. She decides to sweeten up the deal by filming a hot strip tease video in his studio. She’s sure that when he sees it, he’ll definitely upgrade her from groupie to superstar! She shakes her body and grinds her ass to the beats of his band as she takes off her clothes and shows off some tight ass and tits! I love this girl, she is sexy and has a great tight and firm ass and a pair of yummy boobies. The first half of this amateur video is a slow strip tease followed by all nude posing for the remainder of the video. We spend quite a bit of time just admiring her voluptuous young nude body while she dances. Her panty tease is very tempting. Several times naked girl pulls her little pink panties clear away from her pussy and then lets them snap back into position. Her panties go off and she keeps teasing the camera, letting her hands explore her naked body. Doing this in his studio is such a turn on, she just wants to spread her legs wide open and finger fuck herself in front of the camera until she cums! Near the end of this strip tease video, naked girl spreads her sexy legs up in the air showing a beautiful legs tease followed by some great pussy spreading in the most revealing of positions.   It was an awesome idea to shot strip tease video for boyfriend. I’ll hope you will like this amateur video from this sexy babe who strips naked and plays with herself in the music studio. Don’t forget to check out more homemade videos of girls stripping naked, masturbating, getting fucked and doing more incredible things on camera for their boyfriends. Check out Watch My Girlfriend, this site is filled with hot, nasty videos of naughty girlfriends!