Needless to say, this dude is a very lucky bastard! What could be more better than fuck two girls at the same time? Moreover, these two girls are so sexy! The girls didn’t mind the cam at all. Dude films a homemade video fucking his girlfriend and her best friend in a threesome! He took his camcorder with him to the park so he can film his hot blonde girlfriend and her sexy best friend while the girls work out outdoors. He is hoping this filming process will carry on to the bedroom! The girls finish working out and they drive back home, where they hit the shower. Two naked girls in a bathroom, how can miss it?! He comes in with the camera and gets a nice shot of the best friend naked and shaving her long legs in the tub. She doesn’t really look that annoyed and neither does his girlfriend, that’s a green light, bro! Naked girls get playful with each other and make out while he films them and they move to the bedroom bed for a hot lesbian duet! He gets it all on tape and strips naked, inviting both girls to suck his dick and lick his balls! It’s every guy’s dream after all! Don’t you think? After taking turns blowing him, the girlfriend spreads her legs and tells him to fuck her pussy while her friend watches them! You know that sexy bitch wants to do a lot more than just watch! She’s next, riding his big hard cock and then watching him fuck his girlfriend from behind!   There’s nothing more important in life than having a girlfriend who dosen’t mind to see you close to other girls. That’s why it’s so hard to understand why this guy would ever break up with an amazing piece of ass like this. Not only does she seem like she’s down for anything, she’s also hot as hell, But like so many GFR submissions, we may never know the real story. Well, it doesn’t matter, just watch the video and don’t forget to download GFRevenge videos by the link above. You don’t know what is this? GFR it’s the main girlfriend’s porn site on the net! Don’t miss this site, check out their trailer by the link above.