This hot cutie is a shy creature and the guy offers her to shoot some home video for her to get relaxed. The girl shows only her naked tits on camera and the guy excites her with his naked throbbing cock asking his shy girl to suck it well. His decent girlfriend seems not to be enthused with the offer. The guy stands in front of her and teases her with his cock in her face begging for a blowjob favor. Look at the scissors in her hands! Rather challenging thing for the guy and his cock, lol. After a few minutes of begging and promises not to show this hot movie to his mates his decent girlfriend finally take his cock in her mouth and starts petting it. Just look at this fat throbbing cock! How it fits her mouth? POV movie addicts, you can not miss this piece of movie! On her knees the girlfriend licks his balls and sperm gun trying to swallow it in her throat but it is too big for her. The girl turns not as shy as she may seem initially. She nudes her pussy and gives him her juicy hole for exciting back fucking. Look at this fantastic ass! It is just perfect and this spade tattoo adds charm and sex to the whore scene. The guy fucks his naked girlfriend pressing her against the couch, then lies on his back and screws her on top of his cock pushing the big thing right in her tight hole. This is the thing I like most of all in any POV video. You can imagine yourself with her as the naked girl rides your cock with her legs spread wide leaning on her hands behind. The cock does her faster and faster and then the guy turns her around and gets a perfect view of her round sexy ass. The scene turns even spicier and hotter. His shy girlfriend turns into a real slut!   Don’t forget to watch the entire FULL HD version. The guy has promised the chick not to show the movie to anybody. But fortunately he tricked her. Of course he pushed the video to his mates and one of them has made this movie public. Do not know how his shy girlfriend took this, but this does not matter. The thing that really matters is watching this full movie and browsing the stock. GF Revenge is the best world renowned site featuring amateur movies, shot not in studios with pro porn starts, but by regular folks. These POV movies show best scenes with girlfriends doing the cocks as hot as pornstars.