Two girls’ rooms in the dorm bet who will make the lewdest video. Some girls put the camera on the tripod and held a striptease show for the camera. The girls pulled their pants and panties off to their knees and started dancing to the music shaking their asses together with the music. Just have a look at these three naked girls and the way they are moving to the music. These three half naked blondes are so hot! Have you noticed that these three nude girls are standing in a line according to their breast size? One of them has got really big breasts and she is only 18. After the striptease for the camera, the girls went to the adjoining room to the guy who was doing his homework suspecting nothing. Dissolute chicks pulled his pants off and started giving him a head. They gave him their camera for him to film them sucking his dick in POV-style. What can be better than two busty naked girls sucking your dick? The guy cummed into the mouth of one of them but it was the present for two and the girl decided to share it with her best friend. The girls started kissing and playing tongues with each other exchanging sperm at the same time. They are kissing and the sperm is running on their chins. At the end hot college girls invited more guys to their room and held a group orgy. Now let’s see what the college girls from another room filmed. First, several girls are demonstrating and even licking each other’s boobs in the girls’ shower room in the dorm. Then we see how one of them is petting the naked pussy of her room-mate while the girl is lying on the bed and trying to do her homework. Also these hot college girls made up their minds to stand in a line and take off their pants on command. And they did it! After this they invited two guys into their room and fucked the shit out of them getting cum on the face at the end. In the end of the video we see all naked girls taking a shower together!   These hot college girls like to party a lot and get freaky with each other! If you liked this video, please download it from the link above. ‘Cause I can’t upload the whole film on my site – it is too big. Register at STFUcollege now and download this film and many other hot videos which were made by the college girls themselves in the dorm and in the campus. I’m sure, you have never seen anything of this kind before, these girls do amazing things for the camera. Also don’t forget to write down in your comment what were the girls getting up to when you studied at the college?