Watch this hot threesome with a couple of naked girls – hot blonde with her best friend and her boyfriend! Check out this smoking hot brunette doll and her sexy blonde friend getting fucked together! The girls are half naked in bed and engaged in girl talk while the brunette’s boyfriend hides behind the door and gets them on tape! He decided to make a home video of his sexy girlfriend and her best friend. The girls are shocked to discover him playing peeping tom on them and hide behind the sheets but their anger doesn’t last long. After all, girls just wanna have fun! Naked girls start a sexy pillow fight that leads to some hot girl on girl action, with the blonde masturbating the brunette while she snaps selfies with her smartphone. Pretty girls feel horny and would love to taste each other’s delicious bodies. The girls go straight to the action, precisely gently cunnilingus and fingering. The blonde hops unto the bed and spreads her legs, inviting her brunette friend to eat her out while the boyfriend teases the brunette’s wet muff from behind. After a steamy 69 the girls are ready to fuck and the brunette gets to go first, getting banged by her boyfriend in missionary position while the blonde sits on her face so she can get her pussy licked and sucked by her best friend. Then he flips them over and goes balls deep into their pussies from behind. It was wild as hell as he hit two sexy naked girls with his big cock. The bed was rocking and creaking so hard, all the neighbors must’ve heard! What could be more wonderful than to fuck two girls at once? Girls fuck each other with their tongues and fingers, suck pussy to each other and his cock at the same time, and finally two hot naked girls lie side by side and get his hot cum onto their nude bodies.   DON’T FORGET TO WATCH this full video on GF Revenge! These two girls are hot as HELL! They do incredible things on camera. I’m sure, you have never seen anything of this kind before. On GFRevenge you will also find many other amateur sex videos that were filmed and uploaded by real girls or their boyfriends! GF Revenge is the best world renowned site featuring amateur movies! All their videos are shot not in a studio with pro pornstarts, but by regular couples. Check out these hot girls and you will see, they fuck as hot as pornstars or even much better!