Hey, girls, would you agree to have sex if a stranger from the street offered you a good sum of money? Probably, every girl thought about it and every girl has her own price she would do it for. This guy met a beautiful girl in the tube, he liked her and he simply decided to buy her! This stunning beauty didn’t agree at once to show off her tits for 100 Euro. But this guy can persuade girls. He offered her showing off her tits in front of his camera for 400 Euro when they left the tube. It was good money and so she agreed. They came to his place where she undressed for him. He won’t stop on this, that’s for sure, and she probably knows it. He gave her even dirtier but at the same time more tempting offer. He would give her 800 Euro more if she had sex with him right now. She agreed without thinking too much. The girl is sitting down on the edge of the bed, unzipping his pants and taking his dick into her mouth. Girls, have you ever thought about giving a head to a complete stranger? This girl didn’t confuse, she is sucking his fat dick and then is putting her panties off and turning his back to him. Just have a look at this gorgeous nude ass! He starts fucking her without forgetting to film everything with his camera. He is fucking her in doggy style and then lays her on her back and keeps on fucking her sweet pussy putting the naked girl in front of him with her legs wide open. He pussy and boobs look just perfect from this angle! Looking at this girl, I thing that she would agree to have sex even for free, if she knew how well this guy can satisfy women.   Watch more amateur girls get picked up and fucked on PublicPickUps! There is an ultimate collection of the girls who agreed to have sex for money on the site. If you can’t pick up girls, this guy will show you how to behave having some money even if she says “NO” at first. He is sure that every girl can be bought for money and this is the nature of every woman. He meets amateur girls in the streets, offers them money and fucks them in public places or in his house filming everything on the camera specially for that site. Their shyness slowly disappears after he offers them cash to get dirty. Don’t miss his site if you are a lover of casual sex or sex in public places.