Malena invites her best friend Jessica to spend weekend together. Jessica experiences some troubles in relations with her boyfriend as they are constantly arguing and Malena decides to help Jecssica’s relaxation and show her a good time. The hot girls enjoy a talk on the balcony and suddenly Jessica feels as Malena goes from talking to hugging and kissing her and unbuttoning her t-shirt in the process. Standing behind sexy Jessica hot Malena holds her huge juicy tits and starts caressing and petting them playing with the nipples. Soon after the tit play Malena’s hand slides into the pants of Jessica and finds there a hot wet pussy of her dear sexy friend. Jessica has never had any experience of “being” with a girl thus she does not resists this hot caressing and the feeling broken out between them. On the balcony Malena kisses and pets juicy hot tits of her friend and plays with her wet pussy. The girls seem not to care about strangers that may see them. Sexy hot lesbian Malena understands that this girl is trapped in her charm and she fast takes off her pants and starts violently rub her pussy. Jessica is so hot and fucking excited that she could not think of anything else but proceeding to the room and enjoy this lesbian fucking experiment. Lying on the bed hot lesbians are kissing each other on the lips, hot boobs getting down with each kiss to the wettest pussies. Malena decides to perform her pussy licking skills to her naughty sexy friend and prove her that girls can be far better at pussy licking than guys. The lesbian starts tender working the pussy of Jessica with her tongue but then her moves turn harder and in a moment the babe passionately sucks and vigorously rubs the pussy with her tongue. Just take a look at these two hot naked girls, two hot lesbians! Naked girls exchange their positions and now it is high time for Jessica to lick the pussy of her hot lesbian friend.   Add more volume when you will watch this scene. I adore the sound of the girl drinking from the hot juicy pussy. The hot girl literally drinks juice from the pussy of her friend and Malena presses her head close to her vagina with her hands. The hot lesbians experience the hottest orgasms again and again fucking each other in all possible poses. If you adore watching as naked girls having exciting lesbian sex, experimenting with each other having sex for the first time then WeLiveTogether is a porn site which you just must visit! Hundreds of hot lesbian movies produced in Full HD are waiting for you there!