Dude fucks two naked girls, his sexy girlfriend and her hot step mother. Just look at these girls! Jessica has invited her boyfriend to spend a night at her place as her strict severe father left for weekends and her step mom would not be disturb them anyhow! The hot couple of youngster spent a night in bed together. In the morning cute naked girl woke up and had to leave on some business and Jake found himself alone in bed. The guy went to a kitchen to find something to eat and to quench the thirst after the night hotness when suddenly he discovered there the sexy hot step mom scantily clad in some lingerie. The guy felt embarrassed, but stayed in the kitchen. But the real spice started right after the breakfast as the hot mom asked the guy: “Do you think you satisfy my Jessica in bed? I can give you some sex practice right now”. The guy hardly came to his senses as he was undressed and sucked hard. The woman swallowed his dick as deep as she was only able of! After the blowjob the hot milf offered the guy to follow her to the bedroom. She laid on her back and asked the guy to take her cute panties off. Naked woman was going to give him a hot lesson of pussy licking. Hardly being conscious of what he was doing the guy started to lick her juicy snatch and the mom directed the moves of his tongue as if imitating a real tongue fucking. It was a real pussy eating lesson. How do you think what happened next? His teen girlfriend broke in the room and found her step mom fully naked with her legs spread and her naked boyfriend between them with his tongue deep in mom’s cunt! What the fuck he was doing?! However the step mom explained that it was just a lesson of pussy licking to teach Jake to do her better in bed! This was high time for real sex fun to start. The fuckers put Jessica on the bed, took her pants off and her boyfriend got down to performing of his new skills he had just acquired! He licked her pussy as the step mom taught him. Then naked girls got down to learning new sex poses. The guy had never experienced such hotness and even had not seen it before in porn movies! He fucked both naked girls in various poses inserting his cock as deep in their juicy holes as he only wished! At the sex end the mom put her daughter on the floor and taught her on how the young cute bitch would end the sex intercourse! The secret was to get all the hot fucking jizz on her face! Hot sexy woman educates her step daughter and her boyfriend on best techniques of hardcore sex. What would her dad say on seeing his girls, his cute daughter being fucked hard and his wife being deep plugged by a bold youngster? Don’t forget to download the whole movie as I am unable to upload the whole video in original HD quality here. Join RealityKings and download even more sexciting films in which expert women teaching cute girls how to properly fuck and get fucked! On joining the site you will also get an access to other 37 websites of the porn network. Daily updates, thousands of different sex themes films in HD quality. This site is a good thing to add to your sex leisure! 