A guy comes to his girlfriend on his car. But when he finds her in her sexy sport pants which tightly embrace her booty he decides on putting apart the business, you know what I mean. His girlfriend looks just amazing as her sexy body, cute face and long dark hair just drive the guy mad. He offers the girl to hold back for about 20 minutes and indulge in something intimate and hot despite strangers may see them. Besides, the guy has a camera by himself and he promises his girl that it will be a video for their only private pleasure and that he does not have any intention to upload the video to the internet. Tough the girl resists the action at its start and denies the idea totally, but her smile reveals her hottest passion to get down to action as soon as possible. A small shed near a parking lot is a perfect place for the action. The girl shows the guy her boobs on camera and then gets down on her knees and asks him of his needs and wants of the blowjob: How Bad Do You Want It? – This is a stupid question, babe! They set themselves right near the car. The babe sucks his cock and the guy shoots the action on camera. Just look how hard the girl does it! She sucks his cock, kisses it and licks his balls and the guy inspires his sexy girlfriend with hot compliments. Then they enter the shed where his sexy GF takes off her green shorts and white panties. For a while the hot guy just shoots his naked girl on camera as her ass deserves the highest praise! He can’t wait anymore and comes closer to the babe inserting his pulsing throbbing cock into her hot wet pussy from behind! Her excellent tiny bouncy round booty and sweet pussy are destined to be fucked hard. I can watch again and again as this naked girl rides this huge fat cock up and down. This babe will drive mad any guy on earth! The guy fucks her hard and wild pressing her against the ladder. Then the guy fucks his sexy naked girlfriend in doggy style right on the floor of the garage until his small babe experiences a hot orgasm. After that the guy downloads her face with plenty of hot jizz from his cock.   Don’t miss an opportunity to download the full video from the official website. I am not able to upload the full length (half an hour) movie in original HD quality here. That is why you must watch this video on GFRevenge. This site is designed for those porn fans who are bored of pro porn models and planned and directed sex. Do you love amateur video shot by ordinary people: couples, guys or even girls on their own? The video shot in most ordinary but still unexpected places as cars, home place, parks and natural areas? The videos shot with amateur camera? Then this website is a must visit one for you! There you will find gigs of the movies of that kind and will get a chance to upload a video of your own. CHECK OUT BEST REVENGE SEX TAPES YOU WILL EVER SEE!