Looking at these hot sexy girls you can think of them as of army soldiers, but actually this is just a usual students’ dorm room. These naughty girls crave to be admitted to the sisterhood and are good for anything and ready to survive through any humiliations and disgrace from their sisters to be selected for admission. The girls are ready to constant checks deep in the night, they are ready to get naked and do anything they will be ordered. The poor girls are even ready for pussy licking and hardcore fucking of each other to enjoy their sisters. At the same time the cruel sisters do not forget to shoot the hot fucking student madness on camera. This time the sisters check the girls’ room for tidiness and after that they decide to check the pussy licking skills of the small bitches and as well shoot the action on camera. The first humiliating task for the girls is exercise bike riding. While one of the naked girls is put on the exercise machine and made to develop a high speed, another naked girl is ordered to stick her nose between smelly sweaty butts of her roommate and smell her hole! After the first humiliation naked students get down to the room cleaning. How do you find these huge boobs of one of the babes? I love them! After room tiding nude girls are put on their fours facing ass holes of each other and are made to move around the room meanwhile other girls are watching and enjoying the action and shooting the hot humiliating scene on camera. However the sisters are not enough of humiliation in the scene! The horny naked girls are put on the bed and are made to touch each other on the most intimate places. As the action unfolds the naked girls start fucking each other deep inserting various fucking tools in the wet hot holes of each other. The most interesting scene of the entire student fucking madness is a double ended dildo fuck of two naughty hot girls. They fuck each other pussies with the sex toy and then use it simultaneously standing on their fours with their asses turned to each other. They move their butts to fuck each other until experiencing the hottest orgasms. The HAZE is over for today for these students. This site is named Haze Her. Watch more videos, shot by hot girls themselves in the student residence on their official website. HazeHer presents innumerable movies for those craving for dormitory fucking scenes featuring not one or two but a group of naked girls. The girls are disposed to the hardest sexual abuse and disgrace, get group fucked, run naked through the halls of the dormitory and across the campus area. The website has many hot fucking treats for you! 