This guy likes to watch his girlfriend undressing in front of him. More of that, he is filming everything for the camera of his mobile phone and she seems to be not against of some little home strip tease video. If you like sexy blondes with beautiful asses and yummy titties, you will like this video as well. She is easily one of the most beautiful girls on the site with a stunning face and an immaculate undercarriage. Standing in front of her boyfriend she shows off her sexy body beautifully with many revealing poses. Her strip tease involves quite a bit of booty shaking with her pink panties still on. Approaching the camera, she is pulling her panties higher giving us the perfect view of her ass. She stands with her ass to your face and does some fantastic booty teasing while tugging her shorts up her ass crack making her ass cheeks bounce really nicely. After that she is lifting her jersey a bit and starts touching her breasts squeezing her nipples with her fingers. Turning her back to us, she is pulling her panties down and we can admire her wonderful naked pussy. She is bending and opening her ass cheeks with her both hands demonstrating all her pretty places for the camera. So now, being totally naked, she is demonstrating her beautiful naked body stroking her breasts gently and her bald pussy with her hands. Her bald tiny pussy looks marvellous! So tender and so nice. For how long will the guy be able to control himself making this video of his naked girl? There is no hardcore fucking in this video, but if you like admiring beautiful woman’s body, it is just for you. Does your girlfriend let you to film her naked?   It was an awesome idea to shot amateur strip tease video of her sexy girlfriend and then upload it on WatchMyGF. I’ll hope you will like their homemade video. Don’t forget to watch more strip tease videos on WatchMyGF. These horny teenage girls do incredible things for the camera. They pose totally naked, masturbate, fuck with their boyfriends, try lesbian sex and then post their amateur videos to the site. Watch My Girlfriend is filled with hot, nasty videos of naughty girls!