Here is one more amateur video, that was filmed by usual coeds in their dorm. Their poor parents are spending thousands of dollars on their education in this prestigious college, when all these girls are doing is making sex orgies every day and fucking all day long with their handsome neighbors. These hot coeds don’t want to think about anything except sucking dicks and getting fucked. In this video girls as usual throw a party in their room and invite a couple of big cocked guys. Half naked girls tease them with a hot strip tease, dancing, shaking asses, taking of their panties and somersaulting naked on the floor. There is even a little booty contest on the floor. One of the girls does not forget to tape it, trying to catch interesting views of her naked roommates. They all get pretty excited. When girls have felt erections in the pants, they have undressed in front of the guys without the slightest hesitation and have asked guys to fuck all of them together. Naked girls can’t wait to feel these hot cocks filling their dripping wet pussies. Watch hot coeds getting fucked in turn in all different positions, doggystyle, one above the other like a sandwich, on the floor, on the sofa. One of the coeds watches and masturbates. Best party ever! You girls are sooo fun! In the end the guys cum at their happy faces in turn. One of the guys cums at blonde’s tits and his friend cums in the mouth of her roommate. Later we see two hot coeds licking balls to one guy and he cums again in their faces. One of the girls takes his dick and smacks him the face of her girlfriend. After that sex orgy the girls go to a shower, to wash away sperm form their faces. Girl which was the operator was so excited that began to masturbate right in the shower in front of her roommate!   Bro, you will ask me, is it end of their dorm video? Definitely not! Don’t forget to watch the whole video with these dirty coeds, which they have made in their room at STFU College. Also don’t forget to say thanks one of the girls, who upload this video. If you like amateur videos, this site right is for you! This is a real college porn site, devoted to hot coeds and bringing you their very best exclusive videos! Girls getting down and dirty in front of the camera, making group sex orgies with guys next door, enjoying lesbian group sex, running naked around the campus. Check out these wild dorm sex parties!