Here is one more dorm sex video with a couple of naked girls! Fucking a couple of hot college coeds at the dorm party! As you know college is a time for sexual experimentation. Yes, I confess to being a virgin when I entered college, but thanks to the naughty college coeds that live down the hall in the dorm, that’s ancient history! Just the other day they hosted a party and it usually starts with dancing and shit, but after a couple of hours, everybody starts taking off their clothes and fucking like crazy! These two girls, a hot blonde and her friend guided me to one of the beds and while the blonde sucked my dick and licked on my shaved balls, the friend sat between us and watched. She spread her legs so I could rub her naked pussy while I got head from the blonde, who at the same time was getting her tight bubble ass spanked hard by another coed! Some naked girl shoved her pussy up my face and I ate her out before turning back to the blonde and fucking her as hard as I could! I fucked her in every possible position I could come up with while she licked her friend’s pussy, you know how fucking hot it is to bang two naked girls together. It’s so hot to bang a chick while she’s giving you a hot lesbian show to watch while you’re doing her, right? Then these girls lay back on the bed with their knees up and with their heads hovering over the edge of the bed and opened their mouths for sucking. Guys that were around were looking at us, laughing, clapping and videotaping. At the end I cummed onto belly of one of the girls and her friend began to lick out my jizz! Just look after that they began kissing!!!   These two hot coeds began to get naked and jumped on top of one of the guys to get the threesome going! I hope you will like this amateur video. Don’t forget to check out some of DareDorm recent updates! See the hottest real college girls having wild sex parties in their dorm rooms by the link above! Witness the hottest, sexiest dorm sex parties, romps and orgies, with amateur girls stripping naked, licking pussies and getting fucked by their roommates!