One more amateur girlfriend sex video for today that worth to see!!! Jade was getting ready for a party with her boyfriend, Jack, when he flew open the bathroom door wielding a camera and catching her by surprise! He writes: My sexy girlfriend was getting ready for a party just the other day and she looked so hot I couldn’t resist grabbing my video camera and filming her as she dolled up in the bathroom. I had a hard time keeping my hands off her fine ass and her naked titties and the boner underneath my pants were threatening to rip a hole in the fabric. She tried to keep me out but I used my powers of persuasion to change the whole situation from a peeping tom pervert issue to an all out bathroom sex session! So my girlfriend decided to give me a helping hand, dropping down on her knees and sucking on my meaty sausage while I filmed her! She just loves sucking my cock and licking my balls and afterwards she stripped naked, sat on the bathroom counter and spread her long legs wide open so I could drill her tight pussy. My personal favorite place among all weird places for sex, it’s the bathroom, and it seems I’m not alone. I fucked her hard and groped her titties while she moved her beauty accessories apart to give us more room for banging, bending over so I could fuck her from behind, her favorite position! She enjoyed watching herself naked in the mirror while I filled her up with cock meat and couldn’t wait for me to spunk all over her! My girlfriend loved it and even had an orgasm on camera, as she sucked my dick. It was hot! All you real sex lovers out there are going to love this amateur homemade sex video! Watch the full video here:   Her boyfriend promised he would not show their sex tape in the bathroom and she believed him. I guess his girl didn’t think about the repercussions of them eventually breaking up and him using this private sex tape to exact his revenge…! Of course, this babe never could have expected that she would break up with her boyfriend and that he would want to get revenge on her by submitting her naked pics and their bathroom sex video to GF Revenge. DOWNLOAD MORE revenge sex tapes you will ever see! Full length copy of this sex video was submitted to GF Revenge where it can be found easily. Don’t forget to check out the whole collection of revenge sex videos, follow the link.