This video is something special! If you are into lesbian porn, this is an amazing video for you!!! These college lesbians do incredible things, they fingering, dildoing, licking, sucking pussy bringing each other to very intense orgasms! As you know college is a hotbed of lesbian experimentation for most girls. Do you want to really know how usual girls become real lesbians? Well here you have it. It’s hard not to become a lesbian when you should to participate in lesbian orgies almost every day! These pledges should to do everything what their lesbian Sisters order them to do. Lick pussy? Suck clit? Fuck each other with a huge strap-on dildo? Ok! There’s a bunch of naked girls craving to show their worth. I never imagined that being part of the sorority would be so much fun! Sure, hazing was a bitch, but now that I’m a full pledged sister, I get to make the new pledges do whatever I want! I took these two sexy girls to the bathroom, stripped down to my white tank top and sat on the tub with my legs spread wide open and ordered them to scrub my twat! Their hands rubbing my muff and their fingers exploring my slit felt so fucking good! One of the naked girls was practically finger fucking me while the other stimulated my clit and my pussy was so soaped up and slippery. These two naked girls were doing such a good job, I wanted to reward them for it, so I turned over and made them finger my asshole too! When they were done we headed to the dorm room, where the rest of girls waited on top of the massage table to get their hot naked bodies rubbed down and their tight pussies eaten out by the new pledges. The new girls did a really good job and I hope to have them all as sisters soon! Have you ever had lesbian experience during your highschool or college days? Write your lesbian experience stories in comments! And as I said, if you like lesbian porn, hot lesbian orgies featuring a whole group of naked girls, I’m absolutely sure you will like this HazeHer! The college lesbians eat pussy, ride dildos, and masturbate to each other. These girls take you inside the whole process of becoming a sister and you won’t believe all the wild, crazy and kinky lesbian’s shit these girls will do just to be accepted by the sisterhood! 