Check out this college orgy with five amateur girls! Five smoking hot college coeds in a wild dorm room sex orgy! What can be better than sex orgy with amateur gils? Here’s another amateur video from some girls from their college dorm. There’s one amateur college orgy going on. Enjoy the video! Damn, it sucks when the semester is coming to an end and you have to say goodbye to all the hot, sexy coeds you met in the dorm, so my friends and I decided to throw a farewell party and invite the hottest 5 girls in the hall to party with us! The girls were eager to bid farewell to the semester with lots of hot sex! The girls lined up in front of us and stripped naked in front of the camera, showing off their titties and reminiscing on all the good times we had. Mmm, five naked girls, they are so hot! One by one, they show off their nude titties and bums on camera. Soon two naked girls got excited and started having hot lesbian sex while the rest of us watched them, kissing and masturbating each other, fucking hot! One of them spread her legs and her best friend started to fondle her pussy and her sensitive clit. Are these girls lesbians or just “close” friends? I still do not know. But they like to masturbate together and each other and the girls do not mind to do it in front of someone. The rest naked girls were hungry for dick and were all over us, stroking our hard cocks and popping them into their wet mouths. Everybody picked a chick and the fucking began! Two girls licked my rock hard cock all over with their tongues! It was amazing!!! My roommate got a hot brunette with hairy pussy and succulent tits. She rode him on the nearby bed till he cummed right in her mouth! One of the girls got my cum in her mouth too! This was a wild dorm room sex orgy, what a great way to finish off the semester, dude!   Don’t forget to watch more amateur sex videos! These amateur college girls are real sex freaks! They will surprise you! Hot coeds getting down and dirty in front of the camera, sucking dick, having hot lesbian sex, enjoying anal fucks, outrageous cumshots and wild sexual dorm parties! Don’t miss these crazy college orgies!