Check out these two gorgeous naked girls trying lesbian sex for the very first time! One of the girls says: I love spending time with my best friend, we just feel so comfortable around each other, it’s not unusual for us to end up in bed, wearing just our lingerie and talking about life, love, guys, hard cocks and sex! Sometimes, between fun and games, we end up wrestling each other and I must confess this gets me pretty wet, especially when I have her sexy body pressed up against mine! I had never thought about having sex with a girl until I met her. The more we were “friends”, the more I started thinking about her. Moreover I wanted to feel her sweet lips against mine, as her nipples touch mine. I thought Am I a Lesbian? I imagined her naked, how her naked body feels against mine. But I never had sex with my best friend until that day. Now I know that she thought about it too. That day we had fun in bed and when she was on top of me she suddenly pulled her sexy thong aside and touched my breast with her naked pussy. Seeing that I didn’t mind she continued to play with her pussy in front of me, sitting actually on my face. She spread her pussy with two fingers and some times touched my nipple with her clit! Oh, I needed to take a shower and cool off! Thing is, she decided to join me! We have showered together before, but this was different, there was this raw, erotic energy around us and after she poured liquid soap all over her naked body and asked me to scrub her, I knew I had to make my move! I lathered her up and after washing off we went to the bedroom, where she spread my legs wide open and went down on me, eating me out and making me cum over and over! After 69’ing and scissoring each other in bed we knew our friendship reached a totally new and kinky level! I have had sex with another girl. There is nothing like this in the whole world! The pleasure of lesbian sex was so unbelievable, feeling her tongue going to places I had no idea existed, my pussy touching her pussy… It was the most sensual experience. Don’t forget to download the whole movie with these naked girls! 