What is the best place for sex experimentation, especially when it comes to same-sex experimentation for girls? Of course this is a college! College is a right place where girls explore their sexuality, test boundaries, and have their first lesbian relationship and try sex orgies with a lots of guys. This weeks college submission winners come from Florida, these four roommates are strapped for cash so the girls decided to film their own lesbian video to get cash from a porn site. One of the college girls submits and says: My three roommates and I all wanted to go to the concert but we had no money for the tickets so I came up with an idea to get us some fast cash and they loved it: filming our very own lesbian video to get cash from a porn site! I mean, it’s not like we haven’t munched on each other’s pussy before, right? We set up the camera and got comfy, I chose a sexy pink hoodie and unzipped it far down enough to show off the sexy cleavage of my big all naturals and I honestly couldn’t wait for my roomies to suck on my nipples in front of the camera! I was already soaking wet! I stripped naked and got down on all fours in bed, showing off my ass, my puckered asshole and wet slit while the rest of the girls joined me. We quickly got fully naked on the bed and spread our legs wide open, showing off our four really nicely young pussies. We got into it pretty quick and we were all over each other, sucking pussy, licking ass, groping tits and making out like wild dyke pornstars! We even took the action to the showers after we were done in the bedroom! After that lesbian orgy in the dorm room I realized that I was a lesbian. Why is it so bad anyway?   These hot coeds wanted to make sure they get their money so they went all out in sending STFUCollege some of the hottest girl on girl action I’ve seen to date! STFU College takes you behind the scenes, to the wildest and raunchiest dorm room fuck fests that take place in college campuses all over the country! These naughty coeds are not studying, they are stripping naked, sucking dick and getting fucked hard! Watch them having kinky lesbian sex, masturbating, taking incredible cumshots, enjoying hard anal sex and so much more! Tons of videos and hot college amateur girls to watch and new stuff added all the time! This is as wild as real college sex can get! Don’t miss out!