My girlfriend’s best friend stayed over the other night and when I caught them cat fighting in our bed, I knew I had to get my camera and film these hotties! By the way, it was her 18’th birthday. My girl was dressed and her bestie was practically naked and covering up with the bed sheets, acting shy but I knew both girls were turned on by getting filmed! Two half naked girls started pillow fighting, and then grappling and my dick was about to make a hole through my shorts! Now she was an adult and my girlfriend decided to discover her all the charm and joy of a full sex. She decided to start with a little girl-on-girl action. She pushed her onto her back, spread her legs, pulled off her sexy panties and began to lick her tiny pussy, moving her tongue up and down, from her cute mound and down to her wet slit. Her friend held her by the hair pulling her head closer to her pussy. Two naked girls, they were unbelievable hot! I have never seen my girlfriend so excited! Suddenly friend’s hand felt for my hard dick under my shorts. It was amazing, my girlfriend offered her to try threesome with me. Why not? I whipped out my cock and two naked girls went for it, licking my shaft and sucking on my balls!!! My girlfriend started to teach her best friend how to give a blowjob. Yes girls, I didn’t mind! When my GF licked and sucked my balls, her BFF tried to deepthroat the whole length of my dick. Then my girlfriend laid flat on her back, spread her legs and told me to fuck her best friend’s tight bubble butt while she ate my girlfriend’s pussy out, man! It was so fucking hot banging that tight pussy and watching that meaty ass bounce while her tongue pleasured my girl! She begged for more and more, and I was just happy to make her cummed! At the end I filled her pussy with a good portion of hot cum and then watched as gobs of white creamy goo oozed out of her vagina down right on gf’s pussy.   Amateur girlfriends in hardcore videos! There is no doubt that watching two naked girls getting fucked hard makes this GF Revenge video is an instant classic. It’s crazy hot and after one glimpse, you’ll agree. The way this dude worked these girls was unforgettable. I give it a 5 out of 5 performance. You’ll just have to see the whole video to believe it. Enjoy! Also don’t miss the other amateur hardcore videos on this site!