Two hot pledges suck cock and get fucked in to join the sisterhood! The girls have to do some sexual tasks to get into their beloved sorority. Right now the first one, a hot blonde, is in classes and one of the sisters is filming her, her task is to spread her legs under her desk, show her naked pussy under her skirt and masturbate in class, if she gets caught, she’ll be in trouble! Check out this guy sitting next to her, he can’t believe his luck today, class got interesting! The blonde pledge tells him to pull his desk closer to hers so she can whip out his cock and jerk him off in class! I can’t believe she’s rubbing her pussy with one hand jerking his dick with the other hand right during the lesson. These girls are crazy! Once class is dismissed they stay in the now empty classroom and as he leans against the professor’s desk, she gets down on her knees and gives him head, stuffing her mouth with his throbbing cock! They strip naked and she sits on the desk, spreads her legs and lets her classmate fuck her soaking wet twat! She is screaming and moaning, willing him to get deeper, I like it! So hot!!! What would the professor have said if he would have seen this naked couple fucking in the classroom moreover right on his desk? After banging her in missionary he bends her over the desk and keeps plowing her from behind. Finally he’s ready to cum and she lets him blow his load right in her mouth!!! FUCK, a huge load of his cum leaks out from her mouth on her tits! Meanwhile, the second pledge has to strip naked in the dorm hall so all the guys and girls that pass by can see her fully naked and find a dude willing to let her suck his dick and take his load on her face! Not like that will be too hard, baby! ENJOY!   College is a real sex marathon for these girls. Who could made the better sex tape then these hot coeds? This amateur video come from one of girl’s sororities. These girls decided to film their pledges as the girls completed some hot sexual tasks. Isn’t college great? Watch this full length video in 720p and 1080p and don’t miss the other stunning amateur videos, filmed by hot college girls!