Hot new gf revenge tapes leaked! Guy films himself banging two girls on the couch, his girlfriend and her smoking hot sister too! Don’t miss this amazing amateur sex tape and these two stunning naked girls, Daisy Summers and her beautiful sister Shae Summers! I fell in love with this pretty girl when I first saw her! Her lovely tiny pussy, her cute face, her flawless figure, and above all perhaps the most spectacular natural big tits I’ve ever seen. Shae Summers, I love you! Once this naked girl pulls down her towel, and I got a look at those titties, big and juicy with perfect nipples and cute tanlines, I was hooked. This babe has some of the nicest tits! This guy is super lucky bastard, because as the episode title describes, he fucked his girlfriend and her busty sister Shae too! They had hot threesome sex. Check out this 6-minute clip and don’t forget to watch the whole a half-hour video! You can thank me later. Enjoy! This lucky guy says: When I came home early from work I heard the voice of my girlfriend in the bedroom. Who was there with her? I decided he’d fire up my camera for kicks and record what she did all day while I’ve at work. To my surprise, it was my half naked girlfriend and her fully naked busty sister. The girls stripped down in the bathroom and took sexy pics of themself in front of the mirror. I decided to watch them from the bedroom. GF’s sister exposed her big, juicy tits and my girlfriend gently stroking them with her hands! I think after a dip in the pool, she asked my girlfriend to help her out by rubbing skin lotion all over her sexy naked body! I was watching them from the distance and getting a raging hard-on as my girlfriend, in a skimpy two piece bikini, caressed her body and I could tell my girl was enjoying it! Soon naked girls caught me peeping and got slightly pissed, but after some flirting with them, the sisters decided to play along. As my gf stood behind her sexy sister and reached around to rub lotion over her big tits, my girl’s hands reached down south to stimulate her wet slit and swollen clit. Then her sister lied down on the black leather couch as my girl stripped naked and they had hot lesbian sex while I watched and filmed! After eating each other out, two naked girls remembered me and my throbbing cock! Finally! The girls gave me a double blowjob, sucking my cock and licking my balls and then let me take turns fucking them hard and blowing my load all over their pretty faces and rocking bodies! This was the best experience ever, man!   Visitors already tipped me off about Shae Summers. Her first video now finally is out and I can introduce you this stunning babe with beautiful breast! Shae Summers makes her debut in a threesome! Find more hot videos with Shae Summers and more amateur sex videos with girls having threesomes together. Ever wonder where all the homemade sex tapes, amateur porn videos and naughty xxx-rated pictures of naked girlfriends end up long after they broke up with their boyfriends? Right here at GF Revenge! Before they parted ways, these sexy sluts loves posing naked for their boyfriends and letting them film them sucking dick, getting their pussies fucked, trying threesomes with best friends, enjoying hardcore sex and having hot cum sprayed all over their faces and bodies! Now this footage found its way to the web for you to jerk off to with non-stop action, new videos and new girls added all the time!