Check out this naked couple, they film their own amateur homemade sex tape. After some begging, this guy finally got his sexy girlfriend to agree to film the sex session. She stripped naked in front of camera and lay on her back with her legs spread wide open. After bf’s cock was good and hard, she rode that cock like a true pro. Her ass was insanely hot to watch bouncing around, as naked girl worked that pussy and those hips. From there, this episode really took off, but I won’t spoil it for you. No tricks here, just treats! He says: I finally managed to convince my smoking hot blonde girlfriend to make our own homemade sex tape! She’s naked and eager to get started on bed while I finish setting up the camera. Finally set up, I lie in bed and let her straddle herself on top of my rock hard erection. My naked girlfriend guides it into her tight pussy and I can feel it sliding inside her until I’m all the way in! She rides me like a seasoned cowgirl and I can feel her hot pussy muscles wrapped so tight around my sausage. She stands and turns, rubbing her muff as she squats back towards my rod, this time riding me in reverse cowgirl. After riding me this way she leans over and gets down on all fours so I can keep fucking her from behind. This is our favorite position, I can check out her tight bubble shaped ass, grab her titties and kiss her soft neck, which drives her crazy! The temperature is going up and this sex tape is rocking as we slide into missionary fucking by the edge of the bed and finally back to cowgirl, just like we started! I can’t wait to give my babe her money shot!   This girlfriend loved the cock riding and turned around to take that dick from the back. He gave her his cock and she was in ecstasy. He may have told his girlfriend the video would never get out, but lucky for us, it did. Don’t forget to say thanks him for this homemade sex tape. This amateur homemade video was submitted to Watch My GF this week, and I was pleasantly surprised by what I found. Enjoy!