Here is one more group of hot college girls caught having sex in the college gym! These naked girls fucking with guys after a game of strip dodge ball. These hotties will turn any game into a strip game! Check out a group of college girls playing dodge ball, or even better, strip dodge ball! That’s right, in this variation of the game, every time one of the girls gets pegged by the ball, she has to remove an item of clothing, and at this point into the game, all the girls are pretty much naked, turned on and dripping wet! The girls get pegged with balls until they are all fully naked running around with their beautiful tits bouncing everywhere. Let me join this awesome game! Two hot naked girls make one of the guys strip naked too and lay flat on the gym mat and as one of them sits on his face and rubs her pussy all over his mouth, the other naked girl grabs his rock hard cock and strokes it while sucking it and licking his balls! Following suit, the rest of naked girls pick their guys and get busy on the gym mats, and the strip dodge ball game turns into a heated college gym sex orgy! The girls are sweating, bouncing on hard cocks, making out with each other, getting fucked doggie style, it’s wild, kinky, amateur college sex everywhere you look! I am happy to say, this naked dodge ball tournament and these hot girls are going into the Damplips favorites section. No doubt about it! These hot naked coeds got off real good here on the dodgeball field, and left with some nice facials at the end!   See lots of college girls naked and having sex with their guys at this awesome site! College is a best time for sexual experimentation for these hot girls. Who could made the better sex tapes then these amateur girls? STFU College takes you behind the scenes, to the wildest and raunchiest dorm room sex orgies that take place in college campuses all over the country! Do you really think these hot girls are studying? No! These hotties are stripping naked, sucking dick and getting fucked hard! Watch these girls trying lesbian sex with their roommates, masturbating in front of each other, enjoying hardcore sex with guys and so much more! Tons of amateur videos and hot girls to watch and new stuff added all the time!