Here is one more video with a couple of hot naked girls, who know how to share a man and drive him wild with their wet hungry pussies! These hot girls started having a little fun together in the bed, tearing each other’s clothes, making each other naked and pillow fighting at the same time, then the girls decided to get a some dick and the party started! I think this dude was a little shocked, but at the sight of what was going on, he had the hottest threesome on his mind first and foremost. Just look at these two girls sharing one big cock with their lips, serving for two! This lucky guy was a natural director! He was behind the camera, like a true Hitch-Cock, and started telling these hotties what to do. In no time, his erect dick was between their lips and the girls were giving amazing head, licking and sucking his shaft like two leech. He then turned naked girls around and proceeded to bang them deep one after the other. It is a thing of beauty watching these two hot girls getting worked. The guy says: Banging my hot girlfriend and her best friend! A few weeks before my girlfriend totally dumped my ass I managed to convince her into having a threesome with her best friend, a sexy blonde bitch, and I got it all on tape. The girls were super turned on grabbing my dick and sucking it together in bed. After giving me head, my girl laid back and let me fuck her pussy in missionary while her friend squatted on her face and shoved her pussy against it, so fucking hot, man! I was banging that pussy hard but couldn’t keep my eyes off my girlfriend’s pal, I wanted to bang her so bad! My girl turned over and went down on all fours so I could fuck her doggie style and kept eating her friend out as I enjoyed her tight bubble shaped ass banging against my balls. I finally got to bang the blonde but I could tell my girlfriend was really devoting more time to her than to me, maybe that’s why she left me for her, but fuck, at least I kept the tape!   Threesome with girlfriend and her best friend this is a classic of GF Revenge. Whatch more hot girlfriends caught fucking! GF Revenge is an ass kicking site where you can check out the hottest real amateur, girlfriends and ex-girlfriends doing it all for their lovers! These girls enjoy stripping naked in front of the camera, masturbating, playing with dildos, having kinky lesbian sex and threesomes with their best friends and their boyfriends and they don’t mind if this amateur homemade footage ends up on the web! See them sucking their boyfriend’s cocks, licking their balls, getting their pussy and ass fucked and enjoying the most intense cumshots and facials! New stuff added all the time, new girlfriends, videos and more!