Fucking my hot busty girlfriend in my amateur sex footage! I decided to make my own homemade porn video with my naked girlfriend and she was quite excited about the idea! She got naked except for her sexy thigh high purple stockings and her big all natural tits looked so hot. Filming her naked gave me quite the hard on and she crawled up to me, pulled my shorts down and took my sausage in her soft hands, guiding it to her wet mouth and giving me an awesome blowjob in front of the camera. In no time, my dick was in her sweet mouth! What could be better when your girlfriend fondles your dick with her tongue? I was holding the camera with one hand to record every moment of this amazing lip-smacking blow job. Then I laid my hot naked girlfriend on the bed, spread her legs and slide my throbbing cock between her legs. Not wasting time I proceeded to stroke her deep. She took my dick in her hands and offered me her big tits to massage my dick in between them; her puffy nipples are such a big turn on, man. I like it so much, when my girlfriend squeezes my dick between her boobies! I could already imagine all my friends and perfect strangers jerking off to my hot amateur sex tape. After a hot titty fuck and more head, she was ready to straddle herself on top of my chubby boner and ride me hard, with them fantastic boobs bouncing up and down as she mounted me like a cowgirl. If she kept riding me that way, I was afraid I just might blow my load inside her and miss out on the money shot for our fantastic amateur porn tape! From there, this episode really took off, but I won’t spoil it for you. Download the whole 30-minutes video and enjoy!   This amateur sex tape was anonymously submitted to GFRevenge this week. I’m sure the guy promised his girlfriend that this video just for him. We see it all the time in the submission videos to GF Revenge. This guy say that the video would be just for them and although this girl doesn’t really believe him, she goes along with it anyway. Maybe his girlfriend thought it would just be a quick blowjob video at first, but this submission ends up with a good portion of cum on her big tits!!! Whatch more amateur girls caught fucking by their boyfriends! GF Revenge is an ass kicking site where you can check out the hottest amateur girlfriends doing it all for their lovers! Watch and download more hot pay back amateur sex tapes.