What about three schoolgirls in a hot lesbian threesome? I was studying for a test when these two girls that are always picking on me came over and, as usual, started bothering me. I usually ignore them but, honestly, I think I had enough. When one of the girls snatched my glasses I just snapped, which is weird, cuz I’m really quiet and non-violent. I took my glasses back with this really pissed off look in my face, and to my surprise, the mean girl was totally flushed by my sudden bravado. They start kissing and rubbing each other right in front of me, on the table where I was studying, next to my books. I was furious at that moment, but something wouldn’t let me leave as I stood and watched the two girls made love. I’ve never seen two girls making love, it looked so sexy and at one moment I felt like my panties got wet. I was confused. I’ve watched two girls doing this in front of me and that been making me feel like I want to did this too. The view of two kissing girls turned me on so much! One of the schoolgirls grabbed me by the tie, part of my schoolgirl uniform, and I thought she was going to punch me, really, but instead she pulled me towards her and kissed me straight on the lips! I was not expecting that! I tried to fight it, but I got instantly turned on and I could already feel my cotton panties getting wet as we kept kissing and the other girl joined in. I could feel their hands all over my body as they played with me, lifted my plaid schoolgirl skirt, pulled my soaked panties down and started eating me out! Once we got into the private room I lay down on my back, my legs got spread and the panties flew away. The lesbians began to kiss and lick my virgin pussy, suck my clit and pussy lips and even insert fingers into my vagina. Lying on the side I spread my ass checks with two hands and one of the girls began to fondle my anus with her tongue. It was amazing! WOW! I had my FIRST orgasm with these girls. I guess we’re no longer enemies but hot lesbian lovers now!  Watch more Welivetogether lesbian porn. 