Guys, have your girlfriends ever made a homemade sex tape of her masturbating for you? My sexy girlfriend knows I love watching her masturbate, so she decided to make me a homemade sex tape! She gave it to me before leaving for a month long vacation with her family and told me to watch it when I got horny and started missing her! I opened the video on my laptop and couldn’t believe my eyes when I saw my girlfriend in a sexy lingerie outfit with no panties on, spreading her legs and showing me her pink naked pussy, ready to play with herself just for my pleasure! My half naked girlfriend got up on the bathroom counter and pulled the top of her outfit down so I could see her beautiful titties as she rubbed her wet muff. Once she’s completely naked, she doesn’t waste any time before her hand slides down to her sweet clitoris. My babe enjoys masturbating, much more when she knows that I’m watching. The tension and arousal build up slowly; she goes from gently rubbing her slit to jamming her fingers inside herself and finger fucking her lil pussy. You can see how her face gets flushed, how her breathing increases as she starts to moan and grunt, feeling her own fingers penetrating her, slipping in and out of her dripping wet snatch. Best thing is, she told me I could share her amateur sex tape with all my friends and make ‘em jealous! Moreover I am quite sure that her parents are home, my girlfriend likes to masturbate and she does it almost every day when taking a shower and before bedtime. She likes to call me and hear my voice during masturbation, she likes to tell me where she is touching herself. She is so hot!   I’m sure sex videos filmed by real girls are much better then videos with pro pornstars. Watch My Gf it’s the place where real amateur girls make their first time home sex videos and upload their masterpieces for your rating. Sign up and watch the sexiest amateur real life girlfriends, masturbating on camera, stripping naked on web cam for their boyfriends, sucking dick, and even having hot lesbian sex or threesome with their best friends. These amateur girls do incredible things on camera and then share their own homemade sex tapes. Enjoy!