As usual a new GFRevenge video and a new hot babe! I can’t get enough of watching this hot girlfriend as she’s playing with bf’s cock and then getting her pussy pounded hard!!! This video starts off with a funny foreplay as she’s playing with his cock and it’s stunning to watch! But it is impossible for her man to resist the allure of her tight pussy for long! When her bf came up on her with a camera in-hand and a request for sexy time she rejected him. He begged and pleaded, but the only thing that worked was giving her booty some lovin. Soon his girlfriend laughed and agreed to making a little naughty video, as she pulled out his dick and stuffed it into her mouth! The sex was hot, and they switched positions until they both came. This homemade video and this amateur babe are so hooot! Don’t miss this GF Revenge update! His story: Nothing beats fucking my smoking hot babe on camera! My girlfriend is the hottest girl ever, I’m so lucky for having her in my life and I’m glad she never gets tired of me filming her around the house so I can always watch her, even when she’s not around. That’s her in the kitchen, washing the dishes in her underwear, so fucking sexy! My babe knows I can hardly keep my hands, and camera, away from her and it turns her on! Now her pussy is wet and she wants to play too, so she guides me away from the kitchen and teases me with her pink pussy. I want to fuck her so bad and she knows it. She gets down on her knees as I pull my pants down and release my rock hard cock, she crawls towards it like a doggie and starts licking my balls and sucking my rod. My girlfriend is so funny and cheerful, look how she plays with my cock. I fuck her mouth and she pulls her legs behind her head and begs me to fuck her pussy. My dick slips min effortlessly and I bang her as fast and as hard as I can. After fucking her in every possible angle, I’m ready to cum all over her naked body and her hot pussy!   There’s nothing more important in life than having a hot babe like this one! He may have told his girlfriend their amateur sex video would never get out, but lucky for us, it did. I hope this was one naughty video you won’t forget anytime soon. Sorry guys, I can’t upload the whole 30-minute video, but you can watch and download it at GfRevenge, the #1 porn site with amateur hot babes! It’s crazy hot and after one glimpse, you’ll agree!