Naked girls, hot naked college girls in a wild dorm room sex orgy! What could be better?! This is one more user submitted dorm room footage from real students! What do we have in this dorm room sex orgy? Four naked girls and three guys fucking together on one bunk bed while their friends watch. These hot girls are crazy! They are willing to get completely naked, kiss each other while the guys watch, give them a head, get eaten out, get fucked, and whatever else they can think so. Fortunately for us we got this amateur video from one of the guys: Check me out, I was like the biggest loser geek in high school, but now that I’m living in a dorm in College, I’m like an amateur porn star, man! Getting my dick sucked by two beautiful college coeds is like a normal day for me now, but I still enjoy the fuck out of it! The girls in college want to experiment and my dick seems to be the perfect experiment for them, lol! I let these two naked girls stroke and suck my cock and take turns licking my balls too! Their lips are so nice, and their pussies are perfect! Two girls licking my cock, so hot! The rest of my friends are having a blast too, fucking hot girls and making them suck their cocks, the girls even let us film this shit and take pictures, College definitely rules! While one of my friends are fucking a sexy blonde doggy style on the second floor of the bunk bed, my girls climb on my dick and my face! After riding on my cock and face they turn to a doggy style position and ask me fuck them hard one by one. We have these amazing dorm room sex orgies almost every day, it’s incredible that we can get any studying done at all! The chicks are open to everything and anything, they love switching partners and dicks, having hot lesbian sex in front of us and taking all the cum we can give them in their faces and bodies!   You can find more sex orgies at DareDorm! Watch all these crazy college orgies right now! These hot girls do incredible things on camera. Fucking with guys, daily lesbian orgies with roommates, group masturbation, naked orgies outdoors… it’s all the main part of their college life. Don’t miss the latest videos at the site, full length and in unrivaled 1080p Full HD. See the hottest college girls having wild sex orgies!