Fucking my hot blonde girlfriend after the beach! My girlfriend went to the beach and I tagged along with my camera, getting some awesome shots of her coochie as she got rid of the sand under the exterior showers. My girlfriend even let me to make some close up shots of her naked pussy under the towel. Do you like inspect a pussy close up? Then I made this video is for you. The first view up her naked pussy when she pulled down her wet bikini was quite stunning and then the bare pussy views just got better. I venture directly underneath her pussy for some super sexy bottomless views. This got my girlfriend particularly hot and she let me get some close up shots as she ran her fingers up and down her wet slit. She put on her denim skirt with no panties and as we walked back home she teased me with her pink burger all the way, man! By the time we got back, my dick was so fucking hard, she got down on her knees and began sucking it hard. Her sweet lips around my dick, it was just what I needed. My girlfriend knows how to pleasure my cock. Time to bent her over and worked that hot ass from the back. After licking my salty balls my naked girlfriend bent over and showed me her ass, spreading her butt cheeks wide open with two hands so I could fuck her twat from behind. I took over the camera and got all the best angles, as I worked that pussy good on the bathroom counter. Then I fucked her in missionary so she could get a good look at my dick as I slapped it against her cunt, jerked off and blew my cum all over her belly and pussy! Look at my horny babe, she began rubbing my cum all over her belly and tits with her hand and then lewdly licked her hand clean. At that moment I realized that she wanted more! I bent her over and continued to pound her doggy style. The second time she reached an intense orgasm and after I filled her mouth with cum.   This couple is one of my favorite to date! Why, you ask? Well, because of their enthusiasm to have sex and record it! Usually, the boyfriend is the one hounding his GF to let him record a little naughty homemade video, but that wasn’t the case with this babe. When the video started out, it was her that was grabbing his cock to get him into the mood to make a sextape. Are you looking amateur sex videos? Don’t miss GF Revenge. This site is filled with amateur sex tapes that was submitted by real guys or girls. Amateur naked girls doing incredible things on camera. Join GF Revenge and check out all these smoking hot ex-girlfriends!