I’ve never tried sex with two girls at once before, but like all boys I always dreamed about it and wanted to do it. Watch my amateur video I took with two hot girls! Hot threesome sex with my girlfriend and her lesbian best friend! Something I absolutely love about my girlfriend is the fact that she is bi, and I enjoy watching her eating out her sexy best friend in our bed. See, we have a deal, she gets to have lesbian sex with her if I get to have sex with them, and it works just fine for all parties involved, as you can imagine! By the time my naked girlfriend was on her back with her legs spread and her head was between her bestie legs I thought my heart was going to stop. Two naked girls were gently touching each other, twisting their swollen nipples and licking every girly place of each other. I came closer to the girls to take a good lesbian footage with my camera. Her best friend was taking several big sloppy lollipop licks all the way up her crack from her clitoris to her ass hole. The last couple of minutes were quite passionate with my girlfriend really getting her face stuck to her pussy lips. After watching my girlfriend eating her bestie out I join the girls, ramming my fat cock deep inside her wet, shaved pussy. No doubt, they needed my pulsing cock! The harder and faster I pump her with dick meat, the raunchier she gets with the pussy eating. Her friend changes position, from being down on all fours and with her back to us to sitting on my girl’s face, facing me and asking for a switch, now it’s time to pump her sweet snatch! I love fucking her hard while my girlfriend watches us and has some more hot lesbo sex with her! I tried different positions with the girls and they, one by one, were riding my hard dick and getting fucked from behind. In the end, I cumed over my girlfrienl’s pussy and lets her lesbian friend lick the cum from her pussy. Sex with two girls at once is not like regular sex with one girl, threesomes are much hotter! Two girls can do incredible things with your cock, using their mouths and their hands together.   What could be better than getting oral sex from both girls at once or cumming on a couple of cute faces right in their open mouths? Have you ever dreamed of a threesome with a couple hot girls? You won’t want to miss these hot amateur threesomes shot and uploaded to GFRevenge by real guys or their ex-girlfriends. Be sure to check out these amazing videos with hot girlfriends! Enjoy!