When I saw this video with a couple of big titted naked girls making love, I was at a loss as to what category would be better for this video – lesbians, big tits or naked girls? I have posted a lot of lesbian videos, but the last WeLiveTogether film is one of the hottest things I’ve seen in a long time. These girls have a ton of intensity and passion. Oh, before I forget, you can download the full video with these busty lesbians by the link above. Their video in full HD and in full length it’s something awesome!!! Moreover, one of the girls is Shae Summers! You can also check out a few other films with this stunning busty babe on my site. Shae Summers is so BOOBILICIOUS! Well, back to the video. Lesbian slut seduces her sexy roommate after a shopping spree! Shae says: I love the way my sexy roommate dresses, her fashion sense is just so hot, so I asked her for a few tips and she offered to take me shopping! We had a great time and I must confess, after having her watch me in the dressing room, getting naked and trying on different outfits all afternoon, my pussy was so wet! I caught her looking at my tits when my top slipped down. I guess she noticed, because once we got back to our place, she cornered me in the kitchen and sat me over the kitchen counter, pulling back on my new jacket and down on my new tank top, exposing my big tits and my totally erect-with-arousal nipples! She munched on my tits while rubbing my bald pussy lips under my thong, then turned me over and ate me out, both my pussy and my ass! I felt in fucking heaven, no girl ever did this to me before! We took it to the sofa, where we both stripped naked among kisses and caresses and we took turns eating each other out. Her naked body looked flawless, especially her tiny pussy was absolute perfection. Getting more comfortable in the living room we continued to fondle each other and licked and sucked on each others tits, clits, and pussy lips. Eventually both of us were dripping wet with pussy juice, as we climaxed multiple times again and again. Best shopping date ever! Now I know what is forbidden love, but we love each other, isn’t that enough?!! Watch more Welivetogether lesbian porn. 