Here is one more amateur masturbation video, shot and uploaded by real girl. Girls, have you ever tried to masturbate in the solarium, lying completely naked in a tanning bed? This babe decided to shot her naked body while tanning in the tanning bed, but luckily for us her photosession very soon turns into a finger masturbation. I really love when amateur girls do explicit footage masturbating in the most unusual places, like a public solarium. I hope you will love her amateur video too. This masturbation scene is all manual pussy rubbing while leaning back in the tanning bed. How to kill time in the tanning bed? Check it out, this sexy chick enjoys masturbating while she’s in the solarium, so much so that she takes her camcorder along with her so she can film her naughty solo love session! Maybe she loves to masturbate in public places or it was her first time I don’t know. Maybe it’s the view of her sexy naked body in blue hue that turns her on so much, she feels like a blue skinned naked hot babe inside the solarium and that just makes her wanna pass her hands all over her sensual body and play with her wet pussy and swollen clit, masturbating until she reaches an intense orgasm, or perhaps it’s just a great way for her to kill time while she’s getting her tan on. Luckily that solarium has enough space for her to move around and give us several different camera angles, so we can enjoy watching her pleasure herself. She is beautiful with a perfect body and a lovely shaved twat, her sexy legs and boobs are lovely too. I just love the way this girl can’t keep the hand off her hot little pussy. This naked girl included close up shots of her pussy, though, the blue hue from the sunbed makes her pussy looks a bit… corpsey… But in any case, her naked body, her pussy and boobs look hot. Whoever said that tanning wasn’t healthy definitely needs to take a look at this video, right? So, girls submit your self shot tanning bed videos to the site too:   See more of the most hot girls masturbating on camera, getting naked, having lesbian sex with their best friends or getting fucked hard by boyfriends at Watch My Girlfriend. Real girls getting naughty for the camera. The girls film themselves as they masturbate or make love and then post their own porn videos to the site. 