She is a sexy girl and her toned body looks unbelievable. Not surprising, since she is a cheerleader! I’m sure, any man that took one look at my girlfriend would have sex on his mind. She has cute face, pretty smile, nice boobies and model looks that could get her into any top magazine. But my sexy girlfriend always gets nervous right before her cheerleading practice, but I know how to make her relax! We make sure she gets into her tight cheerleader outfit a couple of hours before her practice and I whip out my big, fat cock for her. She enjoys stroking it, sucking very slow and tender, licking my balls and watching my shaft get so big and hard in her mouth. It is an stunning blow job! I like it so much, she sucks on my hard cock for a while and looks up with those pretty green eyes. I could watch my girl playing with my dick all day long! She is so enthusiastic when it comes to pleasuring me with her mouth! After passing her wet, silky tongue all over the tip of my dick my naughty cheerleader leans back, spreads her long legs and pulls her panties to the side, exposing her soaking wet slit. I pop my dick inside her and begin fucking her hard. She holds her cheerleader’s panties to the side and her mini skirt up, keeping her legs parted and moaning as I drill her tight snatch. Her cheerleading outfit turns me on in seconds every time! I turns that sweet ass around and proceed to stroke her deep from behind. She is so excited that her pussy juice drips down onto the couch with my every stroke. I fucks her from behind and she spreads her ass cheeks with two hands, so hot! And it is even surprising that she was little hesitant when I proposed her making a sextape. Will the cum go into her mouth or into her pussy..? What about to cum on her panties? After fucking her from behind, I blow my load all over her panties! After a good fuck and with her panties soaked in cum, she’s relaxed and ready for her practice!   I can’t get enough of watching this naughty cheerleader sucking dick and getting fucked by her man. What a sex tape! Her BF was a master behind the camera in POV and somehow managed to perfectly record himself pounding gf’s pussy. Join GF Revenge and WATCH THE FULL 30-minute video and the rest videos. Are you ready for another hot amateur sex tape? Just check out GF Revenge, this is #1 girlfriend’s porn site! I couldn’t imagine a better porn site for lovers of amateur porn than GF Revenge. Real naughty girls, ex-girlfriends, horny schoolgirls in stunning sex footage!