I always enjoy watching naked girls making love with each other or sharing one dick together. We’re fortunate today to feature a couple of naked girls sharing a dick in a hot threesome! No doubt that having sex with two girls will provide guaranteed pleasure all of you. Reasons why you should have sex with two girls together: One of the girls licks your cock while the other licks your balls! Two girls pleasure your cock, delighting in two tongues and two mouths. When you’re nailing one of the girls, she is eating pussy to the other girl. Both girls do their level best to entice you to service each of them more. After you cum on their faces they begin to kiss. This amateur video I would call – When two girls like one guy. One guy, two girls? Boring love triangle? No, it’s an awesome threesome! These best friends decided to break their love triangle, and you’ll be surprised by the decision! The best friends decided to solve the problem of love triangle by trying a threesome with the guy! My best friend and I share a guy’s dick in a hot threesome! I met a new guy a couple of weeks ago and I was really getting into him, I mean, I really liked him, that is until I found out my best friend liked him too. None of us wanted to miss out on such a nice guy, so we decided to solve the problem of a potential love triangle by trying a threesome. Surprisingly, he didn’t seem to mind, lol! I was so turned on, getting stripped naked by my guy (or “our” guy) and my best friend and having her eat me out while he rubbed and fingered my clit and snatch. He stuck his thumb in my mouth and I sucked it with eyes closed while feeling my friend’s tongue in and out of my wet gash! We changed positions and I ate her out while she gave our guy a handjob, his dick was so big and hard! We gave him a shared blowjob, sucking and stroking his throbbing erection while licking his balls and he took turns fucking the both of us! We soon undressed him and moved him to the bed, indulging in a long make out session, that only became hotter! Finally satisfied, we sat together on the floor side by side, to enjoy his cumshot. He cummed at first in my mouth and then in the mouth of my friend, we were unable to resist the temptation of his hot ejaculating dick and began to kiss it and share his yummy sperm with our tongues.   If you ever wonder where all that stolen amateur sex footage and ex-girlfriend pictures end up after these sluts break it off with their guys, it’s all right here at GF Revenge! That’s right, these guys don’t get mad, they just get even, uploading all those videos and images they kept or stole of their girlfriends naked, masturbating, having hot lesbian sex, sucking dick, fucking and getting cummed all over! Jerk off to the hottest amateur girlfriends on the block, baby! There’s tons of videos and images and new hot naked girls get added all the time!