If you’ve been waiting for a dorm sex video, look no further than DareDorm next film. These two best friends decided to shoot their own sex video in their dorm room! Two naked college girls and one guy, what could be better? Unbearably turned on, one girl pulls down beau’s pants and greedily wraps her warm lips around his erect cock and begins to give him the blowjob on camera. Then he swings her hips around to eat her out in a delectable 69. All the while her best friend continues to shoot them on her camera. My favorite part of there amateur video, is when one of the girls moans with such obvious pleasure as she’s being fucked by the guy, while her friend sitting near on the bed watches them. Their dorm sex video it’s a must-see for any lover of college girls and amateur sex videos. The naughty college coeds said him that the video would be just for them, but they quickly upload it to DareDorm: They say college is the time to be at your naughtiest and my sexy roommates and I are making it happen every day and every night in our dorm room, the most popular one at Campus, bitch! We even film our outrageous sex parties and upload them to the web so all our friends and their friends can check them out, jerk off to them and maybe consider participating in the next one! We love getting naked and teasing the hot guys we invite over, stripping them naked and pulling down on their slips and boxers to unveil their huge, rock hard cocks! Tonight I’m filming one of my roommates, a sultry brunette, as she smokes a big pole in a 69, getting her sweet snatch eaten out by her lover in turn! She hops on his dick and rides him hard, grinding her ass and twat against his crotch and pressing her tits against his chest, so fucking hot, college fucking! This guy is fucking her so good, I can’t wait for my turn in front of the cameras with him, looking at my sexy roommate masturbate as she watches us fuck as hard and nasty as she did with him a few minutes before me!   Dare Dorm makes all your wet college co-ed fantasies cum true as their cameras take you deep inside the hottest, naughtiest and raunchiest college dorm room sex parties and wild orgies! See sexy amateur college girls strip naked, suck dick, fuck and get jizz all over their faces and bodies in amateur hardcore action! Regular updates with new scenes, guys and girls will keep you at the edge of your seat and make you want to enroll back on Campus! Don’t miss real submitted dorm room footage from real college girls!