Amia Miley and Natasha White are two of the hottest girls you’ll ever see. The girls are all over each other, kissing and caressing each other’s delectable bodies. Natasha has already pulled down Amia’s pink panties so that she can run her hand down to her dripping wet pussy and her sensitive clit. After a bit of kissing and some initial pussy rubbing in the hall the girls get fully naked and start making out on the couch with lots of pussy and ass licking, clit tongue flicking, facesitting and intense pussy fingering. Two naked girls facesitting on each other – amazing! At first Amia was nervous because she’d never done that with another woman but very soon she gets quite relaxed. Amia flips over onto all fours with her naked ass in the air and her friend gives her pussy and her anus a good working over with her tongue. For a brief period Natasha even gets her tongue right up her ass hole. Now it’s Amia’s turn to explore Natasha’s pussy and ass. It’s her first time touching another girl’s bits so she’s a little tentative at first but before long she’s really digging in deep and loving it! There’s lots of pussy eating in the missionary position, on all fours and passionate 69 with these two hot naked girls. Make sure you don’t miss this video if you are a fan of lesbian love because these hot girls are amazing! Amia says: My very first and very arousing lesbian sex experience! My roommate and I went out for lunch and while we sipped on some margaritas, she kept complimenting me on my tight salmon colored dress and my long sexy legs. She never flirted with me before, maybe it was the margaritas talking, and I’ve never been into girls before, and maybe it was the margaritas talking, but I felt quite turned on and I could notice my panties were getting wet! We went back to our place and we hadn’t finished crossing the doorway when my roommate pushed me against the wall, pressed her hot latina body against my aroused body and started feeling me up and kissing me! I was loving it! Our tongues clashed, exchanging saliva in wet kisses as she lifted my dress and I felt her hand under my panties, rubbing my twat!  She turned me over, spanked my ass, bent me over and shoved her tongue between my ass cheeks! I felt it crawling into my asshole and almost cummed on the spot! She finger fucked my pussy while eating out my asshole and let me do the same to her, I’m fucking in love with a dyke! 