Yeah, my smoking hot girlfriend promised to cut off my dick if I ever showed this video to anybody, but how can I resist the temptation? After all, her tits look fabulous on camera and we were having such a good time by the pool that weekend, that she let me film her naked tits, then her fully naked and finally while she sucked my dick! At first she was wearing an amazing bikini that highlighted her curvaceous body, making her naked tits look fantastic. She came close to me, opened her mouth to wrap her soft lips around the hardness of my erection. Being in the pool my hot babe used her hands and her warm wet mouth, giving me enormous pleasure, it was amazing. She looked so hot licking the tip of my throbbing dick and staring into the camera lens, she could have been a pornstar if she wanted, don’t you agree? After giving me amazing cock sucking my girlfriend couldn’t stand it any longer. She had to feel my throbbing cock deep inside her tight vagina! We got out of the pool and she stripped naked, bending over and exposing her bubble shaped butt, puckered asshole and that absolutely perfect pussy that looked ready to fuck, and that’s what I did! She lay back and asked me to fuck her hard, guiding my dick into her wet slit with her hand. Her wet pussy was welcoming and warm. I spread her legs wide open over a stool and plowed her in missionary position while still filming her and then I got her on her feet, bend her over and banged her from behind, my balls smacking her ass. The deep penetration of doggy-style fucking making my hot girlfriend moan louder as sensation coursed through her hot body. She begged me to put her back over the stool and keep fucking her in missionary until I came and so I did, leaving a sticky creampie all over her twat! I took my cock in hand stroked it hard and fast till fully covered her pussy with fresh jizz. Then I lovingly rubed hot sperm all over her pussy using my cock. I think the best part of my amateur porn video when she held her pussy lips wide open with her fingers, and also the close up footage of pussy creampie looks very nice! What do you think, does my girlfriend like this footage of the creampie pouring out of her pussy?   What a sex tape! This GFRevenge episode is all about how amateur homemade porno end up online. Don’t miss GFRevenge, these guys have a growing collection of amateur porn featuring real people having sex in front of their own camera. Ex-girlfriends giving head, fucking hard, making love with their best friends, trying threesomes and much more. There are lots of teen girls, schoolgirls, college babes in these videos. Pornstars get paid to have sex on camera, boring…, these amateur hotties do it for fun, it’s amazing!