When I watch porn, I love watching girls licking other girls all over and rubbing each other. I think about it, even when I’m having sex with my girlfriend. When she sucks my dick, I imagine another naked girl licking her delicious pussy at the same time. I love my girlfriend but I really want to experience with two girls together. I’d like to watch my naked girlfriend making love with another naked girl in front of me. I would like to take my girlfriend doggie style while she goes down on a girl. It sounded so amazing and so turned me on. I thought, How do I ask my girlfriend who doesn’t even like to watch porn? But to my surprise my babe was more horny than me!!! My girlfriend went to army training camp and we didn’t see each other for 5 months. Yesterday I got an email from her. What do you think I saw? My girlfriend sent me a video tape of her having hot lesbian sex with her army friends! I miss her so, especially when I get horny. She knows of this, so she decided to send me a special video she filmed in the barracks with her friends, to keep my spirits up and to give me a little something to look at and keep my hard-on up too! She’s partying with her fellow trooper girls and they’re all wearing their gray army sweaters and panties, fuck, that’s hot! It gets even hotter when one of the girls takes off her panties and things start getting naughty! Four army girls remove their clothes and start making out, watching my hot girlfriend having hot lesbian sex with her army buddies got my cock hard as a rock, man! Four naked girls are having a fun girl’s night! I like it, my girl buries her face in a woman’s landing strip snatch, the other three naked army girls do the same to her. I jerked off while looking at her going down on her friend, licking their pussies, eating them out and finger fucking them, then getting her share of lesbian love and affection! My girl can’t stop moaning as she gets closer and closer to a climax, thanks to the attention of her roommates. Lol, I wonder what their commanding officer would say if he found out what happens in their room after lights out?! I’m so happy and horny to know that there are other girls who can take care of my girl. I fantasized about it all the time, and it happened. LESBIAN FOURSOME! Now I’m sure we’ll try to do it together more than once!   Do you want this all army lesbian video in full HD? Download the full 30-minute video from GF Revenge by the link above and see this and many other lesbian actions from start to finish! Well, you know where these amateur girls end up, right? Exposed right here at GF Revenge! Check out user submitted videos of amateur girlfriends stripping naked, masturbating, dyking out with their friends and letting their boyfriends stuff their tight pussies and puckered assholes with dick! Cum right now and check out the hottest naked girls in real homemade sex videos and pictures! Guys or even girls themselves upload all those private videos and images they made masturbating, making love or having lesbian sex. You won’t want to miss their exciting home sex tapes!!!