Here is one more lesbian sex video for all lovers of naked girls and lesbian threesomes. Valentina broke up with her boyfriend and her lesbian roommates make her feel all better! This babe just broke up with her boyfriend and she has been a mess. All she does is stay in bed all day crying, and her roommates are starting to get better. The girls fear she may get depressed and since they heard from good sources that nothing beats depression like sex, they decide to give her some! The girls get all dressed up and wait for her to come back from her therapy session, sit her down and remind her how hot, sexy and beautiful she is! Valentina needs more than just words, so the girls back them up with actions, pulling her pink tank top down, exposing her beautiful breasts and erect nipples, caressing her body and kissing her all over. It’s not long before she is fully naked up on the bed lying back with her legs spread in the air and all of her girlie bits right out in the open! Valentina finds comfort in the arms of her friends, their tongues dig deep inside her wet cunt and her tight asshole, making her feel sensations that make her forget all about that loser ex-boyfriend, after all, she can get all the love and hot lesbian sex she needs from her roommates! She has never been with a girl before, moreover with two naked girls, but something has always turned her on about girls. The girls are prettier and softer than guys are, definitely her boyfriend doesn’t know all her secret places, the most intimate regions of her lil pussy. She is now fully naked getting a pussy licking while lying on her back with her legs spread high in the air. Her boyfriend could never do it so lovely and so sensually to her. After some initial pussy licking action she really wants put her tounge down on a girl and give her lesbian friends an oral pleasure in return. She pushes one of the girls down and snakes her tongue as far as she can into her soaked wet snatch, while the other girl eagerly laps up the pussy juices from her pussy from behind, grabbed her ass with both hands. Valentina buries her face in her lover’s exposed twat to sweep her tongue up and down the soft folds of her pussy slit. It is her story of getting started in kinky fun! Two naked girls licked all her pretty places, and she forgot all about her ex-boyfriend. If a pussy licking is your thing you wont find any prettier pussies than these naked girls as they make love, bringing each other to an orgasm. Hot, steamy, lovely lesbian sex. Watch more Welivetogether lesbian porn. 