Check these two young naked girls out as they touch each other, get naked, lick each other’s pussies in the 69 position. This hot blonde and brunette just had some fun in the pool and now that they’re in the locker room, it’s time to get frisky! Young lesbians rub their hot nubile bodies together and the blonde rubs her friend’s gorgeous firm breasts. She kisses and fondles erect nipples of her girlfriend pulling down her bra. Her boobs are so lovely, firm, juicy. Slipping down between her legs she kisses her mound and her hot pussy through her bikini, that is already soaked with pussy juice. She is like a pubescent 15 year old boy trying to get into a girls pants and I understand her very well. But there’s no real lesbian action in the locker room as the girls just take turns touching each other. Young girls kiss and caress, but the locker room is just too public and they don’t feel at ease, so they hold their excitement in check until they get back home. Now the girls can get naked and jump into bed together for some hot, steamy lesbian sex! The mood turns more fun and playful now. The brunette spreads her legs and lets her blonde friend eat her out, licking her wet slit and kissing her clit. She even gets her tongue right up her vagina. Next one of the girls flips over onto all fours with her ass in the air and her lesbin friend gives her pussy and ass a good working over with her tongue from behind. The brunette spreads her buttocks with two hands wrapped around from behind so her blonde friend can lick her asshole. She takes big lollipop licks up the length of her ass crack frequently pausing at her vagina to sink her tongue between pussy lips. Then blonde tucks her head in her ass crack to lick her pussy while you gaze up that amazing ass! This is so hot, especially if you like watching a girl experiencing new sensations for the very first time. Next blonde flips over onto her back and invites her friend enjoy her dripping wet pussy. Seeing her naked friend with legs spread open makes her so hot! The brunette begins to finger her pink pussy, not forgetting to lick her clit. Then she goes back to the the bottom position and the blonde rubs her body all over hers, her tongue, lips and fingers exploring every single inch of her dark haired lover’s drop dead gorgeous body. Their girl on girl love session ends with a steamy 69 that makes young lesbians both cum hard! What could be better then two naked girls licking each other in 69?! The last scene is spectacular.   See more horny young girls getting caught fucking! Watch My Girlfriend gives you a real amateur look at the pictures and homemade sex tapes of regular girlfriends and ex-girlfriends, exposed by friends, boyfriends and exes who managed to get a hold of their social networks and email passwords and get their hands on their explicit pics and vids! Watch the hottest amateur real life girls, stripping naked on web cam, masturbating on camera for their boyfriends, sucking dick, getting fucked hardcore or even trying lesbian sex with their best friends for the first time. These teen girls do incredible things on camera and then their guys or the girls themselves share their own home sex tapes.