Amateur sex video of hot naked girl getting fucked in the restaurant kitchen. I study Arts & Film at college and one of my assignments led me to film my sexy blonde girlfriend at her workplace in a nearby coffee house. She looks so sexy in her work outfit, I always fuck her as soon as she comes back from work, so I figured, why not fuck her at work… and film it? I probably couldn’t include the footage in my assignment, but I knew my artistic talents and her banging hot body would be appreciated on the web! I begged her to flash some skin, and being the freaky chick my babe was, next thing we knew, her pussy was out in full view and she was playing with it. Just look at that flawless ass and her lovely little pussy! Bending over she pulled her shorts down to show me her lovely ass cheeks. Before long she had her shorts pulled down around her thighs, her white panties pulled aside to show me some nice naked pussy views on camera. She closed up and we went to the restaurant kitchen, where I started to fondle and rub her pussy, not forgetting to make some truly excellent footage of her cute pussy lips close up. Of course this only heated things up. My naked girl initially resisted recording on camera. But once I started rubbing on her pussy and she got wet and horny, her attitude changed completely. My sexy waitress got down on her knees and gave me head while I filmed her. When I gave her the cock in doggy style, she was in heaven! She bent over the kitchen counter and I spread her legs, stuffing her tight wet pussy with my fat dick and pounding her hard from behind. Her sweet ass bounced as I banged her and we switched position so she could face me and I could get some good shots of her beautiful tits. Her frequent moaning was a little contrived but I hope you will like that. She rubbed her clit for me and for my camera and I could tell that pussy was still yearning for a good fuck, the kitchen made the perfect setting for our hot amateur sex tape and I bet if I could make my project based on it I would get an A!   Her BF worked her tiny pussy overtime all over the kitchen counter, she cum multiple times and he got his turn too, orgasmed so good, covering her bald mound with his sticky cum. Her glazed lady doughnut looks amazing. It is a typical amateur video that you can find in GF Revenge. The boyfriend decided that since his girlfriend didn’t mind fucking at work during restaurant hours, on camera, she wouldn’t mind if he posted this sex video for the members at GF Revemge. The full video is 28 minutes in length. You won’t want to miss this week’s submission in full HD and also download more girls caught fucking on video. Go visit GF Revenge by clicking on one of the girls above. Girls agree to let their boyfriends film them while they are naked, during masturbation, sucking dick, getting fucked hard, making love with their best friends and getting facial cumshots.