While waiting for my laundry, I fucked my girlfriend and her hot step mom! Awesome! I always do my laundry at my girlfriend’s home, but Cassandra called me up and told me she would be running late, but I could go anyway, since her step mom would be there to receive me. I had seen Cassandra’s step mom before, but when she received me at the door in the sexiest lingerie ever, I wondered if I’d be able to get my laundry done without an erection! She offered to help me out and as she bent over to put my dirty clothes in the machine, I got a perfect view of her sexy bubble butt in a thong! She looked at me and asked when was the last time I washed the clothes I was wearing, and made me take them off and put them in the machine! Wearing just my tight boxers, there was no way I could conceal the huge boner she gave me, and Cassandra’s step mom was more than happy to help me out, stroking my dick, sucking my dick and licking my balls on top of the washer! Fuck, mature women know what an young guy wants, they really know how to suck a dick. Settling between my legs she sucked my erect cock like no other, not forgetting to lick my balls. I was so turned on I didn’t notice when my girlfriend showed up! I thought she’d be pissed, but that naughty grin on her face made me realize I had been set up! She told me to relax because it was alright. Then my girlfriend and her step mom both began suck my cock! Her mom even showed how to do it better, her blowjob technique. While mom caressing my balls, her daughter sucked my erection hard. Time to time they licked the tip of my dick together with two tongues. When I could not take any more, my girlfriend rolled onto her hands and knees into the doggy style position and I began to pound her from behind. At first her mom watched as my cock pumped inside of her daughter’s pussy and then she spread her legs in front of her daughter and she began to lick her twat. They took turns getting their pussies pounded. At the end I gave her mom a cream pie! My babe even licked my sperm off mom’s pussy!!! She quickly begam to suck her pussy to drink down every last drop of my cum as I exploded in mom’s vagina. 