Two naked girls have wild lesbian sex after a night out clubbing! Georgie and her roommate went out to party and had a blast, the girls drank, they danced, they made out with some guys, they even made out with each other and by the time the girls got back home at the crack of dawn, their panties were soaking wet and they couldn’t wait to get naked and fuck! The girls made it past the door and picked up on their make out session right where they left off at the club. Georgie got down on her knees and darted her silky tongue in and out of her new lover’s dripping wet cunt, tasting her delicious pussy juices and feeling her own wet snatch with her fingers. Standing on her knees in front of Malena, she tightly pressed her mouth to her pussy and sucked her clit like crazy. You can see the convulsing waves of pleasure crashing through her whole body. In return Malena pressed her face right in her wet spot with both hands! Georgie didn’t pass on the chance of moving her tongue a few inches down south, getting a taste of her roommate’s tender, puckered asshole. Then naked girls made their way to the couch where Malena put Georgia’s ass in the air, for some full service pussy licking treatment. Without wasting any time, she dived in to that beautiful exposed snatch with her eager mouth and tongue. Georgie had a few big lollipop licks through the whole length of her crack from clit to ass hole. She used two fingers to squish and massage Georgie’s clit between her fingers. Her technique of pussy licking really sucks (literally) as she vacuums Georgie’s clit right up inside her mouth, dipping between her pussy lips. Naked girls rimmed each other, masturbated face to face and then made out some more. I love the way naked girls sit with legs spread, look into each others eyes and masturbate till they cum at the same time! Naked girls giving cunnilingus to each other, licking ass and clits, masturbating in front of each other, climaxing together! Amazing! This was the perfect way to cap out a great night out partying and they just couldn’t wait to go out and do it again! 