Do you remember our rule? One naked girl = nice, two = great, three naked girls = awesome!!! Is there anything more wonderful than group sex with three girls together? Imagine that you were fortunate enough to have sex with three girls in a foursome. Impossible dream? Not today! The last time GF Revenge featured a threesome, it received a great reception, now need to say thanks them for this foursome. Any video that begins with a group of naked girls has to be terrific! Add there a dick and you have – instant foursome! Yes, these lovely girls get drilled hard, watch as the girls cum one after another and the lucky guy cums on them in the end. He submits the video and says: I’m having my ultimate sex fantasy come true, having a foursome with my hot redhead girlfriend and two of her sexy friends! I made sure I brought my camera along so I could get this shit down on film, baby! The girls got naked and my girl spread her legs so her best friends could tend to her, kissing her on the lips, massaging her firm tits and fingering her pretty pussy. She was enjoying it, but so much more watching me get a huge boner out of this amateur lesbian threesome! What turns me on is her being with another girl, or better with two girls! The girls ganged up and pulled out my hard cock, stroking and sucking it together, licking my balls and making it pretty hard for me not to cum while getting head from three beautiful naked babes at the same time! One of the friends bent over and while she ate the other girl out, I banged her from behind with my girl watching us do it! My girlfriend just was watching me doing her best friend and she realy liked it. I took my time fucking all three girls and watching them have hot lesbian sex and drool all over my hard cock, I couldn’t wait to blow my load all over their faces and bodies! My girlfriend loves when I cum on her boobs and her face, but jerking off in front of three girls was much hotter. Naked girls lie side by side on the bed waiting my cum load! It was amazing! Then the girls went to the bathroom, they needed to wash my sperm off, but in the bath tub they began to touch and kiss each other and we continued our sex party in the bathroom.   GF Revenge is an awesome porn site where you can enjoy the very best all amateur submitted content on the web, featuring hot girlfriends and ex-girlfriends getting nasty in front of the cameras, the girls never imagined their amateur and homemade sex tapes would end up on the web, exposing them as nasty cock sucking whores! Watch real amateur girls stripping naked, sucking dicks in orgies, having hot lesbian sex with best friends, masturbating together, getting amazing cumshots and facials that leave them soaked in hot cum! Watch girls trying threesome, foursome, and more-some sex! Group sex and orgies with schoolgirls and cheerleaders. With new girls, pictures and videos submitted all the time, this site has the best in amateur girlfriend smut!