Mature naked woman with young naked girl it’s so beautiful. They are both blondes and fully naked! Mature sex therapist teaches this hot young couple how to fuck! Kennedy is having some sexual chemistry issues with her boyfriend and she doesn’t know what to do. Her best friend tells her that her step-mom is a licensed sex therapist and she’s helped many other unsatisfied couples and she could arrange for them to meet for a consult. Kennedy goes visit her, a striking blonde MILF with a fabulous body. She invited Kennedy to pass to the back patio and the naked women take a dip in the pool. The mature therapist believes it is important for Kennedy to feel at ease in her own body and be willing to explore her sexuality. Of course, she is there to help and to guide her, not just with words, but with soft kisses and sensual caresses. Teen starts letting lose, sinking her tongue between the tender and wet pussy lips of the horny mom. Two blonde girls are naked and making love in the pool, kissing and touching each other, stunning! This seems to take care of Kennedy’s unresolved issues during her oral stage, but now she must take care of her anal stage! She guides her upstairs and eats out her tight asshole, getting her salad tossed allows naked girl to view her body and her sexuality in new ways! Later the girls decide to invite her boyfriend over and do some couples therapy together! Kennedy complains that her boyfriend never did that, so horny MILF told her to call him over for a lesson in satisfaction. Very soon he gets here and receives a surprise like no other! Two beautiful naked women, two beautiful naked blondes! They all get naked and after he eats them out, two naked girls share his fabulous dick in a sensual blowjob, sucking his rod and licking his balls. The MILF bends over so he can fuck her pussy from behind, while Kennedy watches closely to better understand the mechanics of a fabulous fuck! Now they are going to be a very happy and sexually satisfied couple! 