Have you ever had totally naked girls lying in your bed and had the urge to sneak in on them and check out their pussies with your dick? If this happens to be your fantasy you’ll never find a more suitable video than this. I’ve always had a thing for a threesome with two naked girls. And most of you I know have fantasies about making love with two naked girls together. Fucking and filming my girlfriend and her best friend while fucking them both! I got back home after my graveyard shift and imagine my surprise when I walk into the bedroom and find my girlfriend fully naked with her best friend in bed! A part of me didn’t know if to get mad or get turned on, but my dick made the final judgment and went with the second option. I grabbed my digital camera and began filming naked girls, this is the kind of shit you want to have on tape, man! Before long I began to fondle their pussies. Then I got really bold and began to finger girlfriend’s private parts sticking my fingers right up her pussy and touching her little ass hole. After a while my tattooed girlfriend could tell by my huge boner that the scene had me aroused, and by the naughty way she grinded her bubble shaped ass and exposed her pussy to me, I knew she wanted me to fuck her hard right next to her naked friend! I popped my dick between her buns and fucked her tight pussy and it was really hot when her best friend woke up and saw us there fucking next to her. At first she acted all shy and shit, but her nipples were erect and you could tell she was into it when she started kissing my girlfriend and had hot lesbian sex with her while I filled her up with dick! I couldn’t wait any longer to sink my erect dick deep into one of the beautiful pussies that awaits me. Two beautiful naked brunettes woke up and were ready for a good time! I fucked my girlfriend first laying her on her front with her lovely ass projecting out right in my camera and then laying her on her side while her naked friend licked her nipples lying beside her. I pulled out from my girlfriend’s pussy so her best friend could suck my dick, and that’s when my girl told me she wanted to see me fucking her best friend! Awesome! Naked girls changed places so that the friend could spread her beautiful ass cheeks with both hand opening her dripping twat for me. Things got ever hotter when my girlfriend spread her legs in front of us letting her best friend eat her pussy. At the end I filled friend’s pussy to overflowing with my sperm and the girls continued in the 69 lapping at each other’s pussies! My girlfriend licked her hot pussy and the sticky juices flowed into her waiting mouth.   GF Revenge is the hottest place for you to discover real amateur girlfriends and ex-girlfriends exposed in the raunchiest hardcore homemade sex action available on the web! Watch them strip naked for their boyfriends and ex-boyfriends, sucking dick, fucking hard, taking it up the ass, masturbating, having hot lesbian sex, fucking with dildos, enjoying threesomes, foursomes, orgies and ending up drenched in hot cum after amazing facials, cumshots and creampies that will leave you wanting even more, and you’ll get it, with regular updates, new videos and new naughty real ex-girlfriends added all the time for your enjoyment and your satisfaction! BEST REVENGE SEX TAPES YOU WILL EVER SEE!