Guys, this video is fantastic! It’s always excellent whenever I am able to bring you so hot and wild babe in an amateur hardcore video. She is a smoking hot little vixen! From the first moment we see her in the video, we were already mesmerized by her sexy and playful look. Oh, this girl is awesome, just look at what this hottie does with a dick! Fucking my girlfriend’s wild best friend after picking her up at the mall! So, the story goes like this, my girlfriend asked me to pick up her best friend from the mall… It was a bad idea; at least it would be from my girlfriend’s point of view, if she knew what happened! Her best friend is a sexy, spunky, wild redhead bimbo and she’s always talking about all these crazy shit she likes to do sexually in public, I just didn’t imagine she’d do them with me! I picked her up and she said she wanted to thank me… Well after a little small talk in my car we got frisky, one thing led to another and she was sucking my dick! She was reaching to my crotch, unzipping me and pulling my dick from underneath my boxers! I thought about stopping her, but the way she was sucking on my fingers while stroking my dick into full erection smack in the middle of the mall’s parking lot was too fucking hot! My girlfriend doesn’t do any wild shit like that so I was going to take advantage and enjoy it! After giving me head, I had to find a some suitable place for us! What about a house that had been abandoned for months? I drove her to the place, with the dirty bitch masturbating the whole way through! I had a hard time keeping focused on the traffic not forgetting to film her! What do you do when a hot girl gets naughty? You film it, of course! I found that abandoned house and we quickly crept inside. She really let her inner vixen out once we were secluded. She immediately dropped to her knees and started sucking my cock! Hot girlfriend’s friend got naked and we fucked right outside in the patio. She rode my dick and her pussy felt so tight wrapped around my cock! She rode me in reverse cowgirl while I fingered her pretty little asshole and doing it outdoors just made the whole fucking experience hotter, man! Lying on the wicker chair the naked girl spread her legs so that she was nice exposed for a second round of a proper pussy pounding. Finally, wishing to please me, the hot little vixen kneeled before me, opened her mouth wide and took a load of my hot fresh cum all over her face with a great enthusiasm! I jetted a huge load of sperm into her waiting mouth so that she could swallow every last drop on camera! A huge facial cumshot was the best ending of our casual sex! Now I’m driving her back and forth from the mall every fucking day!   YOU WON’T WANT to miss a second of this 30-minute video! This is a low resolution sample video of a full length film available at GF Revenge, click on the link above. See more HOT girlfriends in an amateur hardcore sex video! GF Revenge is definitely for adults only, a scorching hot site filled with 100% all amateur submissions, featuring the hottest girlfriends in the web getting exposed online as the girls get naked, suck dick, get fucked and swallow all the cum their boyfriends can give them! Watch these naughty naked girls masturbating, fucking with dildos, having hot lesbian sex, jerking off their boyfriends and agreeing to getting filmed, not knowing they will end up all over the web for you to watch and enjoy! New videos and new girls are submitted all the time, come on and join in the fun!