These sexy girls need some alcohol for a party they are going to, but the girls aren’t quite 21 yet, but they’re in college and they’re sexy and they know that goes a long way when you need somebody to score some beer for you! At the nearby store, sexy girls flash their tits and ass to the clerk, hoping it will do the trick and help him overlook the fact that they’re not 21 yet. Their naked tits and asses look pretty good. He likes what he sees, but he’s not sure he wants to break the rules and get in trouble for them. But it seems the girls decide they have a better suggestion for him! Wishing to please him the naughty college coeds get down on their knees and start giving him a double blow job by the beer fridge! What can be better than two teens sucking your dick together? Am I right? Just look at these girls, they wrap their warm lips around his erect cock, licking it and swirling their tongues along the head of his dick. He guides them to the storage room so they can have more fun and avoid unwanted attention. The girls strip naked and put on a sexy, hot amateur lesbian show for him. Two amateur naked girls are so hot! And those titties, I just can’t get enough of watching two naked girls caressing them and making their titties touch each other! He strips and lies on the floor and the sexy coeds crawl besides him and keep sucking his throbbing dick. I love the way that the naughty girls continue to do a hot double blowjob. He starts fucking one of the girls, who’s down on all fours and eating out her blonde friend. By the way the brunette is shaking and grinding her fabulous bubble shaped ass while fingering her friend, she’s really enjoying the clerk’s dick, maybe the girls even forgot about the beer and just wanna keep fucking his delicious cock! Watch him fuck the blonde too and blow his load over both their faces at the end! A good portion of hot fresh cum it’s the best thing for such cute faces! Lucky guy drips his liquid love onto their cute faces and waiting mouths, leaving them kissing with cum on the faces and swapping cum. Definitely don’t miss this amateur and fun film, watch the full video here:   STFU College is the place in which the wildest college girls get exposed online! Real amateur college co-eds in all their naked glory participating in homemade videos shot at Campus and at the dorm rooms! Wild fraternity and sorority parties filled with music, dancing, boozing and nonstop fucking! Beautiful naked girls with big tits and bouncy butts riding hard cocks, having hot lesbian sex, showing their muffs, getting their cunts filled and pumped with dick meat in front of the cameras and enjoying every single moment of it while you watch them and jerk off!