These two are so passionate that it is hard to pick a favorite part of their amateur sex video, the hot girl giving blowjob in the car, sucking his fat dick right outside in the patio, moving her beautiful ass up and down the long length of his shaft and finally the naked girl getting a pretty good portion of cum all over her face in a facial that leaves her fully satisfied! She is one of the hottest girls I have ever seen! Pick a good seat because you won’t want to miss this hottie!!! The lucky guy writes: I saw this sexy blonde babe walking down the street as I drove by and I just had to pick her up! I just needed the fail proof pickup line, so I told her that my girlfriend cheated on me on my birthday and I guess I struck that maternal chord in her, because she was eager to console me in my time of need! She hopped on the car and we drove to a nice, quiet place, where she went down on my dick and gave me some hot car head! Babe reached underneath her denim shorts and masturbated her pink pussy in front of me as I drove back to her place, what a fucking hottie! Ohhh, my… this girl is awesome. We didn’t even make it inside the house, as she wanted to expose herself outdoors for me, stripping off her shorts and panties and rubbing her muff while I jerked off to her! I got naked and she went down on her knees, licking my balls and making her way up for a second blowjob without a care for anyone who may be watching. It was the most hot and horny blowjob of my life. Needless to say she attacked my dick and spent almost a half of the hour between my legs. I fucked her mouth but she was just warming up, because when she got on top and started working her pussy, it was a thing of beauty. We started banging right there, with her straddling on top of my hard cock and riding me. All this time I wondered if her neighbors were watching us, maybe even jerking off to us fucking right outside her house! Naked girl squatted with her back facing me and rode my dick while I fingered her asshole. Fuck, that juicy bubble shaped ass bounced up and down as if she were a total sexaholic, and I was beginning to think she was! Finally she kneeled in front of me and asked me to cum on her face! She spent those last few seconds licking eagerly my balls so that I shot as much as possible of my precious seed all over her face. The hot cum dripping down her pretty face was particularly nice. She just licked it all up with a big smile on her face. Amazing girl!   These hot girls love to get down and dirty. You will love watching as they strip naked, masturbate, suck cocks to their boyfriends, make love with their best friends, get fucked outdoors with obvious ecstasy and do other incredible things on camera. These hot girlfriends can’t get enough sex. They are so hot and naughty, especially once the camera start rolling. Don’t forget, the 5-minute video is a low resolution sample of a full length film available at GF Revenge. Full length movie is 30 minutes and up to full 1080P quality, click the link and watch. Enjoy!