Sexercise! She is a super sensual babe and she is working on her yoga poses in the living room while waiting for her instructor to arrive and let’s face it, she looks hot as fuck! Long legs, ultra tight bubble butt, insanely sexy curves, great tits, beautiful slutty face, the flexibility attained by long yoga sessions that lets her become a human pretzel while you fuck her, the whole package indeed! Her instructor finally arrives, and he trains her on the exercise ball. He can’t help seeing the way her bubble butt stands out and begins kissing her from her lower back and moving up. She loves it; here comes her favorite part of yoga practice! He kisses her neck, gropes her tits and rubs her muff over her tight yoga shorts. Sexy girl sucks his dick and turns over, totally naked, spreading her ass cheeks and offering her wet snatch for him to fuck it deep and hard. Her ass looks amazing, as she thrusts her ass up into the air and spreads her buttocks with two hands so show us her ass crack nicely. Sexy naked girl is squatting on top of him, practically sitting on his throbbing erection, riding it on top of the exercise ball. Her round ass bops up and down; it looks so fucking hot and insane! They fuck on the floor, over the yoga mat, on the exercise ball, with her on top and squatting over his hard erection, feeling him closer and closer to cumming and he pulls out of her right on time to blow his load all over her snatch! Her pleasure comes quickly too, giving her the throbbing climax that she craves. Forget treadmills, long walks and diets, this couple has come up with a new way of staying in shape, their workout it’s plenty of sex. Her pussy gets a serious workout here with extensive pussy pounding and cock riding. There is a great scene for pee lovers and orgasm lovers, when her man takes his cock in hand and begins to rub her clit with his cock quickly, his technique obviously works well for her as she squirts almost right away with pussy juice spurting out all over his dick. 