I guess I’m still a little bit old fashioned when it comes to certain stuff about sex! My girlfriend was explaining to me that she also had a hot MILF girlfriend. I just couldn’t get why she was into older women, well, until my girl showed me the many reasons why! As we talked in her bedroom, she told me her friend was downstairs and to wait a couple of minutes before joining them there. My girlfriend left the room and greeted her hot, mature friend with passionate kisses as her hands groped her teen body! Standing right there in the receiver, she pulled her pants down and reached under my girl’s pink panties to rub her muff while she pulled her tank top up so the MILF could grab her tits! I walked out and stared down, there was my beautiful girlfriend with her legs spread wide open, getting her muff eaten out by the hot next door mature neighbor! Pulled my girl’s pink panties to aside, older woman slipped her tongue down young yummy juicy slit. The look on my girl’s face said it all and I understood her lust for older women! Watching another girl tongue fucking my girlfriend’s wet slit made me hard. I joined them downstairs, mesmerized as the naked woman grabbed my dick and stroked it hard and the girls gave me a double blowjob! The old gal actually fucked my cock, holding the head of my girlfriend with both hands amd moving it back and forth. I couldn’t wait any longer to sink my hard cock deep into one of the dripping wet pussies. My girlfriend bent over and the mature lady guided my dick into her wet twat, watching as I fucked her, she couldn’t wait for her turn to taste my hard cock in her pussy and ass and I couldn’t wait to fuck a MILF! The girls took turns getting their pussies pounded, I fucked them with enough force in all possible positions. I finished up by glazing both their pretty faces with man juice. The older woman showed my girl how she should finish making love to me. Horny woman used her hands and lips to make me cum right in girl’s mouth. My girl eagerly took my cum in her mouth, and then spread the sticky juices all over the woman’s face. 