This sexy blonde college babe wanted to film a naughty video for her guy who would be away at a different college on a road game. She was feeling horny since her man had been gone more than a week. She decided to make a naughty little video for him right in her dorm room! Wearing just a football jersey and her panties, half naked girl dances in front of her camera for him, grinding her ass and showing off her fantastic titties. Then she slips off her cum soaked panties and starts playing with her naked pussy on camera. Sexy naked girl masturbates for her man, telling him how much she misses his huge dick and the way he fucks her pussy and ass and sends the video. She finger fucked her little pussy like a true freak and even had an intense orgasm on film. They finally meet a few days later, and he’s so excited to see her after jerking off to her video, he wants to fuck her as soon as possible! Unfortunately (or fortunately for us!) the dorm room was occupied by her roommates. They scoped out a few places at campus and found some trees near a field where a group was playing Lacrosse in the distance. She was like a hot college slut that was ready to have sex in public with her boyfriend because he’d been away at college for months and she not seen him. She’s wearing the same football jersey, bending over behind a tree so he can ram his dick up her wet, tight cunt from behind. He tells her to pull the jersey up so he can admire her fabulous teen ass while pumping her with dick meat and watching his team practice yards away from them. The fact that they could get caught fucking in the college park makes them hornier than shit and you can tell by the way he bangs her and how she keeps begging for more! You can hear the players practicing in the background, as the college hottie bobs up and down on that dick. His naked girlfriend wants to completely fulfill his fantasy of sex in a public place. Her pink panties are pulled to the side and she can hardly hold on to the tree now, she must have scratched the bark with her knees in sheer pleasure of getting fucked in the park by her boyfriend’s big dick while the team practices! Of course, when you’re in public, it’s not always the most ideal place to bust a nut, but her guy pulls his throbbing dick out and sprays his cum all over her face! The guys on the field are watching!!! This is one WILD video you don’t want to miss! WATCH the full video here:   CRAZY COLLEGE GIRLFRIENDS – the name of the site says it all! Crazy College Girls offers you college sex videos featuring real amateur girlfriends doing it all! Teen sluts caught on film sucking dick, masturbating on the bus, having hot lesbian sex in the locker room, getting bent over and fucked at the park, seducing their professors, showing off naked ass in a classroom during an exam, trying anal play with naked roommates and so much more! These naughty college girls will do whatever it takes to pass their courses and be popular on Campus, even if it means being the sluttiest co-eds in town! Here the girls get fucked, cummed on and exposed in hardcore real amateur videos, with new girls and updates added all the time! This is simply the best porn site with college sex videos!