What about fucking in the classroom during a break? Yes, you heard it right! This is a great P.O.V. sex video that definitely deserves to be this week’s winner! This sexy girl looks hot as hell in her school blouse complete with tight little mini skirt that hugs her curves beautifully. In addition having a sex in a classroom is a little different from the typical sex scenes! Our submitter says: I took my camera to classes just the other day and I was filming my gorgeous girlfriend and she started getting all worked up and flustered by the fact that we were all alone in the classroom and her ultimate sex fantasy was fucking on top of the desk right in the class when everyone left the class during a break! My sexy girlfriend confused at first, she was hesitant, but I convinced her we could erase the video later. In no time, she was being frisky. She unbuckled my belt, went down on her knees and began sucking my hard cock with a huge smile on her face. She gave my dick a good sucking without worrying about being caught. Even if we would’ve been caught in the middle, I doesn’t think I could’ve stopped. She stroked my throbbing shaft and licked my balls, bending over the desk and pulling down her pink panties, lifting her mini skirt to expose her fine, tight bubble butt. I jammed my stiff dick between her pussy lips and fucked her hard from behind, she was so fucking wet and tight, man! I even stuck my thumb up her asshole while I penetrated her, she loves that dirty stuff! So there we were, doggie style fucking in the classroom and she kept checking out the door, wondering if somebody would walk in and catch us red handed, and turning over to watch me, her face blushed and her eyes sparkling, her pussy getting tighter as I pumped her faster and harder. I stroked that pussy deep and hard, and she loved it! She worked those hips and that pussy like a champ. Was she worried about getting caught having sex in the classroom? Fuck no. She was grabbing on tight to the desk and grinding her ass against my crotch and after a few final pumps in her tight pussy I was ready to blow my load, so she got back on her knees and opened her mouth real wide so I could shoot my load down her throat! I released a huge cum load right in her mouth. What did she do with the cum in her mouth when all returned?   When the guy heard he could get paid for his amateur sex video, he quickly came up with a plan to submit a video to GF Revenge. Do you want to watch the full 20-minute video? This is a super hot video that I’m sure will be an instant hit in your porn collection! GF Revenge is the place to be! This is the porn site your girlfriend doesn’t want you to watch! Maybe she’s afraid you will prefer these sexy amateur girlfriends sucking dick and taking it up the ass than her, or maybe she’s afraid you will bump into some of the homemade porn videos she filmed with her ex! This is the spot where naughty teen girlfriends and ex-girlfriends alike take off all their clothes and show their guys how much they really love them, letting them film them fully naked or while they fuck, masturbate and have hot lesbian sex with their best friends and upload it to the web for everybody to watch and jerk off to! Enjoy!