Is there anything more hotter than a threesome sex scene with two naked girls? Having two girls at once? Seriously, who doesn’t want to enjoy a couple of girls pleasuring your throbbing cock and each other at the same time? Imagine walking into a room to find your naked girlfriend making out with her best friend on the couch, and feeling no problems joining in on the fun! At GF Revenge there are plenty of homemade videos showing off hot girlfriends having a good time with their guys and their best friends. I can’t get enough of these amateur threesome sex scenes where two naked girls share one dick. Today I have another super hot film for your viewing pleasure: Fucking my girlfriend and her best friend in a threesome! I love it when my hot girlfriend is sucking my dick and the last thing I want is a distraction, but it seemed like whoever was knocking at our door had no intention of leaving. My girl stopped blowing my dick and went to see who it was and it turned out to be her best friend, Jazzmine. Dude, she picked the worst moment to come for a visit, or did she? As it turns out, my girlfriend and her sexy friend had been preparing a very special surprise for me and the blowjob was just a teaser for a kinky threesome! The girls stripped naked in front of me and the horny bestie parted my girl’s legs, diving into her muff! The girls told me to stop filming but they soon warmed up to the idea of amateur sex video. Watching two naked babes have hot lesbian sex and seeing my GF eating another girl out had my dick hard as a rock! The girls came over, laid me down on the couch so they could deliver me a hot double blowjob and ball sucking! They dropped to their knees, with the hot brunette gobbling up my throbbing cock and my girl watching! I have always dreamed of having two naked girls sucking my dick! The girls sucked my cock together while I recorded my own amateur porn video. We moved to the couch and I began fucking my girlfriend, first in missionary and then from behind while she bent over. My girls kneeled on the edge of the couch side by side so that I could pleasure both of their pink pussies! It was awesome, alternating between their wet pussies as the girls exchanged kisses and played with each other’s clitoris. Jazzmine wanted dick too, and I really wanted to fuck her! She bent over and I rammed her from behind, so turned on having my girl watching us fuck! Jazzmine’s ass was perfect and her pussy so tight, I fucked her hoping my girl didn’t notice I was enjoying it too much, lol! I just couldn’t wait to blow my load over them both! I finally reached my limit and blew cum load all over them both in a dual facial! At the end the girls sucked the cum right out of my cock to the last drop!   GF Revenge shows you how wild, naughty and slutty these ex-girlfriends can be! Their boyfriends got dumped, but they held on to the precious XXX sex tapes and homemade nude pictures of their former girlfriends and now they are ready to share them with you right here! Watch these naughty ex-girlfriends and sexy girlfriends taking off their clothes, dropping to their knees to suck dick, lick balls and eat pussy! These girlfriends fuck, suck, take it up the ass and swallow all the hot cum their boyfriends give them! New homemade videos and amateur girlfriends are added all the time, so don’t miss out and join today!