College is a great life experience, especially for young girls that are just beginning to discover and explore their sexuality, and this sexy coed in particular has discovered, in the few months she’s been here, that she has one hell of an exhibitionist side! Her friends and class mates are always challenging to show off her body, her tits and ass in public settings and she is eager to please. She loves getting pictures and videos taken of it, and masturbates at night watching them over and over, what a perverted little bitch! Today, the super naughty college coed got challenged by her classmates; they dared her to show her naked ass in the classroom, smack in the middle of her Ethics class! The professor is distracted and her classmates have their smartphone cameras ready as she gets up and walks towards the professor’s desk, pulling her skirt up and her panties down in the process, exposing her fantastic bubble butt! She pulls down her panties revealing that round, ripe, delicious ass and her naked pussy to the whole class. She leans over the desk and asks the professor some questions; while the class keeps snapping pictures of her naked butt! Some of them are even getting video footage of this, you can imagine the surprised look on the professor’s face when he sees these while surfing porn at night! We bet he’s going to share the videos with all his horny professor friends on Campus! It is one of the sexiest pranks I’ve ever seen before, you won’t want to miss this naughty college coed in the full length film!   Don’t miss more crazy college girls in porn! The hottest, sexiest and crazies college girlfriends doing incredible things on camera! See hot college girls having sex in their dorm rooms, giving head and getting fucked rigth in the college library, college diner, on the college classroom floor, at the park where a group is playing Lacrosse in the distance, celebrating their graduation day on campus, any place that is suitable for spontaneous sex. Believe, you’ve NEVER SEEN college porn like this before! That why here at Crazy College GFs you will find the hottest and craziest real amateur girlfriends enjoying the best sex while they are at Campus and far away from their loving boyfriends!