Sexy blonde college coed makes a homemade video for her BF! This sexy blonde college coed wanted to make a special video for her BF who is in another college! She sets up her webcam and gives him a warm hello, showing her fine body in a tight black tank top and pink panties. She knows he misses her big tits, so she pulls the top down and shows him her boob, with that delicious puffy nipple already hardening up. She pulls the top over them so she can squeeze, grope and massage them in front of the webcam. She feels a tingle in her crotch and she knows her snatch is already getting wet and her pink cotton panties will be drenched in pussy juice in no time. She pulls her tits to her mouth and licks her nipples before turning over, stripping naked and showing her BF her fabulous bubble shaped ass. After being without bf’s big dick for such a long time, there is no way she can resist. She is feeling naughty enough to make a little video for her man. Hot girl gets super turned on and wet thinking about her man, so she starts rubbing her naked pussy on the dorm bed to get herself even more into it. She pulls the pink panties to the side, exposing her meaty, tender pussy lips and leans back, spreading her legs wide open as she masturbates in front of the camera for her boyfriend to watch and jerk off to! She’s having such a great time playing with herself, imagining that her boyfriend is stroking his hard cock at the other side of the camera, this turns her on so much, she can feel her orgasm getting closer and closer as she rubs and finger fucks her tight pussy with more intensity! She thought it would be a good little surprise to send him this sexy video of her masturbating in the dorm room. Her firm ass and her teen pussy look so ripe and ready for the pounding! I’m sure after watching this dorm masturbation video, her man must’ve rushed back home to please his hot girlfriend in person himself. She is one of the sexiest and cutest girls I’d ever see. She is a true gem. Don’t miss more amateur masturbation videos with hot college girls here:   If you wanna bust a nut while watching 100% real college coeds going bananas, sucking dick, getting fucked, enjoying anal sex, hardcore action, lesbian sex, masturbation, dildos, sex toys, sex parties, threesomes and orgies in the dorm room, you need to tune in to Crazy College GFs because they have it all covered! Wild college girls leave their boyfriends behind promising to be true and faithful, at least until their first dorm room sex bash! Watch them go wild, get naked and fuck until the crack of dawn, they all get exposed here! New videos and girls added all the time, don’t miss out!