WOW. She is one fine GF we are into to right from the start. Her boyfriend proposed her to make a sextape right there on the couch while her parents were out. In no time, she was being frisky and flashing her naked ass to the camera. Her bf says: I went over to my sexy girlfriend’s home while her parents were out, taking my camcorder in toll, so I could film a hot amateur porn film starting her! Terribly turned on by the scenario, she stripped naked in the living room while I filmed her. When she turned around and showed off that hot booty, I went into a sexual trance! She flashed her naked pussy on camera, and I totally lost control and wasn’t going to stop until I’d gotten into that dripping wet pussy. I sat down by the dinner table and spread my legs as my hot girlfriend crawled between them, ready to suck on my hard cock. She sucked it while playing with my balls, looking at the camera as I slapped my dick against her outstretched tongue. Yes, my babe loves to play with my big cock using her mouth. I could imagine her folks walking in on us and that just made my dick harder and bigger! After blowing my dick and licking my balls, my naked babe spread herself on the couch she watches TV with her folks in, and masturbated for the camera! My naughty gf loves to touch herself while I watch. She fingered her pussy and rubbed her clit with a couple of fingers bring herself to a quick climax. I got a nice close up shot of her tender pussy and I made her turn over and get down on all fours so I could bang her from behind, doggie style. I couldn’t take it anymore and started stroking that pussy. She loved it, you can tell by the expression on her face, and she enjoyed getting her cunt fucked in missionary position too. Still on the couch, she straddled herself on top of my throbbing erection and rode me like a seasoned cowgirl slut. She is an absolute freak in bed and fucks like no other girl. As usual her pussy was volcanically HOT! She told me she wanted me to cum on her face, but just to make sure I didn’t get any cum on the cushions! Amazing homemade sextape! Don’t miss a minute of this insane action, as she gets worked and takes a mouth full of cum, download the full video here:   Don’t miss more homemade sextapes with hot ex girlfriends! If your girlfriend is a slut, or your ex-girlfriend was a cheating whore, it’s likely you will find here right here at GF Revenge! Hey, it’s even more likely you were the guy that filmed her and uploaded her XXX homemade porn movie to the site so everybody else can watch it! This is the place where dirty girlfriends and cheating exgirlfriends get exposed when their pictures and videos are shared online. Watch them stripping naked, sucking dick, getting fucked in every position and taking hot loads of cum on their faces, open mouths and sexy bodies!