What about sex outdoors? I love naked girls, but having sex outside with a nude girl it’s much better! Take your girlfriend to a local park, bring a blanket, get naked and rely on Mother Nature for cover! It’s amazing to make love with each other out there surrounded by mother nature. Check out this naughty couple, they are on vacation and decided to explore a local park and try outdoor sex for the very first time! Hot, naked couple fucking outdoors! Man and girl strip then have sex on the blanket. Fortunately his girlfriend never stopped to consider how her boyfriend would hand the video over to GF Revenge when they broke up. This blond is gorgeous and super curvy and her breast looks amazing. She’s a spunky blonde and the fantasy of outdoors sex is a real turn on for her. When these two realized they were pretty much alone in the park, the guy pointed out it was a perfect opportunity to try outdoor sex, his gf agreed and flashed her perfect tits and naked pussy for the camera. She makes sure no one is around spying on them, in no time, she removes her pink top to bare her magnificent tits. She removes her tight denim shorts too, spreads her legs and rubs her muff while her couple watches amazed and excited. Naked girl gets down on all fours, shaking her tight bubble butt and getting ready to be penetrated doggie style. That naked ass is beautiful! Then lying back on the blanket with her legs spread open wide, nude girl plays with her pussy in front of her horny boyfriend and gets super horny. In no time he starts stroking that pussy deep, and his GF forgets all about the camera. His dick is so big and hard and feels so fucking good inside her, pumping her cunt! She loves getting fucked from behind just as much as in missionary position, where her man can fondle her big melons. Her BF pounds her pussy good, as her big ass bounce all around. Naked girl turns over onto her back and he pounds his cock in her wet pussy, without a worry about being seen. In this video we also get very nice closeups of her pussy as naked girl spreads open wide and rubs her pussy. He pulls back, watching her rub her muff and she finishes her man off with a hot handjob that makes him blow his hot, creamy load all over her beautiful face and open mouth! If you’ve ever fantasized about having sex outdoors, then this amateur sextape, is definitely for you. Watch the whole half hour video here:   GF Revenge is 100% real amateur girls getting exposed in front of the cameras! Their boyfriends and ex-boyfriends got them to strip naked and fuck in front of the cameras and submitted these homemade porn footage here so you can jerk off to it! Watch these naked girls stroke and suck hard cocks until their mouths are filled to the brim with loads of hot cum! See the girls masturbating with sex toys, shoving dildos up their butt holes and having hard lesbian sex while their boyfriends watch and film them! There’s plenty of other sexy surprises. This is the best real amateur smut on the web! You won’t want to miss these incredible amateur sex videos.