Sexy brunette gets a vibrating power orgasm massage from her female masseuse! I can never get enough of Orgasm Massage. Petter Hegre doesn’t fail to disappoint in his new movie. Would you like to know the secrets of the pussy massage, that will bring any girl to her orgasm? This massage therapist is about to do things with her hands and sex toys that will bring any girl to a powerful orgasm. Boys watch and learn, girls relax and let yourself go in the hands of this expert masseuse. By the way, you won’t want to miss more massage videos (Multiple Orgasm Massage, Vaginal Massage, Ejaculation Massage, The Art of Pussy Pleasuring…), click the link above. Ever heard of a vibrating power orgasm massage? Get ready to find out what it’s all about! Fully naked, this beautiful brunette babe lays belly flat over the massage table, she doesn’t know what a vibrating power orgasm massage is either, but she certainly wants to find out. Her masseuse arrives, nothing sexier than a hot girl giving another hot girl a sensual massage! She oils up her hands and passes them all over her client’s naked skin, oiling up her back, her legs and her tight ass. Her hands make swift passes inches from her naked pussy, parting her pussy lips, exposing her wet slit and her tight asshole as he works up the crack of her ass. Still caressing her bare body with one hand, she gives her client a focused vaginal stimulation, rubbing up and down her pussy with the palm of her hand, feeling how wet and hot she gets. She spreads her legs and keeps stimulating her, her fingers digging inside her pussy, finger fucking her gently. Keeping her pussy lips parted with her fingers, she applies the magic wand to her clitoris! The stimulation is so much, her body tenses, her back arches, her breathing intensifies! She fucks her pussy with her fingers, stimulating her clit with the vibrator. She can’t wait to watch her client as her body spasms and she reaches the first of an incredible series of amazing orgasms! Only a few lucky women are able to experience G-spot orgasm. Our expert masseuse knows how help a girl in achieving orgasm. 