My sexy blonde and brown haired girlfriend loves to have sex, and when I told her that I wanted to put together a sex tape, she said of course. So, I took out the video camera and started filming her, and she put on quite a show. She went to her knees, and within seconds took my cock out on my pants and started sucking my hard cock. She gives one of the best blowjobs around, and she can take my cock down her throat like no other girl I have ever been with. She continued to suck me harder and harder until I blew cum all over her face and she loved the video. My girlfriend has a sweet little mouth that is just too good and tight, so I busted a warm facial of cum all over her gorgeous face. She didn’t seem to mind! I never thought about it before, but it seems my girlfriend really loves a sperm rain! With a cum drenched mouth, she gave a big smile and blew a kiss to the camera. The next night, she wanted more, and I took out the camera, and she wanted me to film her getting fucked doggiestyle. She pulled down her white panties to reveal that smoking hot ass and sweet tight pussy. She was so damn fine! She started to rub her wet tiny pussy, that got her horny. I couldn’t wait any longer and planted my erect dick deep in her tight twat doggy style. I fucked her tight pussy good, and my cock slid in and out of her pussy so nicely. I grabbed onto her ass as I fucked her pussy and she moaned in pleasure from the intense sex. See how she looks back at me during the action, and you can tell how much she loved the fucking from behind. I decided to not leave my girl without oral pleasure too. I turned her over, spread her legs and started kissing her mound, her little clit, her sweet pussy lips, dived my tongue inside her sweet vagina. I took my time pleasuring her yummy pussy, she loved my tongue but she wasn’t satisfied yet, though! I spread her legs with both hands and slided my cock into my woman. She loved my cock inside her, and loved it even more as the camera was rolling. I grabbed onto her tits, squeezed her nipples, and gave her the most incredible orgasm she had ever gotten from a man. Well, you can just imagine how I finished, and I sprayed her with a load that is awesome to watch and see. Enjoy the full scene, and see my girlfriends first sex tape, and many more to come if all goes well. Or great ransom if she leaves me.   This is great amateur porn for sure! Have you ever made any crazy sex tapes with your girlfriend? I sure she will warm up to the camera and the idea of an amateur sextape. When hot amateur couples break out their video cameras and cell phone cameras in the bedroom, it can only lead to hot sex. Sexy amateurs love to show off their sexuality in front of their men, and suck cock, get fucked hard, and give their men the sex show of their dreams, and all on camera. This site has the greatest collection of hot amateur action with sexy couples, and its all raw, intense, and full of hardcore fun. See the hottest girlfriends suck a cock, get covered in cum, and do it in the dorm, the bedroom, outdoors, and much more!!!