When this amateur video started, the sexy girl was being filmed in the car. Her boyfriend asked her to flash her beautiful tits right there in the car. Why not? She pulled down her top and revealed two lovely boobs. Back at the house, he talked his GF show the rest of her body to the camera. In no time, she took off all her clothes, got on her knees and asked her boyfriend nailed her ass from behind. He pounded that soft pink pussy in all possible poses until they both cum. Here is submitted video from her bf or now ex-bf: Filming my sexy brunette girlfriend while she sucks my dick and lets me fuck her hard! I told my sexy girlfriend that I wanted to make an amateur sex tape with her as the main star! She liked the idea but told me she was afraid it would end up all over the web, like Kim K’s sex tape! I promised her that this homemade sex video would be just for me, nut I had my fingers crossed behind my back, bitch! I started filming her in her car, with her popping down her tank top and giving me a glimpse of her delicious tits and perky nipples. My dick was already hard as we got inside our home and I played with her tits while filming her sexy face and body. She strip teased for me and the camera, stripping down to her red thong, its G-string digging into the crack of her sexy ass, so fucking hot, dudes! Her sexy thong virtually disappeared between her yummy cheeks. My sexy girl sat down on the couch and tended to my hard cock, popping it inside her wet mouth and giving me a delicious blowjob, licking my balls and drooling all over my shaft. This really got us both hot, and I just started stroking her dripping wet pussy right there in doggy style! I bent her over the couch, pulling the g-string from her ass crack and to the side, burying my dick deep inside her soaking wet pussy, banging my baby doggie style and filming her tight, juicy bubble butt slapping against my sweaty balls. Of course my girlfriend forgot all about the camera. I fucked her in missionary position too, rubbing her clit and ready to cum all over her! She was loving it, so she got on all fours with her ass high in the air and I stuck my still erect cock deep into my hot girlfriend for a second time. I pounded her ass from behind until she couldn’t hold back a powerful orgasm. The second time I released my seed deep in her vagina. My sexy naked girlfriend simply opened her pussy lips waiting to be filled with my cum that leave her completely satisfied. Enjoy guys!   GF Revenge is the hottest site on the web for amateur girlfriend porn and hot ex-girlfriend XXX action! Our users submit us the best homemade porn movies, featuring their sexy girlfriends and cheating ex-girlfriends stripping naked, dropping to their knees to suck some cock, bending over so they can get fucked hard, enjoying intense anal sex, masturbation, lesbian action, dildo fucking and the most explosive facial cumshots and wild sex parties, threesomes and more! These super sexy and freaky girls do incredible things on camera! They got it all on tape and now they are sharing it with us! Watch new hardcore amateur videos and sexy real life girlfriends every week!