Sexy brunette hitchhiker sucks my dick and lets me fuck her for a hitch! This sexy babe was hitchhiking by the side of the road when I spotted her and asked if she needed a ride. She was running late and the bus she was traveling in broke down, and she can’t wait for it to get fixed. Well, I told her I could get her where she needed to go and in time, but it was gonna cost her… you know what I’m talking about! I couldn’t remember the last time a sexy hitchhiker gave me head in my car but this babe was ready to provide me with new memories! I pulled over by the side of the road and with a very dirty look in her face, she crawled between my legs, took my throbbing dick in her soft hands and went down on me. She slurped on my dick and was so turned on, taking off her pants and turning over to show me her fabulous bubble butt and tender snatch, already dripping wet and ready for my fingers to explore it! After thumbing her cunt, she squatted on top of my erection and got her pussy impaled on it, bouncing up and down with me on the driver’s seat! I rubbed her clit as she placed her legs over the dashboard and rode me harder, faster and deeper! She turned over and rode me cowgirl style, begging me to fuck every single hole in her hitchhiker body and to blow my load deep in her vagina. It was great to enjoy the view of big gobs of white cum literally oozing out of her vagina when she lean back with her legs open. I like pussy creampie, mmm! What a ride! Hitch Hiking Porn Videos! At Stranded Teens, hitchhiking girls get the ride of their lives! If you enjoy busting a nut to intense outdoor porn action starring hot amateur girls in need of a ride, this site is just for you! These gorgeous teen girls are hitchhiking their way to success and they will do anything, and I mean anything for a ride! If you give them a hitch and take them to their next destination, they know the right way to reward you, dropping to their knees to suck your hard cock, letting you fuck their pussy and ass before blowing your load all over their faces! DON’T FORGET TO WATCH THE FULL MOVIE. 