My wife and I are one horny couple! We love having sex, experimenting and trying new stuff out and while we were visiting a cozy town during a weekend road trip, my sexy wife noticed this beautiful hitchhiking teen by the side of the road. She really needed a ride and hopped on board and we hit it off right off the bat! She was turned on by the incredible sexual chemistry between my wife and I and was eager to join in on the fun! We wanted to see her tits so she pulled her top down and showed us her beautiful bare breasts. Her nipples were already hard and erect like meaty darts! I took her hand and guided it to my crotch so she could feel my bulge and she smiled a wicked smile. My wife was getting it all filmed from the backseat and the hitchhiker asked me to pull over. She bent over by the passenger door and hiked up her skirt and I popped my throbbing dick up her tight teen cunt that was already dripping! Her teen bald pussy was totally open for me. I fucked her tight snatch while groping her titties, with my hot wife asking me if I liked banging her! She dropped to her knees and sucked my dick, with my wife giving us a helping hand, stroking my wand while the hitchhiker gobbled it down! I bent our naked teen girl over again and rammed by rod up her juicy snatch, watching her panties dangling around her knees, this made her look so fucking hot and slutty! I laid on the ground and she hopped on top, bouncing up and down on my stiff dick and got back on her knees, ready to suck my rod some more while my wife jerked me so I could unload my creamy cum all over the hitchhiker’s mouth! This will be one ride she’ll always remember, baby! Don’t miss more amateur sex videos here:   Hitch hiking porn videos at Stranded Teens! What happens when beautiful and sexy teens get lost and are stranded on the lone highway with nowhere to turn, and will do ANYTHING to get home or where they need to go? Well, these girls turn to doing anything, including having sex, kissing, giving blowjobs, and having group sex to get on their way home. StrandedTeens features a huge collection of stranded teens who are stuck, in need of help, and are looking for a way home. To get home, the girls will get naked, perform the most hardcore of sex actions, and give their rescuers the best time ever. These sexy just turned legal teens are full of sexual energy. There are no limits to what they will do to get home. If you see a sexy stranded teen on the highway, make sure you tell her to visit Stranded Teens and see what she will do to get home.