So, I was driving around town and I spotted this young girl holding a huge sign that read “Need a Ride!” Hey, I’m always up for helping out a damsel in distress, more so if she’s got a hot body and a naughty attitude and is willing to reward her knight in shining armor for saving her and giving her a ride to her place of destination! I was amazed that despite her hotness, nobody was giving her a ride, but I had to act fast before somebody beat me to the chase! I pulled over and she stuck her head through the passenger window, fuck, she looked even hotter up close and I was already getting a hard-on just by looking at her face! She was so sweet, there was no way I wasn’t giving this babe a ride, even if I didn’t get to fuck her, seriously! The cute teen hopped aboard and we took off and hit it off, things couldn’t work out any better! The conversation was getting pretty steamy and she was sending me all the right signals, staring at the bulge between my legs and asking to pull over so she could take care of it! Young girl pulled my pants down and began sucking and stroking my huge erection! She immediately swallowed my cock, her little sweet mouth was amazing, with both her talented tongue and her soft fingers. We pulled over between some parked vehicles and she dropped to her knees on the pavement, giving me head and telling me she was going to reward my kindness! She hiked up her skirt, wearing no panties beneath and straddled herself on my hard cock for a wicked ride! Is there anything better than a young tight teen pussy? Her teen pussy squeezed my cock so hard it felt like she was going to pull my cock off. Then I buried my dick deep into her dripping wet pussy from behind. Fucking on the hood of a car outdoors, I’ve never tried it before. Watch me cum in her mouth after fucking her hard against my car! After reaching the point of no return I pulled out at the last moment to release my love juice in her open mouth. What a dirty bitch! Don’t miss the hottest outdoor porn at Stranded Teens. 18+ young girls hitchhiking and begging to get picked up for some raw sex. 