My girlfriend is a cheerleader and there is nothing I enjoy more than having sex with her while she’s still wearing her tight cheerleader outfit! Since she practices almost every day, we pretty much fuck like rabbits! My hot girl just came by from practice and I already have her top pulled up, exposing her big tits while she sucks my hard dick and licks my shaved balls while leaning back over the couch’s arm rest! Her ruffled miniskirt is hiked up, her panties are long gone and her tight muff is dripping wet as she gives me head. She pulls back before her gag reflex betrays her, stroking my cock and getting it lubed up with her drool before deepthroating my erection again, all the way down to the base! I’m sure, there’s nothing more delicious to taste for my girl that my huge cock, she like it! She takes off her outfit and I dive between her legs, sinking my tongue in her wet gash and eating her out. Her pussy is shaved and it feels so fucking soft as I devour her. Do you like eating pussy? I’ve always loved giving my girlfriend oral! Her juicy slit is so yummy. Within moments her pussy is nice and wet. Now she is ready and can’t wait! My naked girlfriend looks really amazing lying on her back with her legs open. I penetrate her and begin fucking her hard, she rubs her clit to stimulate herself even more, begging me to fuck her very hard, very deep and very fast, a winning combo! My naked cheerleader turns over on the couch so I can bang her from behind, doggie style fucking is a real turn on for the both of us, more so when we’re doing it on the couch. Her juicy bubble butt smacks against my dick and balls while I’m drilling her and she buries her face between the pillows drowning out her screams of sheer lust and pleasure! I turn her over again so I can fuck her while checking out her titties bouncing up and down and she knows I’m almost ready to cum and drench her face and tits with my hot spunk! Yes, I want to give my hot girlfriend a creamy treat, so I pull out and bust a huge portion of fresh cum right on her cute face and her sexy naked body! Go team! This is one hot GFRevenge video you will not want to miss in action:   Girlfriends can be hot and sexy, but they can also be cheating whores and ungrateful sluts, but don’t worry, because if that’s the case. GF Revenge has got your back! This is the place on the web where users submit raunchy homemade sex tapes and amateur porn videos featuring and starring their hot girls and hot ex-girlfriends. See them stripping naked, sucking dick, taking it up the ass, masturbating, having hot lesbian sex with their best friends and getting covered in loads of hot cum! The girls never imagined they’d end up exposed on the web this way! They are amateurs, but these girls are hot, they do incredible things on camera!!!