Hot coed sucking my dick and letting me cum all over her face at a Spring Break pool party! It’s Spring Break and I’m having fun at this beach party filled with beer and hot coeds and after chatting with this sexy college girl I already have her sucking my hard cock by the pool! She was in a tiny bikini that practically exposed her sweet pussy and titties. She’s got dark hair and bright eyes, tiny hands and a delicious cock sucking mouth! She drools all over my throbbing dick to keep it lubed while giving me head and the fact that everybody else at the party can watch us makes me even hornier! She was not camera shy at all sucking my cock in public! This crazy college girl was a freak, and she sucked my dick like only true hot college girls could, slobbing away at that knob right there in front of her college friends. I have never had sex in public before and I wanted to completely fulfill the fantasy of sex in a public place. This is fucking hot, but as turned on as I am, having so many eyes on me is making it hard for me to cum, and I really want to bust a nut all over this sexy chick’s face, man! I ask her if we can go to a quieter place and she guides me to a nearby restroom. Here, the naughty college coed drops to her knees and goes back to slurping on my big, hard cock, licking my balls and jerking my shaft. She’s taking me closer and closer to the point of no return, and as I pull away from her open mouth, stroking my hard shaft, I start to cum, splattering loads of hot sticky semen that splatter all over that sweat soaked face of hers! She looks beautiful with my cum all over her, semen dripping down her cheeks, nose and chin, with her tongue picking it up and guzzling it down! She cleans my dick and balls with her smooth tongue and we get back to the party. We are both still turned on, but this college party is just getting started. Lucky guy kept flirting with her and told her he’d love to fuck with her, see her fully naked together with her sexy friends. She told him that she was horny and wanted to get with him later that night. Who knows, maybe we’ll have a threesome or foursome with some of her dirty coed friends in a while!   College coeds don’t just like sex, they love sex in public places, sex orgies, and they love having sex as often as humanly possible. Throughout colleges around the country, hot girls are getting naked, spreading their legs, and giving blowjobs to guys whenever they feel like it. No limit sex is had for these hot coeds, and at Crazy College Girlfriends, the site captures all the facials, group orgies, and gangbangs one could ever imagine. These naked girls are going crazy, and will show off getting fucked on the campus grounds, in the library, in the closed classroom, at the pool party, near a field where a group was playing Lacrosse in the distance… anywhere else they can get their pretty bodies fucked. The site has hundreds of amateur videos and pictures for viewing, and these hot girls just show it off right. If you enjoy sexy college coeds having their bodies fucked and giving blowjobs, then CrazyCollegeGFs is truly your best site ever.