It’s always wonderful to bring our viewers a hot threesome with a couple of naked girls! Here is one more amateur homemade video with two hot girls! Having a hot threesome with my roommate and her boyfriend! I love my roommate, but living with another person 24/7 can sometimes get chaotic, especially when I can’t use the bathroom for hours because my friend and her boyfriend just love fucking there! I know she loves to suck his dick in the bathroom. She tells me it’s not so, and I decided to catch them in the act. I grabbed my camera and waited for the right moment and as predicted, there they were, with her down on her knees half naked and him totally naked, and fully erect I must note, while she was sucking his cock! I had mixed emotions, I confess, I was happy that I caught them, pissed that they were actually doing what I thought, but also kinda excited because this guy’s cock was fucking hot! Yeah, she promised they’d be more mindful of my bathroom needs, but this guy still had a raging erection that would not subdue, so what the fuck, I let her finish the job and while I had my camera in hand, I filmed them! I didn’t expect what happened next, for her to invite me to take her place and give her boyfriend head! I dropped to my knees and popped his boner in my mouth, looking at the camera with a big smile on my face. I was not going to pretend I did not love this twist! My roomie joined me and we gave this guy the hottest shared double blowjob! He didn’t mind of course, as two pairs of sweet mouths caressed the head of his dick. We enjoyed his delicious dick for quite some time, kissing, sucking, licking it with our tongues together. Then my roommate and I had hot lesbian sex on his request! We were fully naked in the bedroom, eager to share our passion, we took turns eagerly licking and finger fucking each others wet pussies! I spread her legs wide open, and started licking her slit! I’ve never tasted a pussy before and it was amazing. The best part came when her boyfriend bent me over and penetrated me from behind, beginning to fuck my dripping wet twat! At first my sexy roomie just watched as her boyfriend fucked me hard from behind and then she came up and started sucking my nipples! Finally he pulled out and sprayed his cum all over me! He couldn’t stop there, though! He switched up to his girlfriend, he turned her around and banged her hard from behind while she was eating the sticky cum out of my pussy!!! It was a usual morning that turned into a hot threesome with my roommates! I guess now I won’t really be complaining that much whenever they are fucking in the bathroom, I’ll just join them! DON’T MISS THE FULL 30 minute FILM here:   At heart and soul, every single girlfriend is a potential slut, and GF Revenge is where they all end up when they fulfill their calling in life. Here you can see user submitted videos featuring the hottest ex-girlfriends filmed while sucking cock and getting fucked hard by their boyfriends, back when they were still together and in love. These naughty girls let them film them in amateur action and the ex-boyfriends held on tight to their homemade sex tapes and now they are exposing them on the web, because nothing’s as hot as knowing everybody can jerk off to your naughty ex-girlfriends movies having lesbian sex, a hot threesome, masturbating with a dildo or taking it up the ass for the very first time! You know what they say, don’t get mad, get even! Come on over to GF Revenge and bust a nut to hot amateur girlfriends in insane and uncensored hardcore action caught on tape!