Submitted homemade video of a sexy black girlfriend getting a sensational cum shower! When her boyfriend asked to see her naked pussy, she spread her legs, pulled her panties to aside and her thong showed off that sweet teen pussy. Fortunately she wasn’t very camera-shy, as she rubbed her pussy on his camera and pulled out her sweet brown titties. It didn’t take long to get her to agree to a freaky sex session on camera! Her lucky BF did what any man would and hit that black teen pussy from the back in doggy style not forgetting about the camera! His black girlfriend is so hot! Girl, you can be sure that your true talents are in the adult film industry! Her boyfriend submits the video says: My sexy black girlfriend is spread legged on the floor, with her pink panties parted to the side and her mocha tits pulled over her bra, rubbing her pink twat in front of me to get my dick hard, she knows that gets the job done, baby! I love watching her masturbate, especially when she’s just got her nails done and her fingers look so damn sexy as she inserts them deep inside her pink twat. My dick is already as hard as a fucking rock, so she gets down on her knees as I pull my pants down and she grabs my throbbing cock, stroking it lovingly and taking it to her wet mouth so she can give me an awesome blowjob. She drools all over the top and picks it up as it drips down the bottom with her silky tongue! Then my naked girlfriend sits on my face so I can eat her out as she continues working on my dick, stroking and sucking it. She gets up and walks towards the bedroom and I follow her with our camera in tow, we just love filming ourselves whenever we fuck. She gets down on all fours on the edge of the bed and lifts her tight juicy brown bubble shaped ass up in midair so I can fuck her from behind as she presses her face and tits against the mattress, grabbing on tight to the sheets! I flip her over like a burger so I can pound her shaved muff in missionary! My hot girlfriend wants me to give her a sensational cum shower; you know you don’t turn down requests like these! I blow my load all over her ebony face and caramel body!   