Banging and filming my hot blonde girlfriend before leaving to college! I’m going off to college and my girlfriend has a few concerns. She knows I have always been faithful to her, but she knows about the temptations of college life, frat parties and campus hotties! Camera in hand, I told her we needed to make a sextape for me. I suggested we make a sex tape for me to jerk off to while I was away at college and she loved the idea! She stripped naked in bed and I got the camera rolling, stroking my hard cock while she licked by balls. My own porn video started with my naked girlfriend sucking my cock! It was a nice and sloppy blow job. She slobbed, slurped and bobbed up and down on my cock, rubbing her clitoris with one hand. After my cock was good and hard, she asked me to put it deep in her pussy! My naked girlfriend turned over and got down on all fours, letting me play with her pussy, fingering her wet slit and rubbing her little clit. She loves getting fucked doggie style so I rammed my throbbing erection deep inside her tight gash and pumped her good, making sure I got a good angle while filming her. The idea of having sex on camera got my girlfriend even more horny. I pulled out and she kept playing with herself, rubbing her slit with her fingers and inserting them inside her cunt, masturbating for the camera. I spread her long sexy legs and began eating her out, her pussy always tastes so fucking good! My hot girlfriend took the camera for filming me between her legs eating her pussy. After that she was ready for the pounding again! I had her in missionary position, I penetrated her once again and started banging her harder, faster and deeper. She told me she wanted me to watch this sextape with my friends at Campus, so they could see how lucky I was to get to fuck a hottie like her and have her as my girlfriend! That turned me on ever more, making me pound her cunt even harder and faster, man! I filmed her aroused face as she played with her big tits, massaging and fondling them as if they were pizza dough. I got her back on all fours and pumped her some more and then turned her over as I blew my load all over her sexy face! It was a great idea to film a sextape with my girlfriend to keep the freaky memory while I was away at school.   Crazy College GFs takes you to the smuttiest college campuses across the country, to the fraternities and sororities, inside the dorm rooms and head first into the raunchiest hardcore real amateur college sex action! Wild college babes stripping naked, campus hotties sucking dick and swallowing cum, naughty co-eds getting filmed while getting their pussies and butts pounded hard by their boyfriends and college buddies! These girls aren’t here to study, they are here to party and fuck non-stop! Enjoy the best hardcore amateur sextapes with new girls and videos added all the time! College rules and college girlfriends rock!