Banging my sexy brunette girlfriend and filming it! My girlfriend wants a new pair of shoes and though I don’t like to spoil her, she definitely knows how to get me to do it! The sexy thing drops to her knees and gazes lovingly into my eyes as she strokes my throbbing erection with her soft and skilled hands. She caresses my thighs and licks my shaft, popping my dick into her wet mouth and sucking on it slowly. Yes, she is super cute and has a smoking hot body, and it’s not hard to convince her to strip down for me on camera. She dances and strips for me, making me film her with my iPhone so we can watch our homemade sex tape over and over afterwards! Her ass is sweeter than honey, she has one of the tidiest little butts you will ever see, love her. My hot naked girlfriend spreads her butt cheeks with two hands, giving me beautiful views at her pussy and ass crack! Love her little pussy and her flawless bum! She bends over and I rub her wet muff, parting her pink pussy lips with my fingers and she makes me sit down and cradles herself between my legs so she can continue blowing my cock. She sucks and strokes it at the same time, looking at me with those sexy eyes of hers… “New shoes? Anything you want!” My naked girl straddles herself on top and guides my hard cock into her insides, filling her up. She rides me with a steady rhythm, brushing her beautiful breasts against my face and her soft nipples against my lips. My girl knows how to manage my cock using her tight vagina walls! I bend her over, standing with her legs spread and I ram my dick up her pussy from behind, pounding her hard. Her tight ass looks fabulous from this position and she enjoys getting fucked in such a submissive posture. She shakes and grinds her booty as I fuck her to make the penetration more intense. She gets comfortable on the couch and spreads her legs so I can fuck her in missionary position. Now I can play with her beautiful tits and her little clit while we keep fucking and the camera keeps rolling. Her fit body, her bald pussy and her titties look so fucking hot, all I wanna do is blow my load all over it and see it covered in hot cum, shoot load after load into her, bringing her to orgasm several times, until the sperm pours down her legs! Is my GF hot? The full video is here:   The web’s biggest collection of submitted girlfriend amateur sex videos. Check out all these awesome videos submitted by their Ex’s! GF Revenge is the type of porn site you had been waiting for, loaded with the hottest amateur porn, homemade videos and user submitted sex tapes, featuring naughty girlfriends that will do it all for their boyfriends, getting exposed online as they strip naked, masturbate, play with sex toys and dildos, have hot lesbian sex, fuck, suck and get their faces, tits and asses splattered with gallons of hot cum! These amateur girls are steps away from becoming porn stars and you get to see them all in raunchy uncensored XXX action! New girls and vids added all the time, don’t miss out!