Naughty teen slut has her boyfriend’s big eggs and hard sausage for breakfast! Teen sex in the kitchen is always so fucking hot, hurry up guys, mom will be coming soon and you don’t want her catching you fucking over her kitchen counter! That’s exactly where this blonde teen’s juicy butt is sitting right now, with her tank top rolled over her tits as her boyfriend suckles on her puffy nipples and gets ready to have her for breakfast! She spreads her legs and he parts her white lace panties to the side, sliding his wet tongue up and down the fleshy slit of her tight teen snatch. She’s already soaking wet and ready to go, same as his throbbing morning wood! You never let those go to waste, man, they’re part of a healthy, balanced breakfast! She fingers her pussy while he licks her clit and pushes his face against her yummy teen pussy. She unzips his pants and releases his big erection, getting on top of the breakfast table and parting her legs so he can penetrate her in missionary position. He fucks his naked girlfriend hard as she grabs on tight to the table’s edges, making sure they don’t break any glasses or dishes, you don’t want mom asking questions later! She sits upright and squeezes her body against his, her tits pressed against his chest and her hands grabbing his ass while he pumps her harder, deeper and faster. As it usually happens with teens, the guy doesn’t pull out at the last moment and cums inside! Look how his sperm flows down between her legs onto the kitchen table when he pulls out his cock! I like it! A very nice stream of cum that flows out of her vagina! She drops to her knees and begins to suck his dick, then leans over the kitchen counter so he can fuck her from behind. Mom’s due back any minute now, and this only gets this hot teen couple hornier as he drills her tight pussy with that big hard cock, now she wants him to blow his load all over her mouth and face! When you are young, when your parents are not home, you have sex all over the house! Teen sex is the spirit that X-Art have tried to capture in this film. Enjoy! 