This clever dude shows off his hot ex-girlfriend for the online world to see, now that’s been selfless, man! As their amateur sex video started, we caught a nice look at her hot ass! The sultry blonde babe is laying belly flat on the rug, with her long legs spread wide open while he rubs her muff over her dark pantyhose. Her boyfriend tries to convince her to strip down for him on camera. She tells him to stop recording but he convinces her that all couples today capture their lovemaking on video. He pulls her sexy pantyhose down, exposing her sexy bubble shaped ass and her pink slit as she wiggles her booty for him. She is so horny, she doesn’t even care all that much that the camera is still rolling, and she asks him to have a little fun with her pussy. He sticks a couple of fingers into her hungry snatch and she grinds her crotch against his hand. He wants some pussy, and that’s all that is on his mind! She turns over, laughing and covering her breasts with her arm, she’s enjoying this a lot, but the experience of being filmed is new to her, but don’t worry, she’ll get into it in no time, baby! His hot girlfriend wants to surprise him with a sexy blowjob on camera. He whips out his hard cock as she gets down on her knees and starts giving him head. She’s got beautiful bright eyes and piercings on her nipples and belly button. Looking straight at the camera with those beautiful eyes, she strokes his shaft while licking his balls, popping his throbbing member into her juicy mouth and sucking it hard. Now that the girl is sucking dick, you can tell she’s totally into it. She rubs her muff underneath the pantyhose while blowing his hard cock and after stripping naked, she straddles herself on top of his meat sword so she can ride it cowgirl style. She’s squatting on his dick, feeling it slide in and out of her tender gash, pulling back her silky hair and touching herself as that big tool fills her up with pleasure. The sexy girl flips over and keeps riding his dick, this time in reverse cowgirl. She is a total freak and rides that dick like a champ. She really shows off her cock-riding skills. The best thing in their amateur sex video is watching his naked girlfriend works that ass and those hips! Naked girl grinds her ass and pussy against his dick, moaning and grunting, she can’t get enough and she wants all his cum inside her! His girlfriend is a real firecracker that puts on quite the show! I hope to see any more amateur videos archived from this guy in the future!   GF Revenge is the home of naughty real life girlfriends, their boyfriends and their exes, totally exposed online in the hardest hitting, raunchiest, uncensored XXX homemade action! Cheating girlfriends have their amateur sex tapes, videos and pictures uploaded to the web, so everybody can watch them getting naked, sucking dick, eating twat, masturbating, fucking, taking it up the ass, playing with dildos and sex toys, masturbating, and getting their faces and naked bodies blasted with cum! When these dirty girlfriends filmed themselves fucking with their exes, they never imagined they would end up here, with you watching them all cum!