Today I have something special for you guys! Don’t miss this couple of sexy Asian schoolgirls! The girls were hanging out in the locker room, and they were still not fully dressed when this lucky bastard came in holding a camera and started filming them. As you can guess, after a little cajoling, he was able to convince his sexy Asian classmates to get a little frisky for the camera. Very soon the girls began undressing and kissing each other! In no time, he whipped his huge cock out! The girls were embarrassed and kept telling him to stop recording and erase the video, but he was able to convince them to play with his cock. Hot asian girls wasted no time stroking and sucking on it! This couple of asian teens was heated up and ready for sex! CrazyAsianGFs site description: You have to see the surprised look on my sexy Asian girlfriend and one of her classmates when I sneaked into the locker room with my camcorder and got their hot oriental bodies on tape! My girl was actually impressed by my bold move, telling me to put the camera down so her friend and she could give me a little something to remember them by! They got down on their knees and started sucking on my rock hard cock after making sure nobody else was around to catch us red handed. They took turns licking my balls, sucking my rod and jerking it while I watched and enjoyed. BFF’s for life! I bent my girlfriend over the lockers, pulling her gym suit’s G-string to the side to get a look at her ass crack, asshole and pussy, ramming my hard cock between her pussy lips as her friend watched me fuck her hard from behind. My girlfriend was really into it, I could tell by that look in her eyes and that dirty expression on her face as she bit her lip and exchanged filthy glances with her best friend. She turned her face towards me and told me she wanted me to fuck her friend too! We spread her on the locker room bench, spread eagled, and I jammed my throbbing cock deep inside her tight cunt as my girlfriend watched, cupping my balls in her soft hand as I fucked her best friend right in front of her sexy slanted eyes! The girls kissed as I banged her and my girlfriend rubbed her muff and stimulated her nipples with her fingers, so fucking hot! I pounded their tight little Asian pussies all over the locker room. I just couldn’t wait to pull out of her best friend’s twat and blow my load all over their sexy oriental faces!   