As usual GF Revenge features a sexy threesome teen sex session! Boyfriend, girlfriend and best friend threesome fuck caught on tape! These two best friends, a cute blonde and a sexy brunette, gave into the sex tape idea, good for them! Teens set up a camera in their room and get down to it, inviting the sexy blonde stunner’s boyfriend over so he can play the lead male role, with his girlfriend avidly sucking on his rock hard pole like it’s her favorite flavor of ice-cream while her friend caresses her back, shoulders and hair by her side! After the blonde gets a taste of her boyfriend’s sweet pre-cum, she passes his hard cock to her friend so she can suck on it too, something she’s wanted to do for such a very long time. Naked blonde lies in bed and spreads her legs so her boyfriend can fuck her pussy in missionary position while her naked friend watches them. She loves what she sees and she can imagine how good that dick will feel when it’s banging her pussy. She rubs her friend’s clit while that big cock penetrates her relentlessly and the blonde turns over so he can fuck her from behind while her friend caresses her fabulous bubble shaped ass. I like that flawless ass and those tan lines! The blonde’s got these cool angel wing tattoos on her shoulder blades, but she is a filthy angel alright! Don’t miss these nice pussy farts when he fucks her from behind! Turn up the volume and enjoy all her pussy sound effects. The pussy fart extravaganza! This hot naked girl grinds her muff and ass against her boyfriend’s dick and he pulls out of her pussy as he blows his load, splattering hot cum all over her cunt and ass! It’s fucking hot, but the brunette was expecting to get fucked too. No worries, this guy manages to get a second wind in a matter of minutes and soon the horny slut’s down on all fours and getting fucked hard from behind by her best friend’s boyfriend and it’s all on video, bitch! Where will he cum? Will he pull out and cum in her open mouth, will he cum on her breasts, ass or rigth inside her? Don’t miss the full video, click the link under the video. Thank you GFRevenge for this hot teen threesome! 