Look at me! To think that I was a nerdy virgin before coming to college and now I’m one of the dirtiest slut in the dorm! That’s what I call progress! Yeah, I came from a strict family and when I discovered sex in College, I fell in love with it! My friends here are all so open minded and hot! I love guys and girls, I love to suck cock or eat pussy! We have awesome parties and I enjoy pleasing as many people as I can, and getting pleased by them too! That was another great party at my dorm. This nerdy guy confessed he was still a virgin, just like me when I got here, so I decided to give him a hand! That’s right, I reached under his boxers, pulled out his juicy sausage and started stroking it as she rubbed my wet muff over my panties! I stripped him naked and made out with him on the couch while one of my best friends, a spunky blonde, sucked his dick! Yeah, baby, you’re getting your male cherry popped by two hot college naked girls tonight! Watching my naked roommate suck his dick was getting me off and after giving him some head of my own, my friend and I sat side by side so he could fuck us both, starting with me of course! I wanted my pussy to be the first pussy his virgin dick ever fucked! I said he could practice on me. He wasn’t so bad for a newbie, and he was actually pretty skilled with his hands, masturbating both of us at the same time! We showed him how to eat a pussy right. He bent my friend over the couch and fucked her from behind while making out with me, fuck this guy is a fast learner, baby! I grabbed the camera and began to film my horny friend riding his cock on the bunk bed, so hot. The other naked girl sat on his face to take advantage of his mouth, so that his tongue can fondle her twat. No wasting any time he buried his face in her exposed twat and began to eat her greedily. He got a pussy in his mouth and one more pussy impaled on his dick at the same time. At the end all girls sat on the floor in the middle of my room and he erupted his jizz all over our faces and covered us in hot cum! This guy was loving it, he probably got the best virgin losing ever. He got his dick sucked and fucked by three of the hottest girls on campus! This dorm room sex romp had everything, from blowjobs, pussy eating, cock riding to super horny guys cumming all over our faces! We are young and full of cum! Don’t miss our other sex tapes filmed all around our campus. You’ve NEVER SEEN this before:   Cute and innocent girlfriends turn into sex crazed, cock craving sluts when the girls move into the dorm and you can watch them all right here at Crazy College GFs! Tons of naughty amateur coeds take it all off and enjoy fantastic sex action in depraved college parties, sex fests, orgies and dorm room romps filled with cock sucking, anal fucking, lesbian sex, masturbation, sex toys, facials, cumshots, squirting and anything else that can happen behind the dorm room walls! Cum inside right now and watch these naughty college vixens running wild, baby! These hot college girls will do whatever it takes to pass their courses and be popular on Campus. Girls getting fucked hard right in the classroom, on a school bus, at the park where a group is playing Lacrosse in the distance, masturbating during an exam… 100% uncensored college amateur action!