Naughty college girls take a hot lesbian group shower after a day at the beach! If you ever wondered what happens in female showers in college, this sexy video clip just might provide you with some answers! These hot college girls had just gotten back from the beach and their bodies and clothes are covered with sand. The only way to get it all out is with a good shower, but if you’ve ever showered after being at the beach, you will realize that getting rid of all that sand all by yourself can be tricky, right? So, the girls decide to get naked and jump into the shower together, so they can help each other scrub and lather every single nook and cranny in their tight, adorable and sexy naked bodies while another girl films them! The shower is huge and accommodated all those sexy naked bodies. They help each other out of their sexy bikinis, touching, caressing and stimulating each other as they get under the hot shower waters. The steam builds up and the temperature rises as the girls get their hair and bodies wet, lathering up and rubbing every single inch of their breath taking bodies. What can be better than a freshly shaved pussy? Naked girls shave their pussies, rinse and admire each other, comparing their breasts and one of the girls takes it a bit further, sucking on her friend’s nipples, which leads to further explorations of their mutual anatomies. The girls are getting frisky and start to flash their hot perky tits on camera. The girls start to soap and lather up each others tittes and pussies and rub their naked bodies against each other. This shower quickly goes from hot to steamy. One of the girls gets down on her knees as the rest help another friend raise her leg so she can eat her snatch out under the shower, so fucking hot! This is a great way to make sure there’s no sand left inside their pussies, you know? Soon the girls are having an insane lesbian sex orgy under the shower, eating pussy, rimming ass, kissing, groping, caressing, masturbating and fingering each other until they reach a marathon of orgasms! You don’t want to miss this amateur video. Enjoy this hot all-girl fantasy. Naked girls taking a shower together – it’s an instant classic!   We’ve seen a lot of sexy college girls getting freaky here at Crazy College GFs, but this was easily one of the best videos EVER. It was like we had died and gone to college pussy heaven. CrazyCollegeGFs is one college porn site you won’t want to miss! Sexy girlfriends jerking hard cocks and getting their pussies fingered, hot coed whores spreading their legs and getting their juicy pussies and tight assholes pounded hard and naked college fresh girls opening up wide and getting their mouths, faces and bodies drenched in loads of hot cum as they partake on wild college sex parties, dorm room orgies and insane group sex fun is just the tip of the iceberg when you cum on over to the site! This site has the very best amateur college girl uncensored smut for you to bust a nut to, with new clips and new girls added all the time! You’ve NEVER SEEN this before…