I have a real gem for you this update! What about a sexy lady in uniform of authority? Have you ever fantasized about fucking a female police officer or security guard in sexy uniform? Then our next amateur video, is for you! Boyfriend fucks his sexy security guard girlfriend in the locker room! Check it out! This boyfriend went over to his girlfriend’s job to pick her up and walked in on her in the locker room, finding her wearing nothing but her sexy thong and security uniform top, she looked so fucking sexy! His girlfriend is so damn cute and she has a nice, slim and sporty body. Everybody else had already left for the day, so they were alone in the locker room and she decided to seize the opportunity to fulfill a dirty fantasy of fucking with her boyfriend at her job! Her BF couldn’t resist, came in, and started to play with that pussy and got it all wet. She guided his hand to her lace covered crotch and let him feel how wet her pussy was, the sexy lace of her thong was already drenched in her pussy juices! She pulled it down her thighs and masturbated in front of him, leaning against the lockers and fingering her snatch with a smile on her sexy face. That got her so horny, she dropped to her knees and stuffed her mouth with his fat cock, sucking it hard while cupping his balls in her hands. The sexy security guard sucked that cock like a champ before she took it deep in her pussy. She was little nervous that they might get caught fucking in the locker room, but no one was around, but she kept playing along with her BF. She sat over the sink’s countertop and spread her legs so he could penetrate her cunt, fucking her hard. She pulled her titties over her bra and played with them, stimulating her puffy nipples as that big, throbbing cock filled up her insides. He stripped her naked and bent her over the counter, plunging his dick inside her cunt from behind, giving it to her really good doggie style. They could watch themselves in the mirror, enhancing their mutual enjoyment of such an intense locker room fuck! The doggy style scene is amazing, his naked girlfriend worked that booty in circles, as she pushed hard up against him. Her juicy bubble butt slammed against his crotch as he drilled her from behind, ready to pull out and blow his heavy load all over the slutty face of hers! He couldn’t help but pull out and squirt all over her face and in right her mouth. With a very pretty stream of cum flowing down her chin she just gave the camera a sexy smile. Great thing this horny couple got it all down on tape! This sexy girl is a crazy, amazing fuck you don’t want to miss! Check out the full video here:   Of course, he didn’t forget to send an amateur sextape with his sexy girlfriend to GF Revenge! This is the #1 porn site with amateur girlfriends videos! Sexy girlfriends get bent over and have their bubbly ass cheeks spread in front of the cameras as their tight pussies get pounded hard by their boyfriends in hot amateur action right here at GF Revenge! See naked girls opening up wide and getting their mouths filled up with loads of hot cum after sucking their boyfriend’s cocks and licking their balls! Look at them getting their pussies licked by their best friend in hot lesbian action! Here you will find the best user submitted amateur girlfriend smut! Tons of hot real life girlfriends exposed and fucked online every week! 