Have you ever thought about hot threesome with your girlfriend? I met up with my girlfriend, Shae Summers, she is a stunning brunette babe with big tits, at the tennis court and we played a few sets. Her tits were practically bursting out of her tight tennis top and I could see her erect nipples under the fabric. She was definitely turned on and after finishing our last set, we sat by a nearby bench and chatted while waiting for her step mom to pick her up. It took me little time to realize what had her so fucking horny! She insinuated that she would love to have a threesome with her stepmom and me! Matter of fact, she had already talked about it with her, and as it turns out, she loved the idea of sharing my hard cock with her step daughter! Of course I agreed and when she arrived, we headed straight to her place together! Her stepmom was a tall, skinny brunette stunner and I sat back and watched as she pulled her stepdaughter’s top up, cupped her huge tits in her hands and suckled on her nipples. What a sweet set of jugs! My girl bit her lips, opened and closed her legs to stimulate her pussy, since she was wearing nothing under her tennis skirt, and caressed my thighs as I watched and my dick got hard as a rock! Soon her step mom and I were licking her wet pussy, kissing as we did so, exchanging her sweet pussy juices in our mouths! I finger fucked my girlfriend and made her ride my hard cock while her step mom watched and licked my balls and then I straddled her on my dick and fucked her tight, mature pussy while my girlfriend observed us and masturbated! I fucked her horny mom while my girlfriend licked her cunt and my balls lying between my legs. Naked girls took turns licking each other pussy and fucked my cock. Both girls were outstanding. I rammed their pussies so good, and my girlfriend got a huge portion of cum all over her luscious ass. Her hot mom licked it all up from her ass crack! At the end, my hot girls finished with a snowballing, passing cum to each other’s mouth! I absolutely LOVE my girlfriend! 