We’ve seen a lot of lesbian sex orgies at Crazy College GFs, but this is easily one of the best college lesbian videos EVER. It featured three naked girls which were having super sexy lesbian fun in their dorm room. Kissing, licking, sucking… and scissoring. Their amateur video has it all. Three wild naked girls and no dicks! Awesome! One of the girls was so freaky that she even upload their lesbian threesome to CrazyCollegeGFs right from her cell phone: College is a time for experimenting, and my sexy roommates are making sure I explore my body and sexuality fully with them! While I film myself in front of the mirror, one of my roomies, a sexy blonde, gets behind me and reaches under my drenched panties, rubbing and fingering my tight cunt while I massage my naked breasts and stimulate my nipples with my free hand. Ever since I arrived at my dorm, we have been fucking, masturbating, having hot lesbian sex and trying each and every dick in our floor! I arrived a cute, innocent virgin and now, just 3 weeks later, I’m an insatiable college fuck slut! I turn my head back so I can kiss her wet lips, feeling her long fingers inside me, exploring my pussy as our smooth tongues entwine in a passionate French kiss. Our roommate is also naked and playing with her pussy on her bed and we enjoy watching her and having her watches us too! My friend spreads her legs on my bed and I sink my face between them, my hot tongue diving deep between the gash formed by her parted pussy lips, tasting her sweet juices as I eat her out. She does the same to me and we just can’t get enough of each other, it turns us on even more that our roommate is filming us fully naked eating each other and that those videos eventually spread all over the dorm, Campus and the web! As my blonde lover devours my twat, another one girl gets behind her, rimming her asshole and tongue fucking her hot snatch. With my wild girls in my dorm, we can have all the naughty fun we want, that’s what college is all about!   Don’t miss this passionate and sensual lesbian threesome with three college naked girls, watch the full length video! College are wild times indeed and these here are Crazy College GFs! When their boyfriends sent them off to college, they had no idea that their faithful, innocent girlfriends would turn out to be the biggest sluts and cock craving whores on Campus! These girls are popular in the dorm because they do it all! Suck dick, lick balls, masturbate, take it up the ass, swallow cum, eat pussy, fuck with sex toys, partake on the wildest sex orgies outdoors, in public places and group sex parties wherever possible and still want more and more! There’s no way to satisfy these wild and beautiful college co-eds! This is one insane college porn site you MUST see! Then you just ask – Where were these wild girls when I was in college!? So sit back and enjoy the wildest college girls doing incredible things on camera.