Naughty Shae Summers has a threesome with her boyfriend and her horny step-mom! Oh man…I’ve been waiting for this girl to come back. Any scene with Shae Summers, is ACE in my book. Shae just keeps getting hotter and hotter. She and her step-mom, are very close, the girls like to share everything. Shae has a new boyfriend and she’s been telling her stepmom how hot he is, what a big dick he has and how good he fucks her pussy and ass. She can’t help but be intrigued, and Shae is eager to share him with her too! Her new boyfriend, has been invited to stay the weekend. The girls have big plans, most of them involving his yummy cock! Naked Shae is in the shower with her boyfriend after spending the morning at the pool. What a hottie she is! Mmm, her body looks soo tight and sexy, she has a hot full body with flawless tits and a nice ass to boot! She’s lathering up her hot body and beautiful tits and he’s got a huge hard-on from watching her, and she’s already told him she has a surprise for him, one he’s going to absolutely love! They’re making out under the shower and she’s rubbing his throbbing cock and big soaped up balls and he realizes what the big surprise is when her step-mom walks in, drops her towel and joins them in the shower! She looks fucking amazing, with her ripe mature body and her big cantaloupe tits! Her new boyfriend is in shock at first! He watches in awe as the girls soap up his hard cock and balls while making out, he can’t believe it’s actually happening! Naked girls take control very fast. They take him to the bedroom and give him a double blowjob, sucking his rod and licking his balls together! Shae gets down on all fours and he licks her pussy and asshole while her step-mom watches, then starts fucking her tight teen pussy. He fucks her in missionary while the mature broad licks Shae’s erect nipples and caresses her titties and then straddles herself atop her boyfriend’s firm mast and impales her pussy on it, riding him hard. He gives that woman a good pussy pounding that gets her fake tits bouncing up and down and her mature body quivering with excitement. Shae’s boyfriend is proud to have a girlfriend that loves sharing him with her step-mom! These horny girls made good use of him. At the end he pulls his throbbing cock out of his girlfriend and fills eager mouth of her mom with a huge load of cum, so that she can snowball it with her daughter! Don’t miss the full video:   Where else can you watch hot MILFs fucking teens and turning them into perverts than Moms Bang Teens? Here sultry mature stepmothers teach their stepdaughters how to please a man and their stepsons the proper way to fuck and satisfy a woman! These teens have a lot to learn when it comes to sex, but they have these experienced MILFs to show them how it’s done, watch as the teens join their stepmoms in hot XXX action, sucking dick, fucking, masturbating, having hot lesbian sex and banging in steamy threesomes! New vids, teens and MILFs added all the time!