You won’t want to miss huge cock riding! This well endowed guy caught the girl next door, a smoking hot blonde bombshell who was watching his big bulge while he was playing basketball on the backyard. He flung the naughty blonde over his shoulders and took her inside. She was wearing nothing under her skirt, so he could see her juicy ass and tight pussy already gushing in anticipation of his big dick! He threw her on the couch, spread her legs and went down on her, eating out her delicious teen pussy. I bet her young pussy taste as good as it looks! Is there anyone else that loves the taste of a good wet pussy? She pushed his face against her crotch as he tongue fucked her twat and bit her lips, anxious to feel his throbbing cock inside her juicy teen body. He whipped it out for her to admire and worship and the horny teen girl dropped to her knees, ready to do her best to deepthroat his monster cock! It had to be a foot long. She tried wrapping her hand around it but couldn’t completely encircle it. She was amazed and very turned on by the size of his cock. Young naked girl massaged his big balls and stroked his shaft while gobbling up as much dick as her mouth and throat could handle. He got her back on the couch and parted her legs, ready to plow her tiny pussy and he had to go in slow, because this chick’s pussy was tight! She was very excited to get that huge cock in her pussy! He told her to turn over and get down on all fours, raising her bubble butt up in the air as he pounded her hard from behind, spreading her delicious ass cheeks and going in as deep as he could without bending her vagina! The blonde slut wanted to ride that huge cock and he let her, she straddled that fine body on top of him and impaled herself on his rod. Sexy Girl and she can really ride a cock! This is one of the best cock riding! Watching that fabulous bubble butt bouncing up and down his love stick was wonderful! Seriously, I can watch her work that ass of hers all day. He couldn’t wait to blow his load all over her pretty face! This well endowed guy filled her mouth and her little pussy and worked all the tricks to tap that ass! 