Here’s a wild story from GF Revenge with two sexy girls caught on the bed almost naked in a good mood! Right from the start of this one, we knew it was going to get rowdy when a couple of half naked girls had a pillow fight on the bed. Before long, the girls were all pulling out their titties, pulling down their cum soaked panties to see if they could lick each other. This amateur sextape has everything: two naughty teen girls, lezz fun, threesome with a guy, and plenty of hot POV sex. The POV angle makes this home video even more fun! These crazy girls really love to do it together, the threeway action is hot! Ironically, the guy promised them to never show the video to anyone. Lucky for us, that didn’t hold up! Hot threesome with my girlfriend and her blonde BFF! I caught my sexy girlfriend and her spunky best friend having a hot pillow fight in their lingerie and started filming them; this was definitely something my friends on the web would wanna see! Especially when my girlfriend ended up pinned down by her bestie, who straddled herself on top of her, pulled up her bra and started massaging her breasts and running her soft hands all over her body! I walked behind the girls, pulling down on the BFF’s panties to expose her juicy butt and parting my girlfriend’s panties to the side to show how wet her pussy was! Hot girls were glad I was joining them for a steamy threesome fuck as I fingered my babe’s pussy and watched her best friend strip her naked on our bed and go down on her. She pushed her smooth tongue through my girlfriend’s tender pussy lips, exploring her beaver and then switching positions while I filmed them. They went absolutely wild on each other in this lesbian fun. My cock was rock hard, so the girls gave me a double blowjob, sucking my rod and licking my balls together. It felt amazing! Two naked girls were double blowjobbing my cock, so hot! Naked girls got into a 69, eating each other out and as I placed my girlfriend in missionary position and started fucking her, her best friend got on top of her face and rode her! I pounded my babe hard while checking out her hot blonde friend, I wanted to bang her so hard too! She told me it was okay to do it, that she actually wanted to see me fucking her best friend, so I put her down on all fours and began pounding her pussy doggie style as my naked girlfriend watched and leaned over as I pulled out of her friend’s pussy and blew my load all over my girlfriend! Then she spread her ass cheeks with two hands and began to lick her ass all covered in my sticky jizz. Now that’s what I call a threesome. You won’t want to miss a second of this one, DOWNLOAD THE FULL VIDEO HERE:   These girlfriends were in love the moment they took off their clothes in front of their boyfriend’s cameras and webcams, sucking their hard dicks and taking it up the pussy and ass until their faces and bodies were drenched in hot cum, but now that love is over and their exes held on to these videos, they are submitting them to GF Revenge so we can all enjoy them and see the kind of dirty sluts and cheating whores their ex-girlfriends really were! Enjoy real amateur footage featuring the hottest girlfriends and raunchiest ex-girlfriends sucking, fucking, masturbating and much more!