This sexy girlfriend is in college, away from her hometown and form her sweet boyfriend and she knows just how much he misses her, so she decided to make a naughty little video for him in her dorm room. She thought it would be a good little surprise to send him a sexy clip of her masturbating in her dorm room. Of course he has posted it to Crazy College Gfs! She sets up her webcam while telling him how much she missies him and sucking his big hard cock and her hands start wandering down her cotton panties, feeling how hot and wet her bush is. She lays back on her bed and enjoys masturbating in front of the camera and stripping naked so her boyfriend can see her delicious breasts and perky nipples. His sexy college girlfriend starts playing with her amazing tits on camera. Then she slips off her panties and starts touching her hot teen pussy. She gets super turned on from all the masturbation and thinking about her man. Her pussy is dripping wet already as she fingers herself and grabs a huge purple vibrator, ramming it deep inside her tight cunt. She has a teen pussy that is perfect for the pounding. She pretends it’s her boyfriend’s hard cock, slipping it in and out of her clam. She closes her eyes and moans softly, licking her lips, feeling how that big dildo fills her up so good. She places herself in front of the mirror and sticks the dildo to it by its suction cup, then pushes herself against the mirror and buries the toy inside her snatch. It’s as she is double penetrating herself and her mirror image! Masturbation in front of a mirror gives her the opportunity to enjoy her reflection. The mirror presented us with some really great viewing angles. She rubs her clit while masturbating with the purple toy, she can already feel the first waves of a powerful orgasm taking over her. She can imagine her boyfriend jerking off to her video, maybe even watching it with some friends. The image of their huge cocks blasting semen all over the place due to her video turns her on so fucking much! Sexy girl works her hot body like a true freak and even has an intense orgasm on film. She loves being an amateur porn bitch for her boyfriend!   College is supposed to be an experience in higher learning and at Crazy College GFs this experience takes place at frat parties, sorority hazing, dorm room romps and wild college sex parties! That’s right, these naughty college co-eds came to Campus so they could go wild and explore their sexuality! Here you can watch them taking it all off, eating pussy, sucking dick in the university library, getting fucked hard in all their wet holes right in the classroom, masturbating during an exam, fucking with toys, engaging in hot lesbian action and getting their faces and bodies covered in cum! The girls are all free! And naked! New videos and college babes are added regularly, cum and see them all here!