This blonde bitch slept around with her ex-boyfriend’s pals and then dumped his sorry ass! What a whore! Luckily, he saved all the amateur sex tapes they made while they were still an item and now he is getting his revenge, uploading a different video every day… and he’s got material for years, man! Here you can see his naked ex taking a bath and playing with herself while he touches and films her. The view of the naked girl lying in the bath tub is fantastic. Your attention will immediately be drawn to her sexy long legs and her tiny pussy. With how nice she is, anyone would want to jump in the tub with her. After a little cajoling for a sextape, he finally gets his naked girlfriend to agree, so they can have fun by watching it later on together. Of course, under the condition that he never show it to anyone else. The naked girl gets out of the tub and straddles her wet body on top of his, riding his hard cock in reverse cowgirl position, grinding her juicy bubble butt in front of his camera right there on the bathroom floor! I must say, just like the rest of her body, her ass is completely flawless! By far the best thing in this homemade girlfriend revenge video is watching the sexy girl work that ass and those hips, as she rides his cock. He grabs her tight ass as she bops up and down his throbbing cock, begging for more and more dick inside her body! She’s a slut alright, and thanks to this video testimonial now everybody, including her new boyfriend, will know it! Still on top, she switches to classical cowgirl and keeps riding that big dick. She plants her hands over his knees so she can hold herself as she bounces on his erection. He rubs her clit and then places her over the counter, spreading her legs and fucking her in missionary position. She keeps telling him how much she loves his big dick and the way he fucks her pussy and ass so good, as he bends her over the bathroom counter and pounds her snatch from behind. His balls slap against her tender ass and he thrusts his hard cock as deep inside as he can, that pussy is like a motherfucking vacuum cleaner sucking his dick inside it and squeezing it until he’s ready to blow his load! He pounds her beautiful pussy in multiple positions, and she loves it. He goes especially wild in doggy style; and with an ass like hers, who could blame him? At the end his ex-girlfriend gets down on her knees to take a huge cum load across her pratty face. That’s what girlfriend revenge is all about!   Sexy girlfriends get bent over and have their juicy bubble butts stuffed with hard cock! Horny exes open up wide and receive the nastiest facial cumshots caught on camera! Amateur girlfriend bare their tits and get caught on camera sucking cock, having hot lesbian sex, masturbating and fucking with their boyfriends and exes! No, these are not pornstars! This is amateur homemade porn filmed by real people and featuring real life girlfriends and ex-girlfriends doing the nasty in front of the cameras for their boyfriends and getting exposed online when their videos hit the web! Tune it to GF Revenge and blow your load!