Yes, you heard it right, this crazy college girlfriend gives head and gets fucked right at the college library!!! Have you ever fantasized about a blowjob in the college library? Oh, the joys of being in college! When this amateur video started out, we saw a super sexy, college chick in the library having fun on camera with her boyfriend. Girl and her boyfriend had been studying in the campus library, and her friend took out his camera and dared her to give him head. This was turning out to be an awesome video because that’s exactly what we were hoping for. Being they were at the library, she was hesitant. Lucky for us, she was feeling frisky. Her BF quickly convinced her to give him a blow job right there in the university library with people just over in the other aisle. Right there, among Hemingway and Steinbeck, his sexy college girlfriend dropped to her knees and took that dick down her throat. And even though there were a couple close calls, they took it even further and had sex in the middle of the bookshelves! He hit that hot pussy from the back in doggy style! It was absolutely insane! Her bf says: Feeling horny as hell, I rendezvoused with my sexy girlfriend at the university library and convinced her to give me a blowjob right there! Public sex is a huge turn on for both of us, and having her down on her knees and sucking my hard rod with so many people around definitely made us so hot! She stroked and sucked my throbbing cock, licking my balls as I looked around; making sure nobody was actually watching us. Good thing everybody was busy reading! We had to stop every now and then when somebody got too close searching for a book, but I think all that did was make us even hornier. I bent her over one of the book shelves and pulled down her jeans and panties, rubbing and fingering her soaking wet cunt before popping my hard cock deep inside her pussy and banging her hard from behind. She had this huge smile on her face, looking around for any peeping toms. I was fucking her slowly, groping her tender ass cheeks and feeling her pussy muscles contracting against my shaft. We were both getting closer and closer to the point of no return and I began pumping her snatch faster and harder, trying to make the least noise possible. A few times she moaned out, but I had to shush her in order not to get caught. I whispered in her ear that I was about to cum and she reached out and grabbed a book from the shelf. She opened it up as I pulled out of her, stroking my cock and ready to cum. My dirty girlfriend made me blow my load all over the book’s pages, it felt so damn hot and naughty to do it! She laughed so hard watching me cum on the book that the librarian came over and caught us red handed! Lol!   When real amateur girlfriends leave their hometowns and go to College, you can expect them to break all the rules and become the biggest whores on Campus! Yeah, baby, these once innocent girls are now depraved fuck sluts and the stars at Crazy College GFs! Watch these girls take it all off and take part of the wildest and kinkiest dorm room fucks fests, fraternity orgies, sorority group sex sessions and fantastic sex parties loaded with cock sucking, fucking, masturbation, lesbian sex, amazing cumshots, sex toys, music and non-stop uncensored hardcore fucking action, man! These crazy girls doing incredible things in their dorm rooms, in the college library, in female showers, in a classroom during an exam… That’s a must-see!