A couple of hot, sexy ebony chicks moved to my building, Persia and Megan. These two sisters are fine! I decided to make the girls feel at home inviting them over to my place for drinks, and after a couple of shots, the girls were totally naked and Persia’s bubbly brown butt was covered in baby oil, shaking and grinding it while Megan slapped it in front of me and my throbbing erection! Everything about Megan was hot. Incredible all natural body, innocent looking pretty face. After Persia showed us her moves, Megan got down on all fours and got baby oil poured on her juicy junk in the trunk as well. The slippery oil oozed down the crack of her ass and pink pussy lips as she shook her booty. The bomb booty, yeah! Both black naked girls were terribly hot, and Persia was slightly darker skinned than Megan, like drinking a latte and a mocha side by side, hot damn! I had a hard time choosing which one to fuck first! Megan crawled on top of Persia in a 69 position and Persia dived between her legs and began eating her out while Megan wiggled her juicy oiled up round and brown butt. Then naked girls got down on their knees and gave me a double blowjob, taking turn sucking my rod and licking my balls! They rubbed their butts against my face, pressing their pussies and ass cracks against my mouth. It was great, two bad ass black girl bodies, double ass-clap on my face! Amazing bodies! I stroked my tongue in both of their butts and let them ride my cock. Megan straddled herself on top of my meaty rod and started riding me hard and fast! Persia grabbed her ebony ass, lifting and pressing it against my dick! Megan got off and Persia got on top, riding me in reverse cowgirl. If there were cockriding olympics here’s two Golds! They were the best cockriding team I’ve ever seen! Glad they kept the heels on! Very sexy and glam. Black girls got on top of each other and I took turns fucking each one of them until I was ready to cum and blow my load all over their hot mocha bodies! I took full advantage of these bootylicious bodies while I pounded them. The hot babes took everything I threw at them including a lip-smacking facial and they were ready for round two!   In Round and Brown, hot ebony babes show off their hot, juicy, tender butts! Watch them shaking, wiggling, grinding and twerking them big, plump, mocha asses! Fabulous black babes take off all their clothes and go ass crazy over big juicy cocks and dripping wet pussy! These ebony goddesses need a huge cock. The girls love sucking dick, taking it all inside, getting fucked in the dirtiest positions and having their brown tits and mocha asses covered in sticky cumshots! New, young, brown talents every time. This is the web’s biggest collection of hot ebony babes. Enjoy the hottest black babes with the juiciest brown butts in hardcore action!