Guys, what about some revenge sex tape? These two used to be an item, but one day he found out that she had been sleeping around with a co-worker and not only ditched her sorry ass, but vowed to get revenge! As our submitter, Bill, tells us, his ex-girlfriend let him film this video one day while they had fun on the bed fully naked. He was hurt and angry at her selfishness and looking for revenge, so he decided to send off this video to get back at his girlfriend. So he dug deep in his computer and found all those naughty homemade porn videos they had filmed together when they were still in a relationship and uploaded them to the web, so everybody could see the type of dirty whore she really was! Thanks! Honestly, your EX was so hot! Nice ass and a sweet pussy! Guys, see her naked in bed getting her shaved twat rubbed by her then boyfriend. Yeah, she used to love getting her pussy fingered by him, warming up before a nasty fuck! He spread her legs wide open and started fucking her in missionary position, making her squeal and moan in lust. Her tender pussy lips parted wide open like the Red Sea for his dick to make its way inside and fuck her nice and good. She begged him to fuck her harder, faster and deeper, because she was a dirty, filthy slut and she deserved it. He rubbed her wet muff and flipped her over, banging her from behind and feeling her juicy butt slapping against his crotch as she got impaled on his raging erection. He has this sexy mole by the crack of her ass, on her right butt cheek, so there’s no way she’s getting away with saying that’s just somebody that looks like her! Check out that juicy bubble butt bouncing and grinding as it gets pounded so hard in bed, the bitch loves it! He pulls out of her pussy and blows his load, spraying hot cum all over her ass and lower back! Watch it oozing down the crack of her ass and pussy! The way he fucks his naked girlfriend from behind in this video is amazing. It’ll make you want to watch again and agin. I know I did. Bill, I don’t know why your girlfriend dumped you. Maybe you should teach your ex-girlfriend what a “bukake” is? 