My sexy girlfriend has been taking yoga classes, as you can tell by the way she can bend her knees behind her arms as I pound her sweet pussy in missionary position on the couch. Her new gained flexibility is amazing, and she has been creatively using it in our sex sessions! Yeah, we are finally putting that Kama Sutra book we bought years ago to good use. This kind of acrobatic yoga prowess must be shared with the world, so I make sure I have my video camera with me so I can film her while fucking her and we can watch our homemade sex tapes afterwards! With her legs placed almost behind her head I get some great views of her lovely pussy and my hard cock sliding back and forth inside her. Her thick lips really bulge as they wrap around my cock. I like the view of her meaty pussy lips! I pull out of her pussy and draw my cock to her face so she can stroke and suck it while we change positions. My sexy girlfriend tells me to lie down on the couch and with her juicy bubble butt facing my way, she straddles herself atop my throbbing erection and lets it sink slowly inside her wet, hot gash! Just take a look at that juicy booty from the back! Her butt looks fantastic in this reverse cowgirl position with her ass cheeks bulging up and little dimples at the top where the cheeks meet the back. I let her ride my boner while admiring her perfect bubble shaped butt and her cute anus winking in and out. She loves when I play with her vagina, stretching it with my dick. My GF is a total freak and takes that dick like a champ. She really shows off her skills, as she rides my big cock and those buttocks bounce up and down from the thrusting. Then I put her down on all fours, with her face against the couch and her ass up in the air as I plow her some more. She’s got my dick so hard, popping it in and out of her clam and rubbing it against her slit. Her ass shakes like pudding as I bang her and I can hear my balls slapping against her butt cheeks. I love when my sexy girlfriend spreads her ass open with two hands for me giving a great view up her ass. She sucks my rod again and leans over the couch’s arm rest, spreading her legs so I can fuck her in that position until I’m ready to blow my sticky load all over her hot face and big tits! Yeah, she loves getting covered by my cum. At that point, things are still heating up. He takes his camera and starts snapping a couple photos of his girlfriend posing with his big cock. I won’t ruin it for you, but I’ll just tell you it got RED HOT. You won’t want to miss the full video:   I’m glad this homemade video was submitted to GF Revenge. I hope to see any more videos from her man in the future. GF Revenge exposes the dirty exploits of nasty girlfriends, cheating ex-girlfriends and amateur girls that do it all in front of the cameras, thinking that their exes would never ever expose their XXX homemade porn on the web… but the girls were so fucking wrong! Enjoy watching these naughty real life girlfriends stripping naked, sucking dick on their knees, getting their yummy pussies pounded hard while down on all fours and opening up wide so they can take creamy facial cumshots! New user submitted videos with the hottest real life girlfriends added all the time!