Naked girls kissing, naked girls sucking clits to each other, the girls fingering their wet pussies to orgasm – it’s all here! Two smoking hot girls have come together to bring you one more lesbian treat today. Two of the hottest performers today in one incredible girl/girl scene. The girls can grace your porn scene any day! Are you ready for a sweet and sexy lesbian film? Sit back and enjoy the show! Sexy Ryan just found out that her friend August broke up with her man, so she called and invited her over to the pool. August is a bit sad at first, but after getting in the pool and sharing some drinks and girl talk with Ryan, it’s obvious that she feels much better, so much better that in order to show her appreciation for Ryan’s support and understanding, she draws her friend towards her and begins kissing her tender lips and running her hands up and down her wet body. Ryan knows that rebound sex is always good sex and a great sign up getting over a guy, so she takes August by the hand, after rubbing her dripping wet twat and feeling her big all natural tits, and guides her out of the pool and into the house. The girls take off their swimsuits and dry up and Ryan invites August to sit on the white leather couch and spread her legs wide open so she can sink her hot tongue between her tender pussy lips and eat her out. She’s wanted to do this for a very long time and honestly, she was so jealous of August’s ex. She licks her shaved cunt, finger fucks her and rubs her muff and then allows August to crawl between her legs and lick her cherry. August has never being with another girl before, this is all new to her, but Ryan is a gentle lover and when she places her down on all fours, spreads her luscious ass cheeks apart and jams her silky tongue deep inside her virgin asshole, August realizes she is now a fully fledged lesbian lover and she’s in love with her best friend too!   These sexy babes live together, laugh together, cry together, love together and best of all, these hot girls fuck together! That’s right, at We Live Together, the hottest lesbian roommates enjoy the steamiest girl on girl action right in front of your eyes! intense pussy licking and fingering, scissoring, extreme squirting, wild sex toy mutual masturbation, hardcore anal rimmings, hot girl on girl make out sessions, threesomes, foursomes and full blown out dyke sex orgies and since these girls can cum over and over and keep on going, the lesbian action never ceases! These girls know how to bring each other to an amazing orgasm. Cum check out right now what happens when beautiful lesbian tarts decide to live together!