How to have sex in a car? Don’t miss this video! When was the last time you and your girlfriend had sex in your car? Never? Well, maybe you and your girlfriend have more important things to do with your time than have sex every free time. Making love in a car can produce explosive results as we can see in our next amateur sex tape. A blow job while driving, cock riding on the back seat, woman-on-top lying on the front passenger seat, outside on the hood of the car! Well, don’t miss this amateur video. We all know the feeling of being camera shy. Fortunately, this hot girlfriend does not mind the camera. She is super cute and has a banging body! This sexy amateur girlfriend in a two piece bikini that hugs every sensual curve on her body is coming back home from the beach with her boyfriend when she decides to pull over and give him a hot blowjob in the car! She strokes his rock hard shaft while licking and sucking on the tip of his throbbing dick and he parts her silky hair back to enjoy that sexy look on her face when she’s giving him head. Her tits are bursting out of her bikini as she leans over the passenger seat and makes her way to the backseat with her boyfriend in tow. His hot girlfriend pulls her tits over her bikini top while removing the bottom, straddling herself over her boyfriend’s lap and letting his tumescent dick slowly sink inside her wet cunt. She rides him hard, leaning on the backrest of the passenger seat, her beautiful breasts bouncing up and down, her tender pussy lips wrapped tight around his shaft. She turns over, still on top of his cock, and rides him in reverse cowgirl, showing off that fabulous bubble shaped butt and then spreads over the backseat with her leg raised so he can fuck her hard. Naked girl rubs her clit while her boyfriend pounds her muff and she holds on tight to the door handle and seat. That car is a rocking and they hope nobody comes knocking to interrupt their kinky fucking! The boyfriend is getting close to the point of no return, aroused by his girlfriend’s incredible body and by doing their nasty deed in a rented car, and when he blows his load all over her pussy he hopes he doesn’t get the back seat stained! Lol! Yeah, her pussy lip sandwich looks absolutely amazing covered in creamy goo! Thankfully, he kept the camera rolling the whole time! By the way, does this girl look like Jennifer Love Hewitt or not?   Go wild! Have a good time with your girlfriend and if you get the chance, video tape it and send it to GF Revenge! GF Revenge is the spot where you can bust a nut while checking out the naughtiest real life girlfriends fucking on video! Naughty amateur girls get down and dirty with their boyfriends and let them film them while making love, but the girls have no idea these homemade movies will end up on the web, exposing them as dirty fuck sluts! Sexy real life chicks taking off their clothes, having raunchy girl on girl sex, getting g off with their favorite sex toys, eating cock and licking balls, getting fucked very hard and having loads of fresh cum blasted all over their butts, tits, faces and bodies!