College is a place of learning, and these sexy college babes want to learn… how to have sex in every position! Good for them, these horny guys living down the dorm hall are willing to help them try out all the sex poses they want! Naked girls begin by doing headstands and spreading their legs so the guys and eat them out! Another naked girl in the group, a naughty blonde, also takes the opportunity to lick her friends’ wet cunts with her smooth tongue, after which everybody is ready to fuck! The action is going on everywhere, man! One hot chick is getting banged in missionary position in one bed, other girls are having hot lesbian sex in another, and another chick is down on her knees and giving one of the guys a blowjob! The guy that was fucking the babe in missionary is now lying flat on his back, with one babe sitting on his face and another one sitting on his dick and riding it, with her big boobs bouncing up and down! By a nearby couch, a redhead chick is bending over and getting plowed from behind. She gets closer to the threesome going on in bed so her stud and her can join them and try even more naughty combinations! These girls have seen that horror flick about the human centipede and they want to try their own version, so the naked girls line up in bed, down on all fours, one behind the other, licking each other’s pussy and ass while the guys are at each end, one of them fucking the last girl and the one in the lead getting his hard dick sucked and his balls licked! This is the kind of party you wanna get invited to if you are in college, bro! What happens when you combine hot college girls and guys together in one room? You get sexy creative Dare Dorm fun! How to have sex in a dorm? Don’t miss this video. Just days after the start of the school year, these guys, and girls wanted to begin it on a high note, and they sure did. This is perhaps the greatest college dorm sex video of all time with plenty of blowjobs, 69, lesbian play, and hardcore group sex with plenty of naked girls getting fucked everywhere! The girls are smoking hot, and the action is even hotter. You won’t want to miss out on this one!   Dare Dorm gives you all exclusive and uncensored access to the best selection of college sex videos featuring real amateur girls doing it all! These college co-eds get caught on film while sucking cock, masturbating themselves, engaging in hot lesbian sex, getting bent over and fucked in all their wet, tight holes and so much more! You won’t believe all these hot college girls are willing to do on a dare, just to become accepted into the fold of local Campus sisterhoods and dorm rooms in the hottest colleges! These babes want to graduate as the sluttiest co-eds in town!