Prepare yourself for this group bath with five naked girls because they are totally out of control! There are five HOT college girls total with one behind the camera. I can tell even before watching the video that these girls are hot and crazy. These wicked hot, naughty girls are in college together and they took the weekend off at a luxury spa and they can’t believe how big the hot tub in the bathroom is compared to the tiny shower in their dorm room! The girls decide to take a group bath together to celebrate and start taking off their clothes. Sexy girls start to strip down and pull out their hot tits. Within moments, they are all butt-naked with those nice, shaved, college pussies exposed. Totally naked, the girls get into the hot tub and soap each other up, fooling around and splashing water at each other. Up to now the girls are pretty much lathering themselves up, until one of them, a spunky brunette doll, turns over and asks her fiends to soap up her juicy bubble butt. Her friends are delighted to do so and this starts giving the rest of the naked girls some dirty ideas and gets the ball rolling, as they begin talking about their sex lives and their experiences with both guys and girls alike! Another girl admitted that she’d never been in a tub with other naked girls, she’d never been with a girl and had never ate a vagina. How about seduction of a first time lesbian? Immediately after, they all decided to get WILD! The blonde talking starts making out with the hot platinum blonde next to her, reaching out and cupping one of her big tits in her hand as she does so. The other girls are kissing now too, and hands start reaching out across the hot tub, as the girls are turned on and eager to touch and feel each other’s bodies. After making out in several combinations one of the girls gets down on all fours, wiggling her juicy ass while the rest of the girls touch and play with her body and pussy. The pussy eating is wonderful! Naked girls take turns spreading their legs wide open so they can get finger fucked, masturbated and eaten out by their dorm room friends. This is what female bonding is all about and this hot lesbian hot tub party is on! This is an all-out, lesbian orgy with non-stop pussy sucking and fingering until the all naked girls have orgasmed. Lucky for us, the whole thing was caught on video! Don’t miss this newest lesbian film and the chance to enjoy more college videos:   Crazy College GFs captures the raw and adventurous spirit of college co-eds at their wildest and craziest! How could these guys back at home let their so called innocent girlfriends leave for college without anticipating they’d be tempted by the free for all dorm room sex life and become cock craving, pussy munching college sluts and whores!?! Instead of sinking their faces into books and lectures, these girls are sinking them between their lovers’ legs so they can suck dick and eat pussy, get their tight holes fucked hard by massive sausage and big dildos and get their faces and bodies covered in cum! Watch naked girls masturbating right in the class, sucking cock in the university library, right at the crowded college dining hall!!!