This sexy blonde babe is getting ready for her bath when her boyfriend walks in on her with his camera in tow. She asks him what he’s doing and he tells her he wants to make an amateur sex video with her and not to worry, because he will definitely delete the video after they watch it (yeah, like that’s going to happen, lol). She is little hesitant at first, but finally her boyfriend gets to agree to make a sex tape. She likes the idea of being an amateur pornstar so she agrees, trusting that her boyfriend will not let that video never ever makes it to the public (yes, he is, in fact, her ex-boyfriend now, lol). He helps her get rid of the towel covering her smoking hot body and begins filming her juicy bubble butt as he caresses her and she passes her own hands all over that sexy body of hers. Her boyfriend records the whole time and gives us some nice looks at her fabulous ass, luscious pussy and her teen titties. Her bald pussy looks amazing while you watch from behind. The pussy rear view is especially outstanding! She is an young, slim, teen girl that might look shy, but as you’ll see in this homemade video she is a wild freak when it comes to sucking that dick. In no time, she has forgotten about the filming, the naked girl drops to her knees on the bathroom floor and takes his throbbing cock in her hands, guiding it to her open mouth and giving her man a wicked hot blowjob. She holds his shaft firmly at the base and licks the tip, thrusting it in and out of her wet, hot mouth. Girls, just take a look at that swirling blowjob technique! She looks at him with those sexy eyes as she simply swirls her tongue around the head of his penis! This naked girlfriend is on all fours sucking like she’s trying to win an AVN for “BJ of the Year” or something. After getting his dick sucked, he takes his sexy girlfriend to the bedroom and lets her lie down in bed and spread her legs so he can start fucking her in missionary position. Her body looks soo tight and sexy! This amateur sexy girl is an absolute teen dream, snd she has the sex skills to match! Her beautiful breasts bounce around as he pounds her pussy and her nipples are darting up, fully erect due to the arousal she is experiencing by being filmed while her boyfriend fucks her so hard. He flips the sexy girl over and gets her down on all fours so he can fuck her from behind. Truly inspired by that round ass, he goes absolutely wild in doggy style! She can’t wait for him to cum all over her or give her creampie! This amateur sex video is full-throttle in this GF Revenge update, and you won’t want to miss one second of it:   If you need to get a measure of revenge on that cheating slut of an ex-girlfriend of yours, you came to the right place! GF Revenge is all about exposing that bitch that took off her clothes, ate your hard sausage and licked your balls back when you were in love! You know you saved those video tapes and amateur movies where you fucked her pussy and ass! Now let other dudes enjoy watching you blowing your load all over her face and big tits! Ex lovers, boyfriends and fiancés submit their exes stolen and leaked sex videos here!