This hot brunette girlfriend is on vacations with her boyfriend and she is making sure she leaves him with many great mementos of this time together. While they chill at the pool, at this magnificent residence they booked for the weekend, the naughty vixen removes her swimsuit bottom and shakes her sultry bubble shaped butt in front of her man, turning him on and making his dick get so hard, it seems as if he’s pitching a tent under his trunks! Her naked ass looks absolutely fabulous as she squirms it up and down and all around in front of the camera. We get some great views looking up her naked ass from directly below. She has a nicely shaped ass for such a slim girl. Is there anyone else that loves slim girls with a nice ass? Lying on the edge on the pool with her sexy ass sticking up out of the water his hot girlfriend tempts him to have sex right there. His sexy naked girlfriend guides him to a nearby bed like swing and she cradles herself between his legs, grabbing his throbbing member in her soft hands and licking it like an ice-cream cone. This babe is slender, with silky dark hair, incredibly sexy eyebrows, pouty lips and a snug pussy that is the perfect fit for his big, thick cock. She straddles herself atop of her lover and rides his boner with such spur and spunk, she looks like a cowgirl down at the rodeo! She then turns over, still riding his dick, and keeps bucking her stud in reverse cowgirl, giving him a great view of her sexy ass. She gets back to sucking his cock, all the way down to the base, lifting it up so she can also lick his salty balls and tease his perineum with the tip of her tongue. She gets down on all fours and he penetrates her from behind, holding her by the hips as he fucks her doggie style. She enjoys being taken in this submissive position and after a while she is back flat on her back and feeling that thick dick inside her snatch, almost ready to shoot its load all over her sexy naked body! This sexy girlfriend doesn’t have quite as big tits as some of our girls but she is more than hot, with her beautifully shaped ass, long legs, charming face and cheerful personality. The babe has the looks, body, personality and The ‘X-FACTOR’ which you can’t manufacture! I know you’ll fall in love with her, you won’t want to miss the full video here:   The sexiest girls ever! MOFOS is the home of the hottest amateur girls, with over 1600 models, thousands of user submitted videos, exclusive footage, daily updates, mobile access, unlimited downloads and streaming, access to over 30 bonus sites and more! Watch these naughty amateur babes sucking hard cocks, jerking their men off, spreading their legs and getting each and every wet, tight hole in their bodies pounded hard and filled to the brim with hot cum! Stranded teens, anal, public fucking, Latinas, sluts and so much more, just pick your favorite and enjoy right now!