Beautiful mocha girlfriend fucked and filmed by her man. I’ve posted a lot of hot black girls, but this girlfriend is something amazing! She is just so outstandingly beautiful and sexy! What an awesome figure, a stunning booty, a very tight pussy with a nice little bush, she has model looks and a body that is slim and curvy. And in her sexy thong, we can’t stop staring at that perfect ebony ass! Not to mention, she is a sex freak at heart. You won’t want to miss the way she sucks his dick. This black girl sucks that dick like it is the last one on Earth. When she pulls out his huge white cock, her mouth automatically wraps it’s lips around his hard cock and begins stroking his cock while sucking it good. She is a champ! You won’t want to miss out on this hot black girlfriend’s sex tape: I never had a sexy, hot black girlfriend before, and I don’t wanna miss a thing when I’m with her, so I always carry my camera with me, and lately, we’ve even started filming our intimate moments. It gets us both very horny and excited, and we enjoy watching our amateur sex tapes afterwards and masturbating to them, together or alone, and even sharing them online with other horny people like us. This is our latest tape, filmed while she was sun tanning outside in her tiny thong, don’t tell me you ain’t getting a big hard-on from checking out that perfect bubble caramel butt, man! Since I’m getting a massive boner, we decide to get back inside the house so she can suck on my hard rod. She’s got this bright look on her face as she gobbles up my meaty sausage and straddles herself on top, letting it sink inside her mocha pussy while she fingers and rubs her clit, bouncing up and down my hard cock. She pulls her dark mocha titties over her bikini top and grinds her body up and down my lap like she’s at the club, man, this girl’s got the moves! She’s practically squatting on top of my boner, rubbing her muff, holding on tight, moaning and panting, I have to concentrate not to cum inside her, at least not yet, she wants this ride to last! My hot black girlfriend turns over and teases me with her juicy brown ass and rides me in reverse cowgirl, wiggling that delicious booty. I grab chunks of that caramel ass and let her ride and then she gets back to sucking on my rod, she knows I’m just about to blow my load and she loves it when I blast it all over her face and watch her lick off the excess! I think my black girlfriend is the hottest girl in the world!   It was amazing! He pounded that nice, tight pussy until he couldn’t take it anymore. Then Adriana jumped down and jerked off his cock until he busted a huge load in her mouth. Being the freak she was, Adriana let it drip all down her face. She just gave the camera a big smile and blew a kiss. You won’t want to miss out on this hot black girlfriend’s amateur sex tape! You know hot black girls fuck way better than white chicks and if you need more proof, cum on over to BlackGFs and watch how these sexy black girlfriends suck and fuck with their boyfriends on camera!