Another great update for you guys! This beautiful brunette teen girl is studying for her finals when an estranged friend comes over for a surprise visit. They used to be an off and on item until she got serious with another guy, but since things with him seem to be on an “it’s complicated” status, he’s come to persuade her to forget about her boyfriend and give him another opportunity to stuff her little pussy with his huge cock. Well, she really does miss that big, stiff dick of his and since she’s taking “time off” with her boyfriend, why the fuck not? She spreads her legs and watches as he pulls down on her red yoga pants and exposes her hairy muff, licking his fingers and rubbing her clit and wet slit with them. Totally turned on by this, she turns over and he pulls the pants further down, exposing her juicy butt and spreading her ass cheeks apart so he can tongue fuck her pussy. The naughty girl even asks him to tongue fuck her little asshole! She cradles herself between his legs and admires his massive sausage, it seems even bigger than the last time she played with it, but she’s surprised that she can still deepthroat that huge dong all the way down to his balls. I am amazed by her cocksucking skills, truly beautiful! After slobbering all over his 10 inches sausage and rubbing it all over her pussy he gets her down on all fours and rams it down her wet snatch, pounding her hard doggie style. She takes off the rest of her clothes and fully naked climbs over his monumental erection, impaling her tight cunt on it and riding it hard, harder than she could ever ride that tiny dick on her boyfriend! He fucks her in missionary position and she begs him to blow his load inside her snatch! Watch that sticky creampie oozing from her pussy lips! Love the creampie! Great scene! I love this girl. Tiny pussy, firm teen titties, shapely ass and a cute bush. Nearly deepthroated that huge cock in a sloppy BJ, fucked and ground him hard in the reverse cowgirl, lucious creampie … Winner! When your chick is acting lame, you’re glad you got TeensLoveHugeCocks to dish out scenes like this one to help you bust a good one! Your blue balls strike is now cancelled. Don’t miss more young girls sucking and fucking giant dick is awesome, more extra large dicks smashing up little pussies and making pussy loose, more cock worship and more creampies here:   Teens Love Huge Cocks is the perfect place for you to get your daily fix of hot teen sluts filmed while taking on the biggest cocks in porn! Check out their hot videos, and watch these naughty teen girls getting naked, sucking, gagging and choking on big, hard dicks and getting their young pussies stretched out by them in sordid XXX action! These cock addicted teen bitches are finally going to get their faces and bodies covered in cum after experiencing these huge cocks in front of the cameras! Tons of young girls and hours of footage to jerk off to, come inside! Check out more big cock for these cum hungry pussies.