Let’s start off by saying that these chicks are hot! These three girls are best friends and tonight they are going to party. Sit back and enjoy this amazing home video. Hot teens anticipate such a raucous night out on town, that one of them is filming it all, in case they black out and need to remember what happened last night, lol! After hitting a couple of bars, pubs and dives, the girls hook up with this lucky guy and get into some heated action! One of the girls lifts her t-shirt over her bra covered boobs and starts sucking his big, fat dick while getting filmed by her friend. That is when the real fun begins! She talks to the camera while sucking and stroking that cock and her other friend guides her head as she deepthroats it all the way down to the base. They start fucking right there on the spot, and the second girl can hardly believe all the crazy shit they’re doing! After banging her missionary on the floor for a while, they switch over and the first hot girl gets down on all fours so her guy can bang her pussy doggie style. She’s leaning against her friend, and she’s spreading her ass cheeks apart so the dude can penetrate her best friend’s from behind even deeper and harder while the third girl keeps filming! Good thing she’s got a steady pulse, we wouldn’t want jumpy footage of this shit, bro! Now she’s holding her by the hair, pulling on it a bit to make her hornier as that thick dick fills up her tight teen pussy. This turns her lover on so much; he knows he’s reached the point of no return! He pulls out of her pussy and keeps jerking his dick while the teen slut gets near and opens up wide, she wants that creamy load in her mouth and all over her face! What I love is “are you cumming on my face? really? oh, you I’ve never done this before.” No doubt she gets her face covered with cum for the first time. Her friend doesn’t miss a second and gets it all on film. What a night! Love to see hot teens have a great time partying. This is great amateur porn for sure. Thanks to their friend, who we never see in this amateur video but who obviously has what it takes to capture some amazing action with her two sexy friends. I don’t know what happened between her and her girlfriend, but it must have been something serious for her to let this one go.   Porn doesn’t get any better than when you get to watch real user submitted amateur tapes and homemade videos featuring some of the hottest real life girlfriends and ex-girlfriends getting it on in front of the cameras! This is GF Revenge and here you will find thousands and thousands of the hottest girlfriends with big butts, big tits and tight pussies enjoying blowjobs, cumshots, lesbians, and so much more! Your daily does of real amateur girlfriend porn is here, with new hot girls and new amateur videos added all the time! Come and watch these girlfriends get exposed!