This is one freaky ass college video. This hot girl invited me over to her dorm room for an evening of hard studying for a test. It’s a good thing that her roommates were off for the day, so we had the place all to ourselves and could focus on studying… well, ummm, at least that was the idea. After an hour of studying, I even didn’t notice how, but she took off her panties and sat on my knees! She said I have a little surprise for you! I could see her full figure, her wonderful titties, her naked pussy. Man, it was a beautiful sight. She even told me take the camera and film her naked. I don’t remember how, but I glued my lips to her erect nipples and my hands slid down to her firm little buttocks and to her wet slit. Hey, she’s fucking hot and I sure didn’t mind taking a study break to fuck her brains out and take care of that pre-test anxiety! She pulled out my erect cock and placed it between her legs right at her wet slit. She kept taking off the rest of her clothes and I did the same, my dick was hard as a rock when she straddled herself on top of me and began riding me! Naked girl worked that booty in circles, as she pushed hard up against me. Her naked tits and her erect nipples were bouncing up and down right in front of my face. Looks like she gets turned on by smart studious types! She rode me and played with her sexy tits before moving into missionary position. I banged her like this for a while, but my dick was in need of some extra lube, so she got between my legs and gave me head, sucking my hard cock and licking my balls. She was such a hot girl, she actually asked me to hold the camera while she sucked my dick. I wanted to return the favor and get a taste of her pussy, so I spread her legs and went down to town on her snatch, tongue fucking her wet slit and savoring her bittersweet pussy juices. Naked girl leaned over and I rammed my throbbing erection up her twat, fucking her from behind. She likes it and she even had this really cool tramp stamp on her lower back. She got her hot pussy pounded all around the room and finally I came in her. It was HOT!!! She asked me if I would like to keep studying with her in the future and I told her I totally looked forward to it while I blew my sticky load all over her face and tits, fucking hot!   Now this is what I call a proper dorm room sex video. This video reminds me why amateur porn is so much hotter. I suppose we can hope for another submission in the future from this couple! Crazy College Girlfriends takes you behind the scenes of College Campuses all over and into their dorm rooms, so you can find out what goes on behind closed doors and in the hallways when these naughty co-eds take off all their clothes and get it on! Their boyfriends have no idea that their cute and innocent girlfriends are becoming the life of the party at college frat parties and dorm room sex orgies! Watch these hot and naked college girls fucking in the university library, at the park where a group is playing Lacrosse in the distance, sucking dick right at the crowded college dining hall, masturbating with their roommates, having hot lesbian sex for the very first time and more! Tons of sexy coeds to check out and enjoy! You’ve NEVER SEEN something like this before!