Here is a story of my first lesbian experience. I had sex with a girl and it was the best experience ever. I really want to do it again with my best friend. Well.. we were home alone with my best friend, playing video games like we always used to and since we were planning a sleep over, we had already got comfortable, meaning I was in my panties, wink! I was pretty focused on the game, and as it turns out, my best friend was pretty focused on me, because all of the sudden, I felt her soft hand under my panties! Talk about awkward! I was so confused at first; I wasn’t sure what to do! I didn’t want to react abruptly and make her feel bad, and at the same time, it wasn’t as if having her fingers exploring my pussy was a bad thing; matter of fact, my after a few seconds my panties were drenched in my pussy juices! I was turned on big time! I tried to concentrate on the game but her fingers were doing things to my pussy that I could have never come up with in my wildest dreams and now she was taking my drenched panties off, spreading my legs and masturbating me shamelessly… and I was loving every second of it! I grinded my hips and pelvis, feeling her three fingers stuffing my pussy and my pussy juices dripping down the crack of my ass! The rug was getting soaked with my juices as I climaxed over and over! I finally let go of the control, convulsing and screaming out for more… and since I still had my headset on, all our friends playing with us online could hear what was happening, which instead of embarrassing me, only made me hornier! I kissed her lips as she stripped me naked and ate me out on the rug! I closed my eyes taking in the feeling of her touching my little wet pussy with her sweet lips and her tongue. It was amazing, to have a naked girl pressed against me, kissing my pussy mound, feeling my body, caressing every intimate detail between my legs! We 69’d and ate each other out the rest of the night! We are two girls in love!   Sensational teen babes with juicy boobs and firm butts and dripping wet pussies in the best hardcore porn ever! Young 18 year old girls get down on their knees to suck huge cocks, lick balls, then bend over and spread their buttocks so their yummy pussy and ass can get slammed hard in front of the cameras! RK brings you the hottest hardcore sex scenes, the sexiest teen girls, these guys have the best porn on the planet! Watch these hot teens in sensational dick sucking, hard fucking, anal pounding, lesbian loving, group masturbating and cum drenching hardcore action! 