This started out as an ordinary beer pong party in the dorm room, but as you can clearly see, it turned into something that much more awesome! That’s right, in this amateur footage, these guys began the beer pong party, and then it turned into a Never Have I Ever sex orgy, where naked girls got fucked together, and they loved it. The sexy co-eds just started taking off their clothes and making out with each other while the guys watched and got turned on and rock hard! The raunchy college girls put their skilled hands and fingers to good use, parting their wet pussy lips and rubbing their slits and clits in front of the shaky cameras of their all horny pals! Naked girls began eating pussy and the guys stroked their hard cocks as they observed the wild and kinky girl on girl live show they were being offered. It turned out to be a fuck fest of epic proportions. In the bunk beds, a couple of horny couples were getting it on. Matter of fact, the lucky guy on the top bunk bed was getting it on with three different hot co-eds at the same time! Down below, this gorgeous naked blonde was flat on her back with her juicy bubble butt jutting up, getting boned from behind by her bald lover. Everywhere you turned in this wild college sex orgy somebody was fucking, masturbating making out and/or getting or receiving oral sex! It’s unbelievable how sexy these college girls were, and horny too. Every fucking surface on the dorm room turned into a, um, fucking surface! Anything from the beds and the floor to the bathroom sink and the ping pong table! With such a wild party going on, more and more horny guys and naked girls kept showing up to fuck, and by the time the dorm room just got too small for so many kinky peeps, they took it to the dorm hallway to keep this wild, sexy party popping, baby! This party was the first for a lot of them. Gotta love college. Everybody that’s gone to college knows that the best things about it are the dorm parties! Be sure to check out the full length video and enjoy this real college footage. If you enjoy watching uncontrolled dorm room sex parties, then you’ll enjoy DareDorm. This latest sex party is a must-see. Enjoy:   When you go to College, there are two things you definitely don’t want to miss out on: Great sex and beautiful college co-eds! That’s why Dare Dorm brings you the highest quality and high definition amateur porn featuring the raunchiest college sex parties and dorm room sex orgies! This will make you feel like you are in the middle of the action as gorgeous and sexy college babes enjoy getting their tight pussies fucked very hard by big dicks, intense lesbian action, solo or group masturbation, cock sucking, cumshots, facials, creampies and much more! Join and check out all the naked girls and hot videos!