My girlfriend goes to the gym and she has the perfect body, her shapely butt looks awesome, so it’s just natural that she loves to post belfies (a belfie is a bum selfie) on Instagram, but this time I asked her to make some naughty pics just for me, so she stripped down and started taking some shots while checking herself out in front of the mirror. Yes, I love her round, firm, tight buttocks. When she caught me watching, she chastised me, after all, I was not supposed to see them yet! Anyway, when she noticed the huge bulge she had provoked underneath my boxers, she lightened up and decided to help me out with that raging erection, cradling herself between my legs and giving me a hot, delicious blowjob! After taking some naked selfies of her flawless ass in the mirror my girlfriend was more than ready for a little sextape. I love it when she drools all over my shaft and she gets these sticky saliva strands connecting my hard cock to her perfect lips, it’s so damn sexy! She licked and kissed my balls while gently stroking my erection. Her pussy got so wet, she wanted my dick bad. I laid her down and she spread her legs wide open so I could fuck her tight twat. She was already wet and ready to go, baby! I began to stroke that pussy nice and slow while she rubbed her clit. As I banged her she closed her eyes, moaning, her soft hands caressing her nude skin and pressing her big all natural tits together. She also rubbed the hood of her clit while my hard cock thrusted in and out of her tender slit. She turned over, offering me her hot bubble shaped ass so I could fuck her from behind doggie style, spreading her ass cheeks apart with her hands so my dick could go deeper inside her muff and fuck her harder. I pounded that pussy deep and hard from the back like a wild man and she liked it! Her beautiful big tits bounced up and down from the stroking. Her naked ass looks much better with my hard dick sticking out between her buttocks. We changed positions again and I pounded that pussy some more in missionary, until I was ready to pull out and blow my load all over her precious face, her open mouth and her big tits! She is so hot with with some nice streams of jizz flowing down over her naked body… Absolutely perfect are the only words to describe the dream girlfriend, in this update. That girl has a body like a goddess with nice tan skin, big succulent tits, and a perfect ass and she knows how to satisfy her man. Don’t forget to download this amateur porn video in full length, you won’t want to miss one second of it!   If you ever asked yourself where you can bust a nut to homemade sex tapes, amateur porn videos and hot xxx-rated pictures of your naked girlfriends, the answer is over here at GF Revenge! After these girls broke up with their boyfriends, these guys decided to get even by posting all those homemade videos of them posing naked, sucking dick, getting their pussies fucked, enjoying anal sex and having hot cum sprayed all over their faces and bodies! Now that they are no longer together and love is over, there is nothing stopping their exes from sharing this XXX footage online! These amateur girls doing incredible things on camera!