Fucking two sexy cheerleaders in the locker room! Pick a good seat because you won’t want to miss this amazing college sex video! This amateur video is simply incredible. Yes, you heard it right, sex with two hot cheerleaders in the locker room, what could be better? This is one more awesome scene from my favorite porn site. Do you think being a cheerleader for a guy is that bad? Check this dude, he gets to fuck all the girls in the team one by one, this is why this guy’s in the girls’ cheer squad! It’s a big game ahead and the girls are all hyped up and excited, getting ready in the locker room to give it their best in the field and motivate their team for a big win! Cheerleader dude is filming them with his video camera, which he brings to every single game, because he knows his teammates have a particular way of getting ready for their task at hand! Any man would want to get in that and record it. The girls look incredibly sexy in uniform! While one of the girls sits on the bench and pulls his hard cock from under his trunks so she can suck it, the other girl on the team sits back and watches while masturbating! She has her top pulled over her titties and she’s playing with them while rubbing and fingering her wet twat, watching how he’s getting his throbbing erection sucked and his big balls licked by the other cheerleader! These hot cheerleaders don’t seem to mind the camera! The girl sucking his dick bends over and pulls her yellow panties down so he can fuck her twat from behind. He gives it to her good, grabbing on to her hips and her outfit while she grabs on to a nearby locker. It’s clear that anyone can walk in at any moment, but it just makes the action even hotter. Girl who is playing with her pussy takes the camera and begins to record her best friend getting fucked in doggy style. He fucks that pussy like a champ! She lies on the bench and spreads her legs so he can continue fucking her pussy in missionary position and the other girl is standing now, with her hands between her legs, vigorously finger fucking her tight pussy while watching her teammates fucking so hot and good! Her favorite part will come when he pulls out of her pussy and blasts his creamy spunk all over her face and open mouth! Then the naked cheerleaders both suck his cock at the same time. After that, an all-out threesome ensued, hot naked girls took turns taking that dick in doggy style on the bench in the locker room. Who would ever imagine that these college girls are into threesome sex. He sent the video to GFRevenge so the whole world would know how great being a guy cheerleader! If you are a fan of cheerleader porn than this video is for you.   When sexy girlfriends agree to let their boyfriends film them while they are sucking their dicks, getting fucked and creampied, they do it knowing well that if their relationship ends, it wouldn’t be unlikely for their amateur sex tapes and homemade porn videos to end up right here, exposed online at GF Revenge! Come on and check out tons of hot amateur real life girlfriends stripping naked, sucking dick, getting fucked, masturbating, having lesbian sex, threesomes with their boyfriends and so much more, in loads of awesome user submitted amateur videos and homemade sex tapes that’ll make you blow your load!