This guy is giving his sexy girlfriend a little football practice, and the fact that she’s wearing all her football gear, sans pants, makes it all much better! He asks his sexy girlfriend to show him her defensive position, but with only a thong and a jersey on. Guys, do you like the girls who wear football jerseys? So sexy! Her juicy bubble butt looks damn fine in her white cotton panties as she bends over to grab the ball and practice her shots. She realizes all this practicing has gotten her boyfriend pretty excited; it looks like he’s concealing a baseball bat and a couple of baseballs underneath his trunks, lol! No doubt, her boyfriend has other plans in mind as he watches her stretch it out. She changes into a more comfortable lingerie tank top and takes her man to bed, allowing him to peel off her lace panties and eat out her wet muff. She takes his throbbing cock in her tiny hands and drops to her knees so she can worship it, sucking and stroking it hard while licking his balls. The naughty girl gazes at the camera with her cute face sucking his huge cock, I like it! That only makes the BJ hotter. After a stellar, lip-smacking performance, she takes off the tank top too so her man can suck on her puffy nipples and play with her nice tits. Sexy college girlfriend lies down on the bed and spreads her legs, feeling how that big, hard cock penetrates her as her boyfriend begins banging her in missionary position. She licks her fingers and uses them to rub her slit for better lubrication while his love stick slips in and out of her tight gash. She also enjoys rubbing her clit while he is fucking her so hard and she grabs on tight to the sheets when she feels him going in deep inside her. He rubs his dick up and down her meaty slit before going in again, pumping her with dick meat before he flips her over, getting that nasty college bitch down on all fours so he can fuck her cunt doggie style. He strokes that hot welcoming pussy from various angles, and sexy college girl takes it like a pro. She has one orgasm after another, and when it is finally her man’s turn, he pulls out and busts a sticky shower of love all over her sexy body, spilling his seed all over her face, boobs and pussy.   When these cute and innocent teens left their homes, families and boyfriends for college, they never imagined in their wildest dreams that they would end up here, at Crazy College GFs! Once settled in their dorm rooms at campus and accepted into their respective sororities, these girls discover the wild, kinky sex that goes on at intense college sex parties and campus orgies! Now they spend most of their time partying, getting naked, sucking cock, eating pussy and fucking hard like there’s no tomorrow… and they are having the time of their lives! Don’t miss real amateur sextapes of hot college girls sucking dick at the crowded college dining hall, masturbating in the class during an exam, getting fucked at the park where a group is playing soccer in the distance… Cum check them all out here!