College Dorm Room Pranks! Are looking for fresh College Dorm Room Pranks ideas? You won’t want to miss this amateur sex tape! Naughty college coeds pull pranks and fuck with their dorm room friends. College dorm room pranks rule! A group of horny college coeds being bored decided to pull pranks on their dorm neighbors. These naughty college babes taped up their friends’ dorm room door with duct tape and now they are snapping topless selfies in front of it. Crazy girls! They are pretty much pulling pranks on everybody in their hall, but that’s okay, the guys take it in great spirits, after all, the girls are hot and half naked and they know that eventually things will heat up and this prank party will turn into a hot, wild sex party! It don’t take long from duck taping a door to flashing naked tits at students passing by their room. The chicks invite the guys to their room and when they pass through the door, the girls pour their soda glasses all over them, an excellent excuse for those clothes to come off! The girls felt really bad about pranking people, next thing to do is to give them group blow jobs! The last two geeks are probably the luckiest dudes on campus. As expected, the party goes kinky! These girls were out of control. One of the girls is down on her knees, sucking this guy’s rock hard cock, while next to her, her roommate is bouncing up and down this other guy’s hard cock, riding him while the third girl gets naked and stands on a chair, observing the hot action from above. She decides to join the fucking couple, caressing the guy’s chest while watching her friend ride his dick. ON the other bed, a sexy blonde relaxes and checks out the party unfolding before her eyes. Now the prankster riding cock in on her back, with her legs spread and getting her pussy fucked in missionary while her friend plays with her tits. The guy getting blown is watching them, it gets him so turned out, he blows his load all over the girl’s open mouth and she loves tasting and swallowing his hot load! The naked girl with big tits next to them getting fucked is eager for her stud to blow his load all over her too! Fuck, this is the best pranks ever! In the end, these two lucky guys both bust a nut on all naked girls in the room! Don’t miss the full video!!! Oh, the joys of being in college. With crazy girls like these, you gotta love dorm room pranks.   Amateur college porn videos! When girlfriends get into college, some of them will do anything to get accepted into their new environment and Crazy College Gfs is about all these naughty girls. The raunchiest and dirtiest college fucking action is here to be seen in high quality video. Watch and jerk off to these sexy college girls making all their dirty sex fantasies cum true now that they are at Campus, having hot lesbian action with their roommates, licking pussy and using dildos to fuck their pussies and asses in front of the camera! See them sucking dick at the crowded diner, having sex in public at campus, getting all their wet holes fucked and cummed on too! What these amateur girls do is something amazing!