You won’t want to miss this homemade sextape! Beautiful blonde girlfriend enjoys sucking dick and fucking with her man. She is a super hot girlfriend with a sexy body, a phat ass white girl, and is really cute! This sexy blonde GF was doing the laundry in her sexy thong while her man recorded her and it got her so turned on. At first she tried to stop him, but thankfully, he kept the camera rolling the whole time. While her man filmed her, she took off her blouse to reveal her lovely boobies. This is really an exceptionally good video, especially for breast lovers because this sexy blonde has got gorgeous big tits. Any man would want to get in that and record it! His girlfriend flashed her big tits and eventually pulled down her panties to reveal that bubble butt and her nice shaved pussy. She decided they’d use the time while waiting for the washer to complete its cycle to fuck and film themselves! Beautiful blonde stripped fully naked before him and dropped to her knees, taking his throbbing erection in her soft hands and popping it into her wet, hot mouth, sucking it hard and licking it all the way from the tip to his big balls. Hot blonde gave her man the sexiest blowjob ever! She could feel that cock getting bigger and harder in her mouth as her tongue played with it and she made sure to orally service his balls too before making her man lie flat on his back on the laundry room floor so she could straddle herself atop of his burgeoning erection and ride it like a seasoned cowgirl! Naked blonde rode his rock hard dick like a champ while her big titties bounced up and down from the thrusting! The laundry room turned into her very own private erotic rodeo and she rode that big hard dick like there was no tomorrow, feeling it sink deep inside her and fill her up with undeniable pleasure! POV only made their amateur sex video that much hotter. She’s got this big sexy smile on her lovely face as she squats over his cock and bounces up and down, with her delicious tits following suit. She’s rubbing her slit and clit, parting her pussy lips with her fingers so that thick cock can penetrate her even deeper. He bends his naked girlfriend over, puts her down on all fours and she makes sure the camera is in the best position to capture her face and her tight shapely ass as he fucks her doggie style, right next to the washer. That booty was so juicy, he banged that ass hard and deep, so hot! Then he flips her over and pounds that snatch hard in missionary position, ready to pull out and blew a huge cum load all over her sexy body as the washer completes its cycle! You definitely don’t want to miss watching this beautiful girl, watch the full movie here:   Sign up and watch the sexiest amateur real life girlfriends getting naked, masturbating, playing with dildos on webcam, having hot lesbian sex and having a threesome with their best friends, sucking dick, licking balls, getting fucked up all their wet tight holes and getting sprayed with gallons of hot cum and it all happens in front of the camera! GF Revenge takes amateur porn to the very next level as users submit and share their dirtiest amateur sex tapes, homemade videos and leaked footage from their ex-girlfriends’ Facebook and social networking accounts! New stuff and new beautiful girlfriends get added all the time so the amateur fun never ends! Check it out!