Sexy dark haired girlfriend fucked hard at home after working out at the beach! This couple is hanging out at the beach on a nice, sunny day. The girlfriend, a smoking hot brunette babe, is doing some exercise in a sexy bikini. She looks stunning and her man can’t keep his eyes off her smoldering body as she works out on the sand. How to become every man’s dream girl? A perfect ass makes every guy happy! That’s way she is doing exercise in a skimpy black bikini and thong in front of her boyfriend. She knows her ass looks absolutely perfect. She has many tats adorning her perfect skin, big tits and one hell of a juicy ass! On the way back to their place, she teases him, pulling her titties over her bra and giving him a preview of what’s to cum as soon as they get back home! When she flashes her big tits to her BF in the car, we know it will one more amazing sex tape. Back at the house, his girlfriend slightly hesitates at first but she gets down on her knees and starts sucking his dick on the camera. Still wearing her black bikini, she crawls between his legs on the couch and starts sucking his rock hard cock with a sexy smile on her face. She massages his throbbing erection between her big breasts and gets down on all fours over the sofa, spreading her delicious ass cheeks so he can fuck her from behind, stuffing her tight muff with his thick dick. She knows how he wants it and gets two hands wrapped around behind her ass to spread her buttocks really wide open to take that dick really deep. Her bubble butt looks fantastic in this position. He gives it to her good and she enjoys getting banged doggie style. That booty is so juicy, as it bounces and rebounds everywhere. It’s so hot when she slaps her ass from time to time. Then his sexy babe turns over and spreads her legs so he can pound her snatch in missionary position while she gazes straight into his eyes and rubs her muff. Her big tits are bouncing up and down while he’s drilling her pussy to orgasm. Hot naked girl licks her lips, knowing he’s about to cum, and he pulls out of her pussy, stroking his cock and blasting strands of hot jizz all over her belly and tits! Sexy girl takes a big load of jizz on her tongue and in her mouth. The creamy cum drips down the sides of her body and the black haired beauty giggles as she watches the way her boyfriend has left her covered in his hot semen, now she just has to lick it all up! That messy cum facial is quite spectacular!   A good video camera sure comes in handy when you are dating a hot and sexy babe! You never know when she’s going to ditch you, break up with you or cheat on you, and whenever that happens, you wanna hold on to these hot amateur sex tapes and homemade videos where she is sucking your cock, masturbating and having lesbian sex with her friends or bouncing up and down your cock and getting her face smeared with your cum! Come to GF Revenge and watch the dirtiest amateur girlfriends turned into hot real life pornstars! Don’t miss out!