Man, I just fucked my neighbor’s daughter! How often can you say that? You know it, when you get an opportunity like this, you don’t just let it pass you by, baby! No way! I saw her on the street near high school and offered to drive her home. After chatting with her for a few minutes I could tell this chick was a real tease, so I proposed to give her $50 for flashing her young titties! I confess I was kinda worried she’s slap me in the face, walk away and tell my neighbor, but instead, the dirty slut pulled her top and bra down and showed me her melons! She had beautiful tits and she even let me cup a feel! I pulled over so I could enjoy the experience; those tits were awesome, man! I could tell she liked the way I was touching them and we were both getting pretty turned on. She told me to pull down my pants and started sucking my throbbing cock on the spot! I offered her 300 bucks to head to a nearby garage and fuck and she agreed, yeah! I parked on an empty area and we got in the back seat, where she stripped naked and continued sucking my rod. She lied back and spread her legs, allowing me to insert my cock in her. She had a delightful silky smooth pussy and youthful yummy breasts. She looked amazingly hot! I penetrated, fucking her hard and fast in the backseat of my car while she moaned, grunted, panted and played with her tits for me. She even slapped her clit with her hand when I fucked her, she’s so hot! Her 18 year old pussy was so tight and wet, awesome! Much better than the old cunt of my wife. We got out of the car and I opened the driver’s door so she could lean over it and I could pound her mound from behind! It was the most perfect ass. It was amazing, when she moved her ass up and down on my dick shaft, riding me reverse cowgirl in the back seat. Is there something better than hot naked girl riding your dick? He leaned forward to spread her lovely ass right in my face, teasing, fucking, squeezing me with her tight 18 year old pussy. The excitement of maybe getting caught made it even hotter as I banged her hard and blew my load all over her slutty face and sexy tits! Her dirty talk had me blow out a huge load. The neighbor’s daughter is slut, I was right!   This girl is crazy hot! Perfect face, perfect tits and perfect shaved pussy! One of the hottest car sex scenes to date, loved the in-car action with her beautiful naked body being sunsplashed through the shade! Don’t miss more amateur sex tapes with hot girls at Crazy College GFs! College girls that dare to get naughty at inappropriate times and risky places. The web site takes you on a wild tour behind the scenes of College Campuses all across the country so you can see the XXX uncensored action that happens with hot college girls! When these naughty girls strip naked and get it on, anything can happen… and it will! Cum inside and watch the craziest college sex tapes, these sex crazed college girlfriends cum to live in front of your eyes! They wanna party, suck cock, fuck and get covered in cum!