We has finally got the first ever hardcore scene with the most beautiful and sexy girl. This scene has everything a scene needs to be the best ever: the best chick, the best bikini and the best ass! This may be the best porn scene ever. The day finally came for this new girl, to do what we’ve all been waiting for… to stuff her beautiful pussy with some hard cock. This guy walks into the bedroom and finds his smoking hot girlfriend in bed wearing what has to be described as the fucking hottest bikini in the history of ever! It has this awesome v strap that goes from her shoulders to the crack of her ass and looks so sexy when she moves around and poses for her man. Sexy girl strips naked and goes back to bed, getting down on all fours as he rubs his throbbing cock up and down that sexy crack of her bubble shaped ass. This girl’s butt is fabulous, one of the best asses I’ve ever seen! She bites her lips and wets her tongue as he rubs it between her tender pussy lips, teasing her until he finally jams it deep inside her wet gash and begins fucking her doggie style. Her ass does this hot smacking sound as he pounds her from behind and they kiss and masturbate each other as she straddles herself on top of his burgeoning erection and impales her pussy on it, riding him hard. She grinds her hips and ass, pressing her crotch against his as he munches the puffy nipples on her big sexy tits and gives it to her good. Next he places her in missionary position and keeps drilling her snatch while this sexy thing touches herself, then he sits by the edge of the bed and sexy naked babe massages his hard cock between her delicious ass cheeks. Watch them fuck in standing position before he cums hard all over her hot sweaty body! Love the doggy and cowgirl view when that pussy/pink sock was gripping and wringing out that cock, she got a nice load. This girl it’s on fire! I have never been more jealous of anyone in my life. Glorious gal, glorious pussy, glorious ass, capped off with a glorious cumshot. Congratulations RK for being the first site to bring us her first b/g scene, DON’T MISS the full video by the link above. Probably the best thing to hit the Internet since the Internet itself. Well done RK, I applaud you and salute you. 