Man, I just got the hottest sensual massage from the hottest Asian babe in town! My friend recommended her and I went in for a full body rub and her hands were magical, and as she oiled me up and rubbed me down I waited for the right moment to offer her a tip for a happy ending, as my friend instructed me to! With a naughty smile on her sexy face she let her hands wander underneath the small white towel covering my crotch and I could feel her fingers stimulating my cock and balls! This hottie was really happy to get right to giving a sensual rubdown. After some a big cash tip upfront, she went right to work on my cock. She stripped naked in front of me and jumped on top of the massage table, straddling herself over my hard cock and letting it sink into her wet, hot, tight snatch and riding me in reverse cowgirl! Her beautiful titties bounced up and down as she grinded her juicy bubble butt against my crotch and now I could feel her vaginal muscles massaging my throbbing member! It was the best cock riding that I’ve ever seen. She was a serious hot asian babe, with a fantastic booty! I swear she knows how to ride cock, knows how to move and how to woth with her ass! As the naked Asian girl leaned back against me I could feel her silky black hair brushing against my chest and I reached over to grope her delicious breasts. Her body was slick with baby oil, so fucking hot! She smiled as she twerked on my cock, caressing her body and mine. She got up, faced me and squatted, letting my cock sink back into her pussy. She rode me hard and fast, twerked me some more and then flipped into reverse again, riding me erection and rubbing her wet muff at the same time! We got into a 69 and I ate out her pussy and ass while she stroked my cock and licked my balls. Lying between my legs, she licked my balls until I blew my load all over my chest! You can notice that the cumshot should be on her face or on her sexy body, not on me, but it was awesome when a girl licks your balls during orgasm, I just couldn’t stop. That hot Asian babe made another customer satisfied from a happy ending. Best happy tug ever!   Are you into happy endings? Do you get turned on by smoking hot oriental masseuses with big tits and juicy butts? Would you like to get oiled up and rubbed down by these fascinating Asian girls? If your answer to all the above is a rotund “Yes!” you need to cum to Happy Tugs and enjoys tons of high definition videos featuring the hottest Asian dolls giving their clients the best rub down in town and a happy ending they will always remember! These Asian chicks love sucking dick and fucking on the massage table!