Two young black girls PLUS a huge white cock = EXCELLENT! My next door neighbor is into black teens, so it was no surprise when he invited me and my best friend over to his place so we could spend the day by the pool. My girl and I put on our skimpiest, sexiest bathing suits and teased him twerking in the pool, making the water splash while shaking and wiggling our juicy ebony bubble butts! We were both wearing thongs, you know, with that G string digging in deep into the crack of our brown butts while we grinded them for our man! We rubbed them together and judging by the huge bulge under his swimming trunks, he was turned on big time! He took us inside and into his bedroom and let us play with his huge cock! His big cock was more than 10 inches long. It was the first time I saw so huge cock. We were fascinated by this vision before our faces. My girl and I got cozy between his legs and started giving his huge throbbing cock a wicked hot double blowjob! We held it together and licked it, taking turns stroking that virile shaft, sucking the tip of his dick and licking his big balls. While my girl kept sucking his cock, I removed my thong and sat on his face so he could eat out my pussy and ass with his tongue! He put me down on my hands and knees and gave it to me hard from behind, I could feel that big dick parting my tender pussy lips and drilling my little young pussy so good while my girl watched and sucked it on its way out of my cunt! We made out while he fucked me doggie style and then my friend rode his big dick while I watched and masturbated. She rode him eagerly, bouncing up and down on that huge thing and swirling her hips. Then was my turn, I lay on my back with my legs spread and he pushed his big dick deep inside me once again. He had the most fantastic cock and I loved the feeling of it sliding fast into me. He took turns banging us both and blew his creamy load all over my belly and titties and my friend’s face and tits! Feeling his semen inside me and all over my body got me even hotter! So hot!   No doubt, these two young naked girls loved his huge white dicks. Two of my fav girls. Model faces with model bodies. Teens Love Huge Cocks will capture your interest from the get go, as these naughty teen sluts begin a sexy search for the biggest cocks on the block. These teens want to know how it feels to get their mouth, pussy and ass stuffed with more dick meat than they can handle, have their pussies pounded hard, their assholes stretched wide open and their throats fucked and filled to the brim with gallons of hot cum! Cum and watch as these sexy teen girls get fucked hard and covered in jizz after getting fucked by the biggest dicks!