This crazy girlfriend is on a bus tour with her boyfriend and it seems like the surrounding view and thought about his hard dick in his pants made her horny. She lets her boyfriend know about it and he tells her to spread her legs, reaching between them and under her skirt, rubbing and fingering her wet twat! She is shocked at first, she can’t believe her boyfriend is masturbating her in public, people around them, but it‘s fucking hot, no doubt about that! This is something they have both fantasized about for a very long time, they just never seemed to find the right place or scenario to play it out, but this tour bus loaded with tourists just seems to be the right place for them to get very wild and naughty with each other. He quickly brings his girlfriend to orgasm with his fingers. She bit her lower lip to hold her moans of her climax. Then this crazy girl decides to make the bus tour a little more interesting! Since everybody is checking out the scenery, she decides to whip his hard cock out of his shorts and give him a blowjob. Sex in front of others, so hot! Some of the tourists sitting around them see them, some are surprised and some are shocked, but everybody loves what they are seeing and they urge the naughty exhibitionist couple to go on so they can indulge in their voyeur fantasies. The hot girlfriend sucks her man’s hard cock and licks his balls, deepthroating his throbbing erection and drooling all over it. She has her tank top rolled up over her titties and her nipples and perky and puffy. She keeps stroking and sucking on his hard cock and massaging his balls, ready to open up wide and swallow all his creamy cum the moment he blows his load all over that sexy, slutty face of hers! My favorite part of this amateur sex tape is the way that she enjoys getting her mouth filled with cum while the tourists sitting around them watch and even take a photo. The combination of the blowy with some plump firm titty fucking, and her swallowing his load, made this an unforgettable ride and lucky for us, the whole thing was caught on video! This is one public blowjob video that will surely be an instant hit. If you’ve ever dreamed of seducing your lover while riding in public transit, then this video, is a definite must-see.   Crazy College GFs is all about hot, sexy college girls having sex in public places, like the classroom, college library, campus, college diner or any other place! No place, no matter how public, is off limits for these naughty college co-eds when they get turned on and these college girls are naked and ready to suck dick and fuck 24/7! Here you can enjoy exclusive amateur videos and homemade sex movies featuring the most beautiful real college girlfriends stripping naked, masturbating, fucking, sucking cock and getting drenched in loads of hot cum, courtesy of their boyfriends and their college dorm roommates! If you love hot college girls and nonstop sex, this is your spot!