This girl could never get her boyfriend to exercise with her, so she decided to invite her hot best friend over so they could work out in the park and surprisingly, her boyfriend decided to tag along with them. The girls warmed up, they walked, they jogged, they ran, they exercised, they flexed, the works! He couldn’t stop commenting about how HOT his girlfriend and her best friend looked in their little workout clothes. When the girls turned around and gave us a peak at those tiny shorts, we knew why. Those two asses were ripe and juicy. Afterwards the girls went back to their place and the sexy girlfriend decided to reward her boyfriend for finally deciding to do something about his health and fitness with a steamy threesome with her best friend, now that’s how you get a guy interested in working out! At first the girls were hesitant about the video camera but he convinced them that he’d let them delete the video afterward. They make him lie down on the couch as the girls get naked and the hot blonde girlfriend starts sucking his rock hard cock while her best friend gets behind her and eats out her wet snatch! Pussy eating from behind was insane but the friend wanted that yummy dick too. Naked girls take turns sucking and stroking his juicy dick and his girlfriend straddles herself on top, with her round bubble butt facing him, and rides his throbbing erection while the best friend watches and plays with her friend’s tits and nipples, kissing, licking and sucking on them. Watch your girlfriend licking another women’s pussy is so exciting. His girlfriend knows how much he wants to fuck her best friend, so she gets down on all fours and he pounds her hard from behind doggie style while his girlfriend spreads her legs in front of her so she can get her beaver licked and sucked by her. This was a non-stop threesome chalk-full of pussy licking, cock sucking and pussy pounding. The lucky guy went wild on those two hot pussies. With their threesome in full swing, he takes turns banging both naked girls as they have hot lesbian sex between each other. While he’s ramming his thick dick up the best friend’s tight pussy, his girlfriend tells him she wants to see him cumming inside her pussy and that if they keep working out together, they will also continue fucking together afterwards! He didn’t stop until they’d both orgasmed. It has been a threesome they’ve never forget.   There is something very special and unique in the way in which a loving girlfriend wraps her tender lips and smooth tongue around her boyfriend’s hard cock, licking his hairy balls and spreading her longs so he can eat out her snatch and fuck her pussy and ass any way he likes, while getting captured on film, becoming their lovers’ amateur porn starlets in their homemade sex videos! GF Revenge is the website where cheating ex-girlfriends and amateur girls get exposed sucking and fucking online until their bodies are covered in cum! Cum right now, meet all these naked girls and check out all the user submitted videos!