You know what turns this hot blonde teen on? Riding her bike! Hey, I’m talking about her really “riding” her bike! The way that bike seat sinks between her ass crack and pussy lips as she rides it really turns her on and gets her so wet, she needs to stop to pleasure herself! Watch as she removes the bike’s seat and uses its pipe as a dildo to fuck her twat with! No, innocent passersby, don’t panic! This is not some freak bicycle accident; this blonde chick is just getting herself off! She loves to masturbate and do some extreme things with her teen pussy. She looks around to make sure nobody’s watching and lies on the grass, ready to indulge in that big metal pipe fucking her tight twat! She squats on top of it, impaling her pussy on it and sliding up and down, but it’s really hard to get off knowing it’s getting late and she could bump into somebody so she takes her bike back home and once she gets there, she takes the seat with her to her bedroom! Looks like the ride is not over yet! She places the seat on the floor with the long pipe pointing up and squats on it again, this time she lets it sink all the way in and rides it hard and fast. She gets on her bad and holds it with her feet, fucking herself with it while she uses her free hands to pull her tank top up and play with her tits! She decides to switch toys, after all, the bike seat is okay but it’s no match for her magic wand! She turns that bitch on and rubs it against her pussy while on the rug, cumming very hard, but she’s still so horny! Look at this naked girl fisting her wet pussy while checking herself out in the mirror! Teenage girl ends up with a nice natural orgasm! Finding some shade right off the busy street, she fingers herself, then she stuffs three cucumbers all the way up her vagina until they completely disappear and pushes it out using her pussy muscles. The guys from FTVGirls meet her at her neighborhood college area, a popular place for students to hang out, don’t miss more amazing masturbation videos with this crazy college girl. At FTVGirls their primary focus is on making amateur masturbation videos.  