Boyfriend, girlfriend and best friend share the love in a steamy threesome fuck! You know how competitive girls can get, right? Take these two girls for example, they are comparing their titties and pussies and then decide to compare their blowjob skills! In order to do so, they snap some hot, naughty selfies of each other and one of the girls, a sexy Latina girl, sends them to her boyfriend and calls him over so he can judge which of them sucks dick the best! In order to make this contest even more interesting than it already is, they blindfold him for the experience, is that hot or what? These two naked girls are taking turns and switching back and forth to see if he can guess which one is sucking his cock or if he can even tell them apart! Looks like the girls’ cock sucking talents are so evenly matched up; he can hardly tell the difference! The girls decide they made the dude suffer enough, and remove the blindfold so he can check them out as they take off their panties and get ready to join him in bed in a steamy threesome fuck! His sexy Latina girlfriend straddles herself on top of her boyfriend’s dick and rides it hard, fast and furious!!! She’s much curvier than her sexy ebony friend and her ass is a perfectly shaped bubble that grinds against his crotch like a sex machine! While he’s banging her, the friend is filming them with her smartphone! She wants to keep a memento of this! He pounds his hot girlfriend so hard, delivering a rough and wild pussy pounding, until he cums in her. You even can see that sticky sperm oozing out of her vagina. She even does a spread for us to showcase the goods. Two girls use their hands and mouthes together to make his dick ready for a second round! Now the friend straddles herself on top of her best friend’s boyfriend’s dick and begins to ride it too! Latina girlfriend can tell they are both really enjoying this but she’s okay with it, after all, it’s her best friend and her boyfriend, they deserve to have some fun and she’s getting off watching them, so it’s all fine! This is one awesome Dare Dorm classic you won’t want to miss:   These naughty cock craving college co-eds are willing to do it all on a dare, and if you want to find out what happens when the lights go out and the sex is on in the dorm room, you need to check out Dare Dorm! The hottest college co-eds are ready to party hard and fuck even harder! These girls like to strip naked, suck dick, eat pussy, masturbate, enjoy hot sex with guys and girls, fuck, have oral and anal action and get their faces and naked bodies covered in hot cum as they take part of wild college sex parties, dorm room orgies and more!