A lesson in Love for two teen students! Simply the best. This breath taking mature babe with big tits is a world renowned psychologist, specialized in sexual therapy and she has brought two of her brightest students over to her consult for an interview. They have already aced the theoretical part of the interview, now it’s time to see how they fare on the practical part! She makes her female student lie back on her couch, resting against her male partner, opening up her blouse to expose her breasts and lifting her skirt so the mature sex expert can rub her muff over the white cotton fabric of her panties, teaching them all they need to know about the female sexual response cycle! She takes off the girl’s panties and sinks her smooth tongue in between her tender pussy lips, it’s time for them to learn about all those erogenous areas in a woman’s vulva! She can teach everyone how to eat pussy. No stopping and starting. She stays on it until the girl comes. Pure pleasure to watch. Now that they got that off the table, they move to the male sexual response cycle! The mature babe pulls down on her vest and blouse, exposing her delicious melon tits to engorge his erection, while the teen student grabs his hard cock and sucks on it. Stimulation of all erogenous areas is important, the student massages his balls while sucking on the therapist’s puffy nipples and is then placed down on her hands and knees so her partner can fuck her dripping wet pussy while her head rests on the psychologist’s lap. Watch the naughty sex expert rimming the teen slut’s asshole while her other pupil is fucking her tight pussy and they practice all the sexual positions in the book in a steamy threesome fuck after which both babes are covered in the stud’s creamy, hot spunk! What an interview! Hot girls and great update. Perfect cast and the cumswapping was amazing. Dillion was perfect in this teen threesome as usual. Cute, fit, innocent looking, sexy, and appeared to really like the sex. Love the tan lines. 