The New Year is right around the corner and these hot and sexy college girls and guys decided to throw a New Year’s party in their dorm room! It is time, once again, for the holidays which meant gifts, parties, and snow! This group of crazy college kids in this week’s wild DareDorm episode decided to bring the snow inside for a holiday dorm room party like none another. Even though it is snowing inside their room, it wasn’t very long before these college girls started taking off those sweaters and beanies and warming up with some good old skin-to-skin contact. These teen girls are super hot and ready to suck some cock. The guys don’t mind to give them what they want. Just take a look at these two naked teens getting fucked by two guys side by side, these naked girls are so hot. Everywhere you look, somebody is getting it on, baby! This hot blonde co-ed is getting fucked from behind while standing and close by, another naughty couple gets down and dirty in bed, this spunky blonde likes it doggie style! A naked girl friend watches them do the nasty, perhaps waiting in line for her turn to get fucked by this guy! The first couple has moved to the couch and the blonde is riding hard on top of his dick. He grabs her by the ass, lifting her up and down over his stiff mast. It’s almost as the two couples are competing with each other, seeing which one comes up with the wildest moves and most exotic positions. Now the first blonde is getting plowed over the desk while her naked friend enjoys some missionary sex by the bed, before joining her on the desk so both young naked girls can make out and give their lovers a hot lesbian show to look at while they are banging their pussies. Lol, just watch the hunks high fiving each other while they bang their chicks, the typical college attitude, so careless and free spirited! The second couple moves to a small couch, he sits and she straddles herself on his lap so she can ride his hard cock. Her friend is down on her knees, stroking her man’s meat while she licks his big balls. This New Year’s party is just getting started and those watching are warming up and ready to join in and fuck! Hot naked girls fucked and sucked the guys off until they exploded all over those tiny pussies and faces.   College sex videos of real amateur girlfriends! If you are tired of the same old crappy college smut and you want a taste of the real deal, you need to check out Crazy College Gfs, this is the absolute best when it comes to hot and horny college girlfriends taking it all off and doing the raunchiest stuff in front of the cameras! Sure they miss their boyfriends, but that won’t stop these wild girls from stripping naked, sucking cock, eating pussy and getting each and every hot, tight fuck hole in their body pounded hard in wild dorm room orgies and sex parties!