This lucky fucker has one of those hot, sexy girlfriends that can have multiple orgasms, cumming many times while they have sex. Of course, none of his friends believe him, because, well, just because they’re the typical assholes. Since he wants to prove them wrong, he encourages his girlfriend to let him film her while they have sex! She likes the idea so they get it on with the camera rolling! He’s pumping her tight pussy with his throbbing dick in missionary position. They just started filming and she’s already cummed three times! She begs him to keep fucking her pussy while she rubs her clit and starts having orgasm number four! They take a short break while she sucks on his hard cock and performs a split, spreading her pussy lips wide open with her hands and turning over, down on her hands and knees, jutting her juicy bubble butt out so he can pound her from behind. He bangs her pussy hard and deep, as that big juicy booty slaps up against him from the pounding, awesome. She cums again while he’s fucking her doggie style and he just keeps pumping her snatch with his dick meat. She sucks and strokes his thick cucumber and he wants to make her cum again, so this time she straddles herself atop his cock and rides him in reverse cowgirl. Naked girl checks herself out in the nearby mirror, moaning as she gets closer and closer to her next climax. Her bubble ass bounces up and down his rod, picking up speed and intensity as she gets closer and closer to cumming. He puts her back in missionary and drills her cunt with his big dick, making her cum several more times! His hot girlfriend takes that hard dick deep from all kinds of angles, rides it hard in cowgirl and reverse-cowgirl, and loves it. Hot babe orgasms hard and when it’s her man’s turn, he pulls out his throbbing cock and busts a huge load of hot cum all over her pretty face. You’ll love this horny start to the new year, so definitely don’t miss the full sextape at GF Revenge. Amateur girls doing incredible things on camera in user-submitted videos, Engoy! 