This black girlfriend is so hot and her man deserved an award for filming one of the hottest home videos we’ve EVER seen: I never had a black girlfriend before, don’t know if I’ll ever have one again, so I asked my sexy girlfriend if I could film her while we were having sex, you know, for the memories. She loved the idea and as I grabbed my trusty camcorder she stripped naked, dropped on her knees and began sucking on my rock hard erection. Our homemade sextape started off in the best possible way with my hot ass black girlfriend fully naked sucking my erect dick. She loves when I slap her face and her tongue with my cock. She can play with my cock for hours, masterfully swallowing it and not forgetting to lick my balls. She warmed up to the camera and the idea of a sextape! I turned her over and made her bend over so I could pop my dick up her pink cunt and bang her from behind, making my balls smack hard against her juicy mocha bubble butt. She is so slim, and that booty is so juicy, it was almost too much to handle. She loves when I’m fucking her hard from behind, grabbing her by her neck or her shoulder blades as she leans over the bed and grabs on tight to the white sheets. She kept looking over her shoulder at me and the camera, telling me how much she liked my dick inside her and that she wanted me to fuck her real good and cum all over her slutty face! I nailed her against the bed and she spread her chocolate ass cheeks with her hands, exposing more of her pink twat and her puckered asshole, allowing me to penetrate her even deeper. My girlfriend is super cute, has nice perky tits and an ass you could fall in love with. She sucked my rod some more and got down on all fours in bed, wiggling her bubbly butt while I fingered her slit. My sexy naked girlfriend flipped over, got on her back and spread her legs wide open, an invitation for some hot missionary style fucking! I plowed my hard cock deep inside her pink pussy and banged her hard and fast, I really wanted to cum and blow my creamy jizz all over her belly, her tits and her sexy face and get it all down on film! Then we moved to the bathroom where my hot girlfriend rubbed those tits and that pussy and even spread her perfect ass for the camera in the shower. Then she put on quite the show when she busted out a big white dildo, and began to fuck it up against the shower glass. It was steaming hot!   Black Gfs is the hottest amateur porn site where you can jerk off to awesome homemade sex tapes and amateur porn videos featuring beautiful naked black girlfriends! These open minded real life couples enjoy sharing their homemade videos, in which they appear posing naked, enjoying oral sex, getting their ebony pussies fucked, having hardcore sex and receiving creamy facials and fantastic cumshots all over their mocha bodies, butts, tits and faces! If you enjoy watching real black girls getting fucked in front of the cameras by their boyfriends, cum check out the regularly added videos and black cuties!