Eva is a beautiful and very bright co-ed and she has invited her college classmate over to get some studying done. Her stepmom brings them some hot beverages to help them concentrate and stay focused. She is a gorgeous mature brunette with an incredible body despite her age! They wrap it up for the afternoon and he leaves, and Eva realizes he has left his phone behind. She’s in her room, wearing her favorite sweatshirt and panties when her stepmom walks in and they start talking about Eva’s study buddy and how hot and sexy he is! One thing leads to another and pretty soon Eva is half naked in bed, with her legs spread wide open and her beautiful stepmom eating her out! Yes, they have a pretty close relationship indeed! In the meantime, Eva’s study buddy has come back, looking for his phone. He finds it, but he can’t locate neither Eva nor her stepmom, and as he wanders around looking for them, imagine his surprise when he finds two naked women in bed and having hot lesbian sex! He knows his friends will never believe this, so he whips out his iPhone and gets some video footage before naked girls realize he’s there! When they caught him, the girls made him do some extra homework. To his surprise, they invite him in to join them for a hot threesome! Naked girls take turns sucking on his hard cock and licking his balls. Great cocksucking from two lovely ladies, awesome. His college classmate sucks his cock while her crazy mom sucks his balls. Another scene punishing the guy by making him endure a double blowjob. Eva gets on her hands and knees so her friend can fuck her tight twat doggie style while her stepmother shoves her tongue up her asshole and rims her! It’s a christmas miracle! Watch the Eva cowgirl with her naked mom munching nutt and licking butt. He enjoys fucking Eva and her hot stepmom in tandem and the naughty girls remind him that he better have enough hot cum in his balls to spray both of them with when he finally cums! Absolutely loved this shoot. Both girls are incredibly sexy ladies with gorgeous natural tits. Imagine waking up today and it is your job to go in fuck these 2 girls. Lucky son of a bitch. What a great day it will be after seeing this. Thanks MomsBangTeens! Definitely don’t miss out:   Mature mom sex! These guys thought they hit the jackpot when they hooked up with their hot, sexy teen girlfriends, but that was before they met their even hotter mature stepmothers! Now it’s on, baby, because these mature MILFs love young cubs and they enjoy seducing their stepdaughters and their boyfriends and teaching them how to suck cock and fuck hard right here at Moms Bang Teens! See MILFs teach young girls how to become women. Check out the hottest threesome action between teens, their boyfriends and these older and experienced mature babes that enjoy licking twat, eating cock and getting every wet hole in their bodies fucked and cummed on!