Two naked girls ejaculating together, amazing. How to squirt when having sex? Watch these lesbians to learn how to squirt. Malena is always talking about her amazing sex life, how incredible her orgasms are and how she always squirts when she’s fucking. Celeste always listens, but she has a confession for her friend, she has never squirted in her life and she’s a little bit jealous of her best friend, since it seems like she’s missing out on a lot. Malena soothes her friend, letting her know it’s okay, after all, not all girls know how to squirt or are even aware that they have it in them. The good thing is that Malena is ready and willing to teach her best friend how to achieve an incredible squirting orgasm like the ones she has all the time. Thing is, is Celeste willing to do what it takes to gush like a fountain? Celeste agrees and soon she finds herself in a very interesting position, with her best friend shamelessly rubbing her muff with her fingers while she licks her pussy! She turns over and tells her to continue licking her ass and vagina. She parts her ass cheeks and sinks her tongue inside her asshole, rimming her. She said, this is the best way to achieve ejaculating orgasm! She kisses Celeste and passes her hands all over her body as she takes off her remaining clothes and gets down on her hands and knees so Malena can return the favor, eating out her snatch and tossing her salad. Celeste has never been pleasured like this, not by a girl and much less by her best friend and she finds her body convulsing as she cums hard! Malena cums very hard too, and both girls kiss, tasting each other’s pussy and ass on their lips and tongues. At first Malena orgasms so much that she sprays, like water gushing out forcefully. Her friend said it was so cool and great and she wants to do that! With Malena’s guidance, Celeste starts gushing like a fountain too, the first of many sensational squirting orgasms! Enjoy the squirting tutorial. Malena is a Lesbian God! Awesome lesbians, hot naked girls, strong orgasms, awesome ass and pussy eating, awesome kissing, awesome squirting/pissing. Don’t miss more extreme lesbian sex.   These sexy babes live together, laugh together, cry together, love together and best of all, these hot girls fuck together! That’s right, at We Live Together, the hottest lesbian roommates enjoy the steamiest girl on girl action right in front of your eyes! intense pussy licking and fingering, scissoring, extreme squirting, wild sex toy mutual masturbation, hardcore anal rimmings, hot girl on girl make out sessions, threesomes, foursomes and full blown out dyke sex orgies and since these girls can cum over and over and keep on going, the lesbian action never ceases! These girls know how to bring each other to an amazing orgasm. Cum check out right now what happens when beautiful lesbian tarts decide to live together!