Check it out, this video is simply AMAZING! This video has made my day! These two girls are damn hot. This dude is crazy, he’s the most creative cameraman you’ve ever seen. This model wanted to make a special photoset for her boyfriend as a gift, so she asked some friends in the business for help. She got a sexy assistant and a cameraman and booked some time at a local studio so they could shoot a professional session for her boyfriend’s eyes only. The shoot has been pretty provocative up to now, with her wearing sexy lingerie and skimpy bathing suits, and the cameraman has been challenging her to push her boundaries and explore new territories regarding her sensuality and eroticism. Now she’s actually posing in the nude, and though she was a bit shy at first, she is discovering that she enjoys having her assistant and cameraman see her naked. Needless to say the model looks so hot posing in her sexy thong! Yeah, it was a great idea to make some naughty video and photos for the boyfriend to remember. But this is only the beginning! She can tell it’s turning them on, and honestly, her pussy is dripping wet already! The cameraman asks the assistant to leave for a few minutes so he can recreate a more intimate scenario for the model, making her lie on a couch completely naked and close her eyes. He asks her to close her eyes to look like she is dreaming about her boyfriend. Believe me, I replayed this part several times and laughed every time! He pulls down his jeans and places his penis on her face!!! When naked girl opens her eyes she discovers him fully naked and rubbing his cock against her face! A penis on a face – it’s a new creative way of photographing models! He strokes her face with his penis, awesome! She’s surprised, but not necessarily in a bad way, she likes the direction this shoot is taking and when the assistant walks back in and finds them this way, she and drops her jaw in shock! Naked model seems to forget all about having a boyfriend and doesn’t hesitate to suck on his cock and balls. As the cameraman gets harder, the assistant tries to be professional and continue to do hair styling. But that doesn’t last long, as she joins the shoot, kissing and sucking the cock together with the model. She takes off her clothes too and makes out with the model as they share his hard sausage, licking and sucking it together. There is nothing better than two naked girls caressing your dick together. Soon the model is getting her pussy pounded hard from behind while eating out the assistant’s snatch in a steamy threesome that will probably never make it to the final cut, you don’t want her boyfriend seeing that, right? Lol! Their naked bodies look superb on camera, and you can only imagine how good these two pussies would feel wrapped around your cock. What do you do when two college girls get naughty? You film it, of course! And then upload to CrazyCollegeGirls! This sextape definitely should get an award for most creative amateur sex video! The video is 40 minutes in length, you won’t want to miss this one:   That’s right, here you will find the raunchiest and dirtiest college fucking videos featuring real college girlfriends! Watch these slutty college babes making their wildest sex dreams cum to life at Campus! See them having lesbian sex, licking pussy, masturbating with dildos, and getting their pussy, ass and mouth stuffed with cock in front of the camera! College is a never ending fuck fest for these girlfriends!