All fans of amateur porn and amateur girls be sure to don’t miss this home sextape! Man shoots his first porn video starring his smoking hot girlfriend. This video has it all, a hot blonde, sexy thong, nice blowjob, cock riding on the couch, the hottest girlfriend ever caught on video! She is gorgeous, a blonde sort of California girl among the babes of legend. When the video starts, we can see a sexy blonde girlfriend as her man is filming and directing her. At first amateur porn director tells his girlfriend show her nice curvy ass and her shaved pussy on camera. In no time, she is on the couch, tits out, begins to suck his cock on camera. His girlfriend is a gem! But what she really wants is to get her pussy filled, so she jumps on his hard cock! Amateur cameraman pounds that pussy deep until he pulls out and blows a huge cum load all over her amazing body and her pretty face. Don’t forget to say thanks to him for making this amazing sextape: I’m studying Film and Arts and my dream is to become a porn director, and here is my first porn video that I shot with my lovely girlfriend! She poses for me on the living room couch, wearing sexy lingerie bra and panties, popping her titties over her bra as she gets down on her hands and knees so she can suck my rock hard cock. She strokes my shaft and licks the tip of my dick, taking off her yellow panties and straddling herself atop my lap, guiding my hard cock inside her tight, wet snatch. I love watching her naked tits bouncing up and down as she rides my cock and rubs her pussy. She squats on my boner and bounces while playing with her breasts and she just looks so sexy for the camera, I bet that not only will I become a famous porn director; she will also make it as a porn star! She bites her lips and parts her wet blonde locks back so the camera can get her face and I rub her clit while she grinds her crotch against my cock. I ask my naked girl to lie on her back so I can fuck her pussy in missionary position. Her pussy is tight and slippery as I bang her, making sure to get the best angles for my debut video and going through many different positions to keep it interesting. Hey, we’ve done our research, it’s a good thing both of us love surfing porn online! I can’t wait to get to the money shot, pull my cock out of her pussy and blow my creamy load all over her open mouth, sexy face and fantastic tits! Yeah, baby!   There is something very special and unique in amateur porn, in homemade sextapes with real girlfriends. These loving girlfriends wrap their tender lips around boyfriend’s hard cocks, posing fully naked so they can eat out their snatches and fuck their wet pussies, having hot threesome with their best friends, getting huge cumshots, while getting captured on film, becoming their lovers’ amateur porn starlets in their homemade sex videos! Check out all the user submitted videos right now.