We had our babysitter, a breath taking blonde teen babe, stay overnight and I had a really awkward moment when she walked down to the kitchen in the middle of the night and found me masturbating to babysitter porn in front of the laptop! I had no idea what to do but she told me not to worry, that my secret was safe with her and she walked away, shaking her bubbly butt in her cotton panties and looking back briefly to give me a naughty glance. The next morning my wife asked me to take her back to her place and while we were driving she told me she could avoid noticing how I was masturbating to babysitter porn and how big and hard my cock was. She said she understood and she felt the same way and when she got back to her room, she masturbated thinking about me fucking her hard on the way back to her place! I stopped the car in a quiet place and we got in the backseat, where she stripped naked and began sucking and stroking my cock while licking my balls! Naked teen spread her legs wide in front of me, her tiny pussy was wet and glistening. She was the perfect teen angel with youthful good looks and flawless girlie parts. Her perky youthful titties, her teen pussy, her little ass, everything was about as flawless as it could possibly be. Pretty smile and a pussy to die for. The dirty blonde babysitter drooled all over my meaty pole and straddled herself atop, guiding it inside her wet, hot, tight teen pussy. Her little pussy was so tight, her wet pussy lips beautifully wrapped around my hard dick, I had never felt a pussy such smooth and warm before. OH shit “this young pussy is the best”. Naked girl rode me in the backseat and I just couldn’t believe this shit was actually happening, I was banging our babysitter! I fucked her in as many positions as we could manage in the small confines of the backseat and that just made our love making hotter and kinkier! I turned her around for doggystyle, it was unbelievable, that ass looked especially gorgeous in this position. My dick was rock hard all the time. By the time we were done, I was blowing my jizz straight into her open mouth, hoping I didn’t get the seats smudged, lol! What could be better for such a beautiful little mouth than a good cumshot?   Do you consider yourself a Good Samaritan? So do these guys! That’s why, when they spot a beautiful damsel in distress, they are ready to give her a ride, and these naughty girls know the right way to show their knights in shining armor their appreciation! Stranded Teens is the place where sexy hitchhiking teen girls get the rides of their lives, first on these guys cars and then on their rock hard cocks! See these amateur young naked girls sucking dick, masturbating, getting fucked and having hot jizz sprayed all over their faces, tits, butts and asses! New girls and new amateur-submitted videos added all the time!