College friends fuck in a hotel room after their college reunion! These two have been friends throughout college and after not seeing each other in a long time, they are reunited during homecoming! One thing leads to another and now they are alone in his hotel room and it’s time to take this college friendship to the next level, baby! The babe looks quite adorable dressed in this dress with high heels. Her evening dress is really quite exciting especially when you realize there are no panties on underneath it! Her naked pussy looks fabulous and fully wet. He lifts her yellow dress and spreads her legs in bed, sinking his smooth tongue deep in the wet gash formed by her semi-parted pussy lips. He has fantasized with this moment many times and so has she, they are both glad it’s finally happening. It’s happening! Sexy babe grabs on tight to the bed sheets as she feels his tongue exploring the wet, hot insides of her snatch, pulling her yellow dress over her head and exposing her big tits and stunning naked body, while his pants are around his thighs and his hard cock is throbbing, ready for action! Her pussy looks absolutely gorgeous here with the moist pussy lips glistening in the light and her vagina opened up for his cock! A super tidy, flawless, little pussy. If you don’t like when the inner labia stick out beyond the outer pussy lips, then this girl is for you! Her crack is one for the anatomy books, just perfect, Yum! Naked babe rubs her muff and he massages her big succulent tits as she gets down on his cock and sucks it with eyes closed, bending over on her hands and knees so he can penetrate her from behind. He takes her gently by the hips as he fucks her doggie style and then sideways, making her big jugs bounce up and down. That woman so spectacular, her body is very beautiful and her ass, breasts, legs, small waist, long luxurious hair, everything is wonderful. Babe straddles herself on his hard erection and lets it sink inside her as she rides her lover, pressing her hot, sweaty body against his, feeling her nipples and tits pressing up against his strong chest. They can feel each other breathing and their hearts beating so fast as they fuck feverishly in this seedy motel room and she wants to end this fabulous night with his hot cum deep inside her vagina! What could be better than cum inside? This babe knows that sex isn’t complete if she doesn’t get a load in her pussy. Such a pleasure to watch as cum is oozing out of her hot pussy. She likes that warm sensation deep inside, when a guy pulls out and it literally overflows and runs down her legs. It’s wonderful!   Are you into beautiful girls, naked babes and hot girlfriends baring their hot bodies in front of the cameras and showing off their most sensual side in erotic videos that will make your dick as hard as a rock? Then come and check out Babes! Boy on girl, girl on girl, threesomes, sex toys, masturbation, cock sucking, pussy eating, anal, facial cumshots and much more, featuring the hottest and most beautiful babes available on the web! Watch their lovers fuck them hard and cum all over their bodies, with new videos and hot babes added all the time to keep you satisfied, man!