This blonde and redhead babes are just having fun with each other, taking sexy selfies in the bathroom while they bathe and take turns licking each others’ pussy! There is nothing better than two young naked girls taking a bath together, soaping each other’s asses, fondling their wet pussies, bodies, all of their intimate feminine places. There’s some excellent bend over posing as one of the girl slowly kisses and sticks her fingers up the wet vagina of her friend. The boyfriend of one of the girls hears them, comes inside and decides to make it a bit more fun by adding his video camera and his throbbing cock to the equation. The girls love it! Filming two naked girls, his sexy girlfriend having hot lesbian sex with her best friend makes his dick get as hard as a rock and the naughty girls tell him to lie down on the bathroom floor so one of them can straddle herself on his cock, ride it and see if his cock is as hot and sexy as her friend is always bragging about! His girlfriend is still wet and lathered up, with a big smile on her face as she watches her best friend fucking her boyfriend and plays with her juicy bubble butt, lathering it up as it bounces up and down the boyfriend’s hard shaft! Have you ever had a threesome with your GF and her best friend? Seeing her guy have sex with another girl just turns on his GF! She even spreads friend’s ass with both hands for better penetration. It’s time to switch it up, and now it’s his naked girlfriend squatting on his hard cock and sliding up and down while she makes out with her best friend and lets her grope her titties. The blonde gets back in the tub and the redhead bends over it, getting fucked from behind by the boyfriend. He watches them as the girls kiss and caress, then line up side by side, leaning over the edge of the tub and letting him take turns fucking each of them from behind. The lucky guy take turns between two pussies, while he films them with his camera and gets ready to cum, just watch him blowing his creamy load all over their dirty faces and splattering their tits!   When these cheating whores and ex-girlfriends cheated on or dumped their boyfriends, they thought they had the last laugh, but they were so wrong! They say revenge is a dish best served cold, or better yet, best served on amateur and homemade sex videos! These guys held on to every single sleazy picture and homemade porn video they filmed of these whores while they were still with them, and now they are exposing them on the web, right here at GF Revenge! This is a haven for user submitted real amateur girlfriend porn, loaded with tons of chicks and flicks for you to enjoy!