I’m a drummer, and the spunky babe with the brightly dyed hair and tattoos on her knees sucking my dick is the sexy female lead singer of this band I just joined a few weeks ago! How did we end up like this? She invited me over to her place so she could teach me their material, but I guess she preferred to show me her “mic skills”, lol! Very cute, exotic and sexy girl. Natural breasts, perfect ass and delicious pussy. What a package! There’s nothing like watching a beautiful girl like her suck your dick with great pleasure. Yeah babe, this is your mic on today. She grabs my shaft by its base and sucks on my throbbing cock, she’s heard that drummers have huge cocks and she’s glad this is true in my case! Her pretty eyes are fixated on mine as she licks my love stick and balls, wrapping her tits around my dick and giving me a tit massage. That smile drives me crazy. My dick is throbbing and precumming like crazy. Her soft lips are wrapped around my cock so nicely that I fight the urge to cum right in her mouth. Seems she wants to extend the rehearsal to the maximum. She pulls her black panties to the side standing over my face! She bends over and rubs her juicy bubble butt against my erection, up and down the crack of her ass until I’m inside her tight pussy and the dirty bitch is riding my dick on the couch. Naked girl spreads her ass cheeks with both hands and I can see her beautiful asshole as she continues riding my erection and leaning back so I can play with her tits as she bites her lips. This girl knows how to ride a dick in cowgirl and reverse cowgirl. I lie on the floor and she straddles herself on my cock again and rides me in cowgirl position, massaging her titties while I caress the insides of her sexy thighs. Riding me harder and harder she then gets on the couch on all fours with her naked ass in the air. You’ll love the way she spreads her cheeks with her hands inviting my 10" love-maker enter her snatch from behind. She’s got this beautiful smile on her slutty face and I can tell just how much she enjoys having my hard cock stuffed inside her as she gets ready to get a load of hot, creamy cum all over her face and tits!   The hottest and dirtiest real life girlfriends are ready to let their boyfriends, friends and lovers film them while they are stripping naked, masturbating, having hot lesbian sex, fucking, taking it up the ass, getting their faces blasted with hot cum for the first time and so much more! At GF Revenge you get to bust a nut to tons and tons of user submitted footage, home videos, amateur flicks and pictures featuring real girls in real hardcore action! New sextapes and girlfriends are added all the time and you get to see them exposed as never before, you can’t miss out!