Wow, two stunning naked girls and plenty of hot, wet, juicy pussy action here. Love the tribbing, squirting, asslicking and pussy tongue fucking. These two girls really bring the heat. Rare chemistry and passion. First class! Thanks WeLiveTogether: Busted! That’s right; my smoking hot roommate caught me shamelessly masturbating to lesbian porn… on her laptop! To top it off, I was totally naked except for a pair of her laced black stockings! I felt so embarrassed and ashamed, I could feel the red hotness on my cheeks but she just smiled, grabbed me by my hand and took me to her bedroom, not saying a single word! She made me lie down on her bed, spread my legs, crawled between them and sunk her smooth, hot tongue between my tender pussy lips, parting them with ease and venturing into my soaking wet gash! This was like my biggest fantasy cumming true! Naked girl ate me out so soft and gently, I had a hard time not cumming on the spot! She fucked me with her tongue and I held my legs against my chest as she spread her saliva all over my cunt and the crack of my ass. She parted my pink pussy lips with her fingers and licked deep inside my cunt, I could feel her tongue exploring my tender asshole in circles too, she was driving me crazy with that fucking tongue! But my surprise came when she started rubbing my muff and I discovered myself squirting! I had no idea I could gush like that and we both loved it! My pussy was as wet as the ocean. I was drenching her bed sheets and I didn’t give a fuck, I just wanted her to keep masturbating me and making me cum like a filthy lesbian whore… her filthy lesbian whore! My lasbian roommate just gave me one of the best orgasms I’ve ever had. Moreover, it was a squirting orgasm! She scissored me next, our cunts rubbing one against the other as she dry humped my twat and licked and sucked on my toes, so fucking hot! We practically cumed at the same time grinding our wet pussies together and stimulating each other’s clitoris. To top it off she let me eat out her asshole, yummy! 