We have a hot black girlfriend this week that is freaky and loves sex. She is a sexy and slim ebony babe, doing incredible things with a hard cock of her boyfriend. Unlike many amateur girls, isn’t shy when it comes to having sex on camera. It’s hard to imagine a hotter girl than a piece of ass like that. I fell in love with this sexy babe, and you will too: My new girlfriend is a sexy black babe and all my friends envy me, she is hot as hell. Can you believe they refuse to believe that she is the best in bed and ride my dick like no other girl? They needed a sex tape to prove it, so I decided to go ahead and make one! I told my girl about the idea and she was on board. “Let’s give them motherfuckers something to be jealous about!” were her words and she dressed up for the shoot in a hot white long sleeved fishnet top and matching thong. Damn! I pulled the thong down her long caramel legs and she got on her hands on knees, twerking her juicy black bubble butt in front of the camera. She looked incredible hot in her sexy fishnet top with no panties underneath and her brown nipples sticking right out through the holes. Still on her knees, I fed her my hard cock and she gobbled it up, sucking and stroking it with a gleaming glow in her eyes. My new girlfriend really knows how to suck a cock. She is a pro at giving head. My friends don’t believe, so I filmed her! My sexy GF took off the tank top and straddled herself atop my cock, squatting on it in cowgirl posture and riding my dick while I rubbed her muff. She grinded her hips and rubbed her muff against my cock, so fucking hot I had to concentrate to not cum before time, we were just getting started! She flipped over and showed me her juicy bubble butt, still riding my pecker. It was so hot watching that hot ass bounce up and down on my cock. She moved her hips in circular motions, squeezing me with her buttocks. Girl on top is a most delightful sexual position. I put her in missionary, spread her legs and fucked her hard as she groped her tits, squeezing, pressing and pushing them together. While her whole body was still throbbing with orgasmic passion she encouraged me to keep pounding away. My naked girlfriend got back on her hands and knees, twerking her ass and begging me to fuck her very hard and deep from behind, make her my bitch, doggie style! I couldn’t wait to see the look on my friends’ faces when I showed them our homemade sex tape!   The official site for girlfriend revenge is right here and it’s called GF Revenge! After these guys get dumped by their ex-girlfriends or discovered they cheated on them with all their friends, it’s time to get even! That’s why these hot girls get their mail and social network accounts hacked and have their raunchy pictures and racy videos stolen and leaked online for you to watch right here! Hot amateur sex tapes and homemade videos show these slutty girlfriends stripping naked, masturbating, sucking cock, enjoying anal sex, hardcore cumshots and being on the receiving end of fantastic facial cumshots!