These concerned parents hired a tutor to prepare their daughter for a college, one of the best in the country. The tutor does his best, but this chick is a fucking cock tease, all dressed up in her tight college girl uniform with that ruffled skirt, crossing and uncrossing her legs shamelessly while he tries tutoring her. It’s no wonder, they end up in her bedroom, where he decides that since he can’t get to her with books and academics, he might get to her with his hard cock and a good fuck! He spreads her legs, hikes up her skirt and rubs her teen pussy under the blue lace fabric of her panties, pulling them down and sinking his smooth tongue between the tender pink of her meaty pussy lips. Her pussy is so wet and juicy! Who would not want to get deep into her young tight pussy!? The horny tutor sucks her clit and fucks her with his tongue that she quickly reaches her first orgasm. She is quivering and moaning like a virgin who never has felt anything like this between her legs before. Looking ahead, I’d like to notice, this teen cums like crazy. I lost count how many times she cummed!!! The tutor gets completely naked and spreads her legs wide open for his huge, fully erect cock. This hot teen simply can’t wait to feel his big throbbing cock inside her. He rams his hard cock inside her pussy, grabbing her by the necktie of her school uniform while fucking her hard. His dick is too big but completely fits inside a teen pussy. He’s totally naked but she’s still wearing the upper half of her outfit, and that looks so fucking hot, bro! He unbuttons her blouse to expose her titties and kisses her lips while pounding her mound hard on her bed. One more quivering orgasm! The naughty slut gets naked and takes a breather from the intense, hardcore fucking by rubbing his balls and sucking on his throbbing cock. Next she squats on top of his dick, her back facing him, and impales her cunt on it, riding her tutor in reverse cowgirl. She should be giving lessons to other chicks on how to ride a dick! Fantastic cock-riding skill! She is amazing, compared to the other girls who do fake orgasms! He puts her down on all fours and bangs her doggie style from behind like a dirty whore and she grabs on tight to her bright pink bed covers. She bites the sheets when cums again. He’s got her body pressed against the sheets and he’s fucking her pussy from behind until he’s ready to cum all over her! This teen slut has one of the nicest bodies I’ve ever seen AND she knows how to fuck! Super cute girl and outstanding sex scene, great energy between these two, kudos to the dude for dominating. She is so hot! If they ever make a porn parody of Game of Thrones, she should play Emilia Clarke’s part. The video is over 30 minutes long, you won’t to miss it here:   At Teens Love Huge Cocks, dick loving teen sluts craving for a massive sausage to stuff their tight holes cum together with horny guys with huge cocks ready to fuck them hard and drench their naked bodies in cum! Tight pussies, puckered assholes and cute mouths are put to the test and stretched to the limits as these teen vixens get pounded hard by the largest, thickest, hardest cocks in porn! Look at the amazement, awe and shock in their eyes as they stare down on these huge throbbing erections, ready to gag on them and get filled with hot spunk!