Lesbian lovers try some bondage and strap-on sex after watching 50 Shades! These two lesbian girlfriends are all about keeping their relationship spicy and hot, so the girls decide to hit the movies and watch 50 Shades Of Grey! Well, the film was awful but they were turned on, so on their way back home, they agree to try some bondage in the bedroom! The brunette agrees to play the bottom and gets tied up in bed, with her cotton panties tugged to the side, exposing her meaty, tender, pink pussy lips. Her juicy pussy looks absolutely amazing here. Her blonde lover makes her suck on her fingertips and applies generous amounts of baby oil to her bound body, massaging her breasts and admiring her glistening naked skin. The brunette is tied up by her wrists and ankles, she loves being in such a submissive role. Naked girls kiss and swap tongue as the blonde finger fucks her soaking wet pussy in bed. She uses her fingers to fuck her cunt and her thumb to rub her clit, ripping her cotton panties off her oily body. She continues to masturbate her while kissing her and watching the sexy way her oiled up body squirms. Hot naked girl arches her body and lifts it over the mattress as best she can as she cums hard from the finger fucking as the blonde keeps stimulating and kissing her. What a genuine orgasm, awesome! This might be one of the best orgasm scenes I’ve ever seen. She has a really intense orgasm, love how she lifts her naked body, how she quivers as hee lesbian lover touches her sensitive clitoris. Now it’s the blonde’s turn to get pretty tied up and the brunette shows her a very special surprise she has in store for her, a beautiful strap-on cock! First she licks her pussy, then she rubs and fingers her slit while kissing her breasts and sucking hard on her fully erect nipples. Then she spreads her legs apart and penetrates her with the strap-on, fucking her hard as she kisses her lips! Two naked girls cum many times one after another, finger fucking each other in bed. It was a great idea to visit 50 Shades at Valentine’s Day and try bondage sex for the first time after the movie! 