Lucky guy fucking a blonde and a brunette in hot threesome action! Things get really hot in this video, two naked girls eating each other out in one of the best oral sex positions and getting fucked by a hard cock at the same time! The girls are both so hot and wet. Enjoy: I made my biggest fantasy cum true just the other day after picking up this hot brunette and her sexy blonde friends at the bar and bringing the girls back to my place for a threesome! While the stunning dark haired babe bounced up and down my throbbing cock, her delicious blonde friend grinded her pussy against my face! I was in fucking heaven, man! I’ve always wanted to do this with two girls. Nothing better then having one naked girl on top and letting her ride your tongue while the other one ride your cock! Sure, I love to eat pussy, but nothing compares to when I’m pleasuring a girl and my cock is pleasuring her best friend at the same time. I could see the brunette playing with the blonde’s titties and caressing her. The blonde bit her lower lip and groped her friend’s boobs too and I put the blonde on her hands and knees so I could penetrate her from behind while she ate out her friend’s wet muff. It was also great to watch her mouth opening with every my thrust from behind. The black haired babe told me she wanted some doggie style loving too, so I placed her down on all fours and gave it to her while her pal spread her legs wide open and offered her wet pussy for her to snack on. I also noticed that I pounded her with a lot more enthusiasm while she was licking slit to her friend with her tongue. Sex with two naked girls together, aint nothing sweeter! Soon the brunette was getting sandwiched by the blonde and I, making out with her and getting her tits felt up while I pumped her with dick meat from behind. The blonde laid back and parted her legs and I dove between them, tongue fucking her twat and then fucking her hard in missionary position while I watched both hot naked girls making out. Watching these two hotties touch, caress, kiss and make out while I fucked them was making the cum in my balls boil and soon enough I was ready to blow my load all over them! I wanted to leave both naked girls drenched in my cum, the perfect excuse for an after threesome shower! WATCH FULL LENGTH VIDEOS HERE:   Looking for hot naked girls in glamcore XXX videos? Babes features only the most stunning, sensual and breathtaking naked models on the web, ready to get down and dirty for you in high definition video guaranteed to blow your mind, get your dick hard as a rock and make you blow your load! Mouth watering babes with goddess bodies, big tits, bubble butts and dripping cunts ready to suck dick, eat pussy, strip naked and masturbate in front of the cameras! These naked girls love taking big dicks up their pussies and ass and having their lovers soak their hot naked bodies in sticky cum after having hardcore sex!