School porn fans make sure you don’t miss this video!!! Naughty schoolgirl sucking dick and getting fucked hard rigth in the bus! Is there anyone else that loves sexy girls in a school girl outfit? I can remember the girls wearing those plaid skirts and high white socks and it was a real cock tease. Field trips can be really boring, but these naughty college babes and their male co-eds know how to turn a boring trip into a really fun ride! They have been traveling most of the day and as usual, the trip back home seems to be the longest and most boring stretch, right? Well, not for this naughty brunette with glasses and her boyfriend, they started making out as soon as they got in their seats, and she just has to spread her legs a bit to expose her wet twat under her plaid mini skirt and cotton panties so he can play with it. He slides his hand under her skirt and into her panties to reveal how wet she is! Naughty teen makes him stand by the seat and pulls down his pants, grabbing his thick, fat dick and taking it to her wet mouth, giving him a blowjob in the back of the bus while the rest of the students watch them. Some whip out their phones so they can take pictures and videos while the naughty brunette sucks and strokes her guy’s juicy dick and unbuttons her blouse, touching herself over her bra. He takes off her panties soaked in her pussy juice and makes her lean over the seat, ramming his cock up her tight teen cunt and fucking her hard in front of their classmates. Half naked schoolgirl cups her tits in her hands and closes her eyes, feeling how that juicy dick fills her up and how everybody is watching her, it makes her feel like a filthy slut and she loves that. She pulls her leg over the back of the seat and bends over while he keeps pumping her with dick meat, sitting on the seat so she can straddle herself atop his cock and impale her cunt on it, riding him hard, ready to make him cum before the bus reaches its destination! Enjoy this sexy schoolgirl and sex in front of others. DEFINITELY DON’T MISS the full video by the link above!!! 