These college guys and gals are hanging out at their dorm room and figuring out a way to have fun, so they come up with a new and exciting game! They scribble naughty sex positions and acts on pieces of paper and rumple them up, and then they take turns picking randomly and playing them out! Whoever makes their partner cum first, wins! This naked guy picked “doggie style” and this naked college girl is more than happy to help him play this particular position out while their friends watch and wait for their turn! Blonde co-ed gets down on her hands and knees and juts out her bubble butt in bed so her stud can penetrate her tight pussy from behind and fuck her hard! She is one deadly gorgeous girl with a ridiculously hot ass. Her ass looks gorgeous! He grabs her by her silky golden hair and pulls her head back while pounding her juicy cunt in full force. His hard cock pounding her from behind pushes her beyond the limits. Hot naked girl straddles herself atop his throbbing dick and rides him hard in reverse cowgirl. It seems she wants to show everyone around how she like ride a dick. With legs closed she slowly moves her hips back and forth, squeezing his dick inside herself and letting him get his cock deep inside her cunt. That is the best feeling in the world if you have a girl that knows how to do it right! Love how her perky tits bounce from side to side, so nice. She is a hot little bombshell who really enjoys the crazy sex party. Awesome girl, nice face, no fake tits, superb pussy. In the other bed, thess naked co-eds are also playing the game, and this lucky guy has this hot chick bouncing up and down his hard cock too! The first blonde is now getting her pussy vigorously fingered by her man, then he pops his dick back inside her pussy and fucks her some more. The other girl, a sexy brunette with glasses, is getting fucked hard in missionary position. The other naked co-eds in the room watch and take videos and pictures with their smartphones, so they can share them with all their friends at Campus and let them know the wild, kinky sex party they are missing out on! The blonde’s tits bounce about as she gets railed in missionary, hoping she manages to get her guy to blow his load all over her hot and sexy body before her roommate manages to do so with her guy! Don’t forget to download the full dorm sextape here:   College is a challenging time in life but nobody can take a dare like the naughty, slutty co-eds at Dare Dorm! These girls are determined to become real college sluts as they partake of the wildest and raunchiest dorm room parties, fuck fests, orgies and group sex activities! When the door of their dorm shuts, the action begins! See them stripping naked, sucking dick, masturbating, having sex, enjoying girl on girl action and taking dick up the pussy and ass until they get their fill! Watch tons of real college sluts and fantastic college videos until you drop, man!