This beautiful teen is getting ready for her date with her boyfriend and she lets her stepmom help her out with picking just the right outfit. Her stepmom is a breath taking mature babe and has an impeccable fashion sense, she dresses up her stepdaughter so hot and sexy, she can’t help spreading her legs, pulling her panties down and eating out her dripping wet twat! The teen’s having such a great time feeling how her stepmom tongue fucks her cunt, that she loses track of time and gets late for her date! Her boyfriend arrives and since nobody answers the door, he invites himself in and wanders into her bedroom, from where he hears muffled sounds. Meanwhile, his girlfriend’s stepmom is down on all fours and getting her delicious asshole licked and rimmed by her stepdaughter! So, the boyfriend walks in with a rose in his hand and finds his girlfriend eating out her stepmom, imagine his surprise! He never seen his girlfriend having sex with a girl before, especially licking an ass like that, with her tongue deeply buried in ass. A young girl eating the ass of an older woman – HOT! Actually, as you can imagine, this gives him a huge hard-on, and stepmom and stepdaughter take care of it, giving him a hot double blowjob! While the stepmother sucks on his throbbing rod, his girlfriend is licking his balls! The hot mature babe teaches her stepdaughter how to gag on his cock, and her drool pours down her mouth, chin and all over her dress! The naked girls, his girlfriend and her crazy stepmom jump into bed and he fucks his girlfriend doggie style while she eats out her stepmom’s tits and sucks on her nipples. While getting her pussy pounded from behind by her boyfriend, she feels her stepmother’s tongue exploring her asshole, so fucking hot! From now on, she’s only having sex with her boyfriend if her stepmother is joining them! This is a realy sexy scene both girls work equally hard on the sex and especially good to see them both licking each others ass. Don’t miss more MILF/Teen porn by the link above. MomsBangTeens is the best – perfect formula, hot girls, lots of kissing and hot threesome scenes, transcends porno. 