In this amateur homemade sex tape we have on a super cute and sexy girlfriend that is really naughty! This guy’s girlfriend told him she’d give him whatever he wanted for Valentine’s, so he took this unique opportunity and told her he wanted a sex tape! Of course he promised that this St. Valentine’s video would be for his eyes only, so she decided to please her guy! Right from the start of this one, he was filming his hot girlfriend in the bathroom. Sure enough, she flashed the camera her naked tits. She put on a sexy red tank top and pulled it over her fabulous tits, letting him cup a feel while the camera got rolling. She has a pair that are absolutely perfect. What a great body and face, that guy is very lucky. He sat down and his hot girlfriend crawled between his legs, grabbing his throbbing erection in her soft hands and massaging it with a huge smile on her lovely face. This was going to be the best Valentine’s Day in the history of ever! His hot girlfriend leans over the couch and spreads her fabulous bubble shaped butt as he penetrates her from behind, pounding her hard. Her juicy ass looks awesome! We got really great views of her big beautiful tits bouncing all over from the stroking. She spreads her hot ass booty with both hands, and we are dying to see more. After giving her some doggie style Valentine’s Day loving, he flips her over and bangs her twat in missionary position. Naked girlfriend raises the hips keeping knees together and squeezing his cock inside of her pussy. His hard cock reaching the deepest regions of her vagina quickly brings her to a quivering orgasm. She plays with her pussy while he takes a short break. Now lying on her side on the couch she exposes her hot and wet pussy on camera. Sexy girl gives us some fantastic views of her ass. The ass curvesin this position are quite spectacular. I love this girl! He inserts his big dick back into her wet snatch and continues to pound that amazing ass from multiple angles, and she loves it! She loves the way he penetrates her on the couch and how his big thick cock fills up her cunt and stimulates different area depending on how she moves her sensual body. She also likes being filmed, she is a romantic at heart, and she thinks it’s so cute that they will have such a naughty memento of their Valentine’s Day to remember and watch any time they want! Of course, everybody else on the web will also be able to watch it and bust a nut to it as soon as her boyfriend breaks his promise and uploads it to the web, but as long as she doesn’t find out, it’s all love, baby! Check the whole video out and don’t forget to upload your own Valentine’s sextape here:   GF Revenge is the premier porn site for user submitted girlfriend porn, man! These real life amateur girlfriends dumped or cheated on their ex-boyfriends, and they thought these guys would not have their revenge!?! They were wrong! Now their homemade sex videos and amateur porn tapes are being leaked online so everybody can see them and bust a nut to these slutty girlfriends as they strip naked, stroke and suck dick, lick their ex-boyfriends balls and let them fuck their pussies and assholes in every imaginable position until they blow their loads and drench them in hot cum!