This video is almost all non stop squirting orgasms for 40 minutes and it is some of the best squirting I’ve ever seen. This Japanese teen babe displays her substantial and impressive squirting orgasm talents to her best friend. Japanese teens with pigtails, big tits and squirting pussies are just about the fucking hottest shit on this planet, baby! This lucky guy is undressing this hot Asian doll, massaging her big tits like if they were pizza dough, pulling them over her pink printed bra and sucking on her nipples while her friend watches from the other side of the bed! The guy pulls up her skirt and rubs her muff over her cotton panties, making her squirt, soaking the bed sheets while their friend watches amazed! She has her soaked panties removed and spreads her legs by the edge of the bed as her guy sinks his tongue between her tender pink pussy lips and licks her gash, fucking her with his smooth tongue until she’s ready to gush again, squirting right in his mouth! She goes off like a fountain, sprinkling pussy juices all over the bedroom! Now he uses his fingers and it only takes a few seconds to make this oriental babe squirt again! Every squirting orgasm cums faster and harder than the previous one and by now, the bed sheets are totally drenched in her squirt juice! She strips naked and straddles herself atop her lover’s hard cock and impales her pussy on it, riding him until his dick gets expelled from her snatch as she cums again, gushing like a garden hose all over him! He makes her stand over the bed and lean over the bed rest; pounding her Japanese pussy from behind and making her squirt again, like a motherfucking waterfall! The next squirt comes while he’s fucking her in missionary, after which he pulls out of her snatch and blows his load, cumming all over her belly! Watch her lick his dick clean with her mouth, so fucking sexy! It’s now the turn of her best friend to show how many times she can squirt! Two Japanese naked girls peeing and squirting together, so hot! Don’t miss these multiple squirting orgasms in full length video, the link under the video. 