Hatsune Miku looks so fucking hot in this Cosplay porn video! With her long blue hair in pigtails and her futuristic heroine outfit, she is ready to drive her guy wild and make his cock as hard as a rock! This japanese teen likes sex and she likes cosplay, awesome! He sits behind her, rubbing her breasts and her crotch over her outfit and reaching under her pants to play with her dripping wet pussy and turn her on! He’s masturbating Miku over her cotton panties and she crawls between his legs so she can take his hard dick in her gloved hands and give her man a blowjob. Cosplay babe enjoys sucking and stroking his throbbing dick, checking him out with her big eyes before massaging his shaft between her thighs. Pretty soon he’s got her in missionary position and she’s pumping her tight pussy with his hard cock. Her Cosplay girl outfit is open at the crotch, so she doesn’t have to remove it to get her pussy fucked hard by her lover. He lies flat on their bed and she squats over his towering erection, impaling her clam on it and riding it hard and fast. She pulls the top of her outfit up so she can expose the perky nipples on her soft breasts and keeps riding that big, powerful cock. Next Miku gets placed on her hands and knees, and while she gets taken by her wrists, he pounds her twat from behind, doggie style! Miku moans and pants into the mic on her headset, part of her Cosplay outfit as she gets fucked in many different positions. She knows her mission will not be complete until she manages to make her lover blow his load and cum all over her face, leaving her outfit splattered with sticky cum! She is a superhero from Tokyo that has the uncanny ability to satisfy any guy. Hatsune Miku fans don’t miss the full length video in 1080p. Watch top rated cosplay sex scenes from Japan. The hottest Japanese girls are waiting for you here:   The best porn site for Japanese, Korean and asian XXX videos and hot cosplay fun is right here and it’s called Cosplay in Japan! Exotic, submissive, charming, delicate and graceful, these oriental hotties love to slip into their favorite Cosplay outfits, uniforms and disguises so they can suck dick and get fucked very hard! Cosplay Kitty Cats, Hatsune Miku, Yoshino, Super Sonico… Filmed in HD and with hundreds of videos and loads of sexy asian pornstars to choose from, these beautiful and exotic Asian ladies invite you in to fulfill your dirtiest and sexiest Cosplay fantasies. Enjoy these hot girls from Japan, whether you want to see a geisha or your favorite superhero peeling her costume off. Lesbian, masturbation, sex toys, anal sex, hardcore fucking and Cosplay non-stop!