The story goes like this: This dude made a sex tape with his scorching hot girlfriend just some weeks before she got admitted to College, then he found out that she was cheating on him once there and so he decided to upload the aforementioned sex tape to GF Revenge! I can understand his reasons for being mad and wanting to get back at her, not because she cheated on him, let’s face it, this babe is fucking hot and she could fuck any guy she wanted! It’s the fact that his principles don’t allow him to continue the relationship knowing his hot girlfriend is away at college and possibly fucking every guy and gal she comes into contact with and therefore knowing he’ll never get the chance to let her suck his cock just like in their video! You can tell she loves sucking dick, man! She does it really slow and with a big smile on her sexy face, licking his tip and working her way down to the shaft, the base and his big balls too! We call that complete oral service, my man! He tells her he is going to make a sextape so he could watch it alone when she will be in college. And because her biyfriend already has the camera out and is rolling, she figures, why not make him a naughty video? Of course, she is a freaky little chick that has to take it to the next level. After sucking his cock she strips naked and spreads her legs so he can pump her pussy in missionary position while she rubs and massages her tiny, perky titties, looking good for the camera, almost as she would have anticipated the possibility of ending up all over the web, lol! Watch him flip her over like a burger on the grill, put her down on her hands and knees and fuck that juicy pussy doggie style, baby! Naked girl takes it like a whore and then rubs her slit and clit for her guy. We get a great look at her delicious looking snatch. It’s clean shaved and tight. He pounds that pussy from multiple angles and gets ready to cum all over her face and titties! Finally the cheating girlfriend gets the best Valentine’s present – ex-boyfriend uploaded their private sextape to GFRevenge:   After getting dumped or cheated on, these poor ex-boyfriends slumped into sadness and remorse… until they discovered GF Revenge! Now they are getting vindicated by uploading all those dirty nude selfies and amateur sex tapes of their hot, slutty, cheating whore ex-girlfriends they still held on to and sharing them over the web! See these slutty bitches down on their knees, sucking dick, licking balls, bending over for some hardcore pussy fucking and intense anal sex before letting their now ex-boyfriends cum all over their faces, big tits and juicy butts! New ex-girlfriends and hot amateur user submitted vids added regularly!