Man, if you ever visit Japan, you simply can’t leave without getting a 4 hand massage from a couple of smoking hot Asian babes in your motel room, just like this smart fella in this video clip. He got a brunette and a brown haired masseuse to give him a massage with a happy ending and the beautiful girls are doing one hell of a job rubbing oil all over his naked body and getting his dick as hard as a rock with their soft hands. Teens from Japan use their slick, smooth tongues to play with his, sliding down his body, licking him all over until they reach his hard cock and balls. You will fall in love with these Japanese teens! I love the way these two hotties work in tandem, I love the way the cameraman highlights POV style. The girls suck, lick and stroke and the brown haired oriental babe slides her bathing suit to the side as she squats over his cock and impales her tight Asian pussy on it. She rides on his cock while the other girl swaps tongue with him and licks his nipples. After a while of fucking the brown haired girl, it’s time for her to get off and for her sexy black haired pigtailed friend to get on and take her place! While she rides his cock, the other girl strips naked and takes her place, but now she is riding his throbbing member with her back facing him, grinding her fabulous bubble shaped ass and giving him one hell of a view! There’s a nice orgasm or two here. Two naked girls get down on their hands and knees, side by side, so he can take turns fucking them both from behind, doggie style. While he fucks one of them, the other watches and sucks his dick and balls until he’s ready to cum all over both Asian chicks! They are two beautiful Asian babes I couldn’t get enough of. Don’t miss these cum swapping beauties from Tokyo. Having two jap sluts all to myself is the dream!   Exclusive sex videos with naked Japanese girls never seen outside of Japan! Don’t miss out on your hottest Japanese sex fantasies, because Erito has the best Japanese HD porn on the web! We are talking exotic, submissive, charming, delicate, graceful Japanese dolls with big tits, juicy bubble butts and dripping wet pussies! It’s all about the most erotic Asian women! This site invites you to experience the world’s hottest Japanese girls in HD! Your membership gives you access to a database of over 150+ exclusive scenes featuring the most beautiful babes straight from Japan. You will fall in love with these hot Asian girls as you watch them sucking cock, getting fucked hard and swallowing cum!