I met a couple of hot chicks at the club the other night and we ended up back at my place, having a wild and kinky threesome fuck! While one of the girls rode my hard cock, the other one sat on my face and I fucked her twat with my smooth tongue! The girl riding my dick had her big tits pulled over her bra, and she looked over her friend’s shoulder, checking out how I was eating her out! I love it when a girl wants to sit on my face and take control when I fuck her dripping wet pussy with my tongue and her sweet juices flow down into my mouth. Then two naked girls settled between my legs and shared my throbbing dick in a sensual double blowjob, licking my shaft and my balls while they stared at each other, so fucking hot! My cock is too big for girls to take full in the mouth up to throat. They kissed, swapping their saliva and my precum and the first chick went back to riding my hard cock while her friend watched us fucking, cupping her buddy’s breasts in her hands  and leading her on. She rubbed her muff and made out with me, burying her silky tongue down my throat as he friend performed wicked hot squats on my cock! Hot girls stroked and sucked my cock some more and the first girl got back on top for more cock riding fun! She was so fucking hot, but I really wanted to fuck her friend too! I tried to hold off “cumming” as long as I could. I got her from cowgirl to missionary, and the friend sat on top of her belly, playing with her as I fucked her. I looked down at her fabulous bubble butt and semi parted slit and took the opening, popping my dick out of her friend’s cunt and ramming it deep inside hers! I took turns fucking both bitches and making them suck my cock and lick my balls until I was ready to cum and spray my hot jizz all over one of the girl’s pussies and watching her friend lick it all up! After I stopped, she leaned over her friend and licked my cum off her stomach and her hairy bush. It was amazing to watch her play with a hot sticky mess. I’ve never been happier, it was truly an awesome experience. By now most of you guys know that girls love threesome fuck!   The best way to bring out the beauty and sensuality of these breath taking hot girls is through the best high definition and highest quality video, and that’s just what you get when you step into HD Love! Beautiful naked girls getting their mouths filled and their faces covered by massive loads of hot cum; getting down on their knees so they can suck their lover’s throbbing cock and lick their balls; sexy teen babes spreading their legs so their girlfriends can eat them out as they explore hot lesbian sex together; first time anal fucking and much, much more here! The most amazing sex scenes in 1080p!