My roommate and I love living together and we share everything, bills, expenses, food, drinks, clothes, shoes, make-up, sex toys, you name it! I love bringing guys over and I noticed she’s been in a slump lately, so I decided we’d also start sharing guys! Yes, we are two crazy bitches! My current fuck buddy was more than okay with this and soon I had my gorgeous roomie bouncing up and down his rock hard cock while I rubbed her pussy and watched her beautiful tits bouncing up and down. We had lesbian sex before, many times, everything from showering, making out and masturbating together to fucking each other with our favorite sex toys, but this was the first time we had a threesome with another guy! It was so fucking hot! I stroked the guy’s hard cock and rubbed his balls while he fucked my naked roomie, pulling his throbbing dick out of her cunt so I could suck it hard, tasting her pussy on it as I straddled myself atop and rode him, with her next to us, getting fingered by him while he was banging me! He put her sideways and fucked her wet pussy some more and I licked his balls, cock and her slit as they banged on the couch! He put me down on my hands and knees and plowed my wet pussy doggie style while my roommate spread her legs wide open so I could eat her out. I slid my tongue into her moist pussy and it was the best feeling ever. I was really wet, it’s awesome to lick a pussy and take a dick from behind at the same. I licked her twat and finger fucked her, flipping into a 69, with me on top of her and our guys banging her pussy! I couldn’t wait for him to pull out of her snatch and blow his load all over the both of us, in my face and in her pussy! Love the cumshot! I really like when a guy cumming in my mouth, but I’ve never sucked the cum out of a pussy before, and it was awesome. His cum was warm and perfect and that just fucked covered in sperm pussy was perfect too. Her beautiful pussy was inches from my face and I couldn’t resist to taste her. That is how every sex should end! Thanks for making my dreams come true.   Babes brings you the hottest babes getting wild and naughty in HD erotic videos that will blow your mind! Yes, sir, the name speaks for itself. Sit back and watch sexy babes taking part of tantalizing erotica. Their erotic nudes are just the beginning, as these sublime goddesses explore their sexuality, on their own, with their boyfriends and with their girlfriends too! Hot lesbian sex, intense masturbation and sex toy fun, unbridled cock sucking, luscious fucking, hardcore anal, incredible cumshots and alluring facials with the hottest, sexiest and breath taking babes!