Sharing a dorm in college can be pretty hard at times, you are always compromising and negotiating the terms of living together, but up to now, this hot blonde and her brunette roommate have managed to pull it off. Today, the blonde is trying to study for a big test coming up next week, but it’s kind of hard with her roommate and her boyfriend having sex in the bed right next to her desk! Who can concentrate like that? The roommate can sense her friend’s discontent, so she calls up one of her male friends to come on over and smooth things out! Pretty soon, the blonde is lying on her back in bed, with her pants and panties rolled down her thighs, with her naughty roomie caressing her slit and biting on her luscious butt cheeks! Her naked ass looks really gorgeous. If you like a smooth pussy slit and very clean ass crack you’ll love this girl. She darts her tongue between her buns and teases the blonde’s asshole, a good salad tossing is just what she needs to get her mind off the books for a while. She rubs her cunt and her butthole and goes back to her bed, where her boyfriend’s hard cock is waiting for her to stroke and suck it while the blonde watches! The brunette squats on top of his boner and buries her snatch in it, riding him hard and fast while the blonde imitates her on her own bed, with her new friend! Two naked girls riding a dick in their dorm room, awesome! I can’t get enough of watching these horny students having sex together in front of each other. Boob lovers should like this hot blonde, she’s got an awesome set of natural boobs. The roommate gets down on her hands and knees and begs her guy to fuck her twat doggie style and when he tells her that he’s going to cum, she drops to her knees, aiming that big dick at her face while stroking it, making his blow his load and spray jizz all over her face and mouth! I bet the blonde can’t count all who fucked her roommate and cummed on her face on two hands now. This hot threesome in the dorm room is just the beginning. Watch these coeds having group lesbian sex orgy with other naked girls in the showers and doing other naughty things with their friends, so definitely don’t miss the full length video here:   Good girls just go to College, but crazy girls go to STFU College, man! Instead of studying hard, these wild college babes are partying hard and fucking even harder! That’s right! These dirty college vixens are all about getting naked, sucking dick, licking balls, eating their roommates’ pussies, masturbating, getting fucked hard, enjoying anal sex, group sex orgies, threesomes, foursomes and topping it all off with explosive cumshots and facials that leave their naked bodies drenching cum and wanting more! Cock crazed coeds who know how to have fun. Cum inside right now and discover all the raw and hardcore action that goes on at Campus today!