This horny dad had the best intentions when he agreed to let his daughter take part of her college’s student exchange program. He knew what to expect, the college would send a fat, ugly, nerdy chick from another country to stay with them for a semester, but instead, they sent this smoking hot Latina babe with big tits and a juicy bubble butt! She’s constantly walking around the house in skimpy skirts, tight blouses, even in her sexy sleeping gown or with just a towel wrapped around her banging body! When he walks into their bedroom and catches her in a sexy jammie, he can’t resist the temptation and pretty soon he’s got her face down in bed, spreading her legs and bubble butt cheeks while rubbing and fingering her dripping wet clam! All I can say is WoW. This girl is hot and she has absolutely amazing ass! The best bottom! This video should be absolutely essential for all ass lovers. He sinks his face between her juicy ass cheeks, rimming her asshole and licking her teen cunt and the naughty exchange student grabs on to the bed sheets, flipping over and parting her legs so he can munch on her tender cunt! She grabs his throbbing cock and takes it to her hot mouth, sucking and stroking his member and letting him know just how bad she needs him inside her! Sweating, she gets on top of his crotch and impales her pussy on his dick, riding him hard and fast. He presses her body against his own and plows her cunt and she strips naked while riding his rod and making out with him. He fucks that juicy bubble butt in reverse cowgirl while rubbing her muff and kissing her wet lips and she bounces up and down the length of his erect cock with beads of sweat running down her perky tits. Watch him pull her to the edge of the bed and fuck her hot Latina ass doggie style! Thats one bad ass chick and one kick ass scene where the girl reallly wants to fuck! She is very sexy, she loves cock, she loves fucking. This girl is freaking AWESOME and the dude did GREAT with his energy. They work great together. Great chemistry, worked each other into a lather, fingers her booty, nine shots when he unloads, she loves dick and cleans him up. That cumshot was a veritable torrent and a visual feast. He had about a pint of cum. Well done RKs!   Loaded to the brim with the hottest girls, Reality Kings is a must in your fap collection! Thousands of hardcore sex scenes and smoking hot teens/babes/MILFs in the best scenes you’ve ever seen before! Sensational babes with huge boobs and juicy bouncing butts, dripping wet twats doing incredible things with huge cocks on camera.