This guy’s girlfriend just came back from dancing practice, and every time she does, she just has this glow on her face. Dancing is her passion and it just seems to connect her with a very erotic, sensual, naughty part of her sexuality. Maybe it’s the dancing, perhaps the music, she might even have a crush with one of her male or female co-dancers or even with the instructor! He doesn’t give a fuck, he just knows she comes back ready to suck his dick and get fucked hard and he loves it! As soon as she’s through the door, she’s taking off her sweaty dance clothes and jumping into bed, spreading her legs and rubbing her muff as her boyfriend penetrates her. She leaves her pink leg warmers on, it turns them both on. He raises her legs over her head and penetrates her deeply as she caresses the sides of his thighs and bites on her upper lip. They have their fun and luckily he records it all for us to enjoy. His girlfriend is a hot and horny chick who will make you fall in love from the first sight. She is a tall, slim, athletic babe with a super sexy body. No wonder, her boyfriend wasted no time spreading her legs and stroking that hot little snatch. Lying back with two legs up together in the air she squeezed his dick inside, awesome. He pounded that pussy all over the couch and made his girlfriend orgasm hard! They are both so fucking turned on, they don’t even change positions, she just wants her pussy to get pounded hard by him until he’s ready to blow his load and he enjoys using her twat as his favorite fuck hole, pounding at her in that same position until he’s ready to cum. When it was his turn, he pulled his hot throbbing cock out and drenched her pussy with his cum. Depending on her mood, sometimes she begs him to blow his load all over her face and tits, maybe all over her ass or in her mouth so she can swallow his sweet and salty spunk! Some other days, when she’s really extra horny, she begs her man to cum inside her, be it in her pussy or in her asshole if he’s giving her anal! Fucking hot! This is one more amateur homemade sextape you won’t want to miss! Be sure to check out more amateur girls in amateur sextapes, I’m sure you won’t be disappointed:   If you want to watch the hottest real life girlfriends getting fucked hard in homemade videos and amateur sex tapes, you need to cum and check GF Revenge out! This is the spot where guys cum when their girlfriends break up with them, ditch them for another guy or even worse, get caught while cheating on their men with their best friends! Now these guys are uploading all those sexy moments they had with their slutty ex-girlfriends online so everybody can see them naked, masturbating, sucking dick, fucking, enjoying anal sex and getting their faces blasted with hot cum!