Is there anyone else that loves creampie and cock crazed teen sluts? It’s your typical morning and this dad is starting his car, ready to go to work and drop his young sexy daughter off at college, but the damn thing just won’t start! After fumbling with it for a few minutes he decides to call the mechanic, but he’s late for work, so he decides to leave her so she can stay until the mechanic arrives and fixes the car. The guy is a total hunk, and the sexy teen with braces enjoys watching him work shirtless on the engine, sweating under the hot morning sun. Since daddy is away at work and she is feeling so horny, she invites him in for a glass of cold water. The horny teen starts hitting on him and fuck, the guy’s human, you know? By the time she has his hand over her breast, he has a huge boner ripping through his jeans! They strip naked and she hops on top of his throbbing erection, impaling her tight teen cunt on it and riding him hard and fast on her dad’s favorite couch! Probably not the first time she has some hard and big in her tiny pussy. Her nicely shaped, firm, youthful body is so beautiful. This teen girl has amazing ass and she knows how to ride a dick! She may be the hottest girl in the history of porn. After riding his cock, young naked girl lies back and spreads her legs, licking the palm of her hand and rubbing her twat with it as he penetrates and fucks her in missionary position. He bangs her so hard while grabbing her titties and watching her dirty face as she begs for more and more! He fucks her sideways while they make out and then she straddles herself back on top, with her back and bubble butt facing him! Man, I wouldn’t be surprised if her dad finds out that she’s pregnant later on, because the old perv cums inside her tight pussy at the end! When his cock comes out of her tight pussy, you can see the river of cum pouring out of her vagina. Daddy’s slutty teen daughter gets fucked hard and creampied at the end, awesome! The old perv must have dumped a quart of cum inside her. With a body like that, her tight pussy and a pair of young perky titties, that creampie was a logical outcome. Love Natalie Monroe, playful and good chemistry as usual. Whats does every girl want the most but is too afraid to ask for? Yes, you are right, a nice warm creampie:   Real teens + creampies = amazing sex scenes! Teen Pies is serving fresh cream pies and if you like ‘em young, fun and full of cum, you have to cum check them out right now! Every scene in this site has a creampie, so satisfaction is guaranteed! You have over 2,500 scenes with hot teen sluts getting all their tight holes fucked hard and filled to the brim with hot cum until it oozes down their naked bodies! These naked girls love to suck cock and get fucked hard, they enjoy a dick up their ass, but what they love the most is the sticky creampie at the end! Don’t miss the #1 teen creampie website.