Two naked girls taking bath together! If those words alone dont give you a boner, there might be something wrong with you! I can’t get enough of watching lesbian scenes with hot naked girls, if you love it too, don’t miss this video: Naughty roommate caught masturbating in the tub by her hot lesbian roommate! This brunette girl just found out why her blonde roommate takes such long baths! She’s usually knocks before barging in, but today she came back in a hurry and opened up the bathroom door without even thinking it might be occupied and she caught her roommate masturbating in the bathtub! Naked girl was totally concentrated in the task at hand, eyes closed, one hand groping and squeezing her juicy tits in tandem while the other one was buried between her legs, rubbing and fingering her snatch! Her naked titties look amazing with puffy nipples sticking up out of the water. When naked girl opened her eyes, she found her sexy roommate in a tank top and panties, looking at her with a very dirty look on her face! Busted! What’s a girl to do? She invites her to join her and the sexy roommate strips naked before her and get in the tub. Naked girls begin kissing and the brunette lifts the blonde’s body unto the water’s surface and spreads her legs, eating her wet, hot pussy. Her hands reach to her tits, squeezing them and playing with her puffy nipples while she devours her cunt, getting her saliva all over her pink slit and spreading it out with her silky tongue. They get out of the tub and into the bedroom, where the brunette masturbates her roommate in bed and makes her squirt! Her pussy just goes off like a motherfucking garden hose, spraying squirt juice all over the sheets! The girls rub their pussies against each other, scissoring, and you can see all that milky, creamy squirt juice dripping and oozing between the crevices formed by their crotches! The brunette gets on top and dry humps her friend, rubbing her pussy against hers, as if she were penetrating her, so fucking hot! Asslicking is so damn hot too. These two girls are simply amazing! 