It’s not hard to pinpoint just what makes this teen girl so stunning, she has the most beautiful pussy I have ever seen, her bald pussy is as smooth as silk and her wet slit is absolutely amazing. His young girlfriend has it all, perky titties, flat stomach, tight ass, unbeleivable pussy, great legs and a beautiful face! In addition she loves when her boyfriend cums in her, awesome! These guys produce some of the hottest “teen sex” you’ll EVER see: I woke up around 3 am pretty exhausted and hungry after a night of fucking with my sexy boyfriend! I put on some cotton socks and my white lace baby doll and came to the kitchen to serve myself some strawberries with whipped cream. Looks like I woke up my boyfriend and he was in the mood for some dessert too! He put me over the kitchen counter, spread my legs and darted his tongue between my pussy lips, eating me out! He inserted a finger in my cunt as he licked, kissed and nibbled on my pussy lips and clitoris, pulling down on the top of my baby doll, exposing my titties and puffy nipples as she reached out and squeezed them in his hands like ripe grapefruits! His cock was hard as a rock and ready to fuck me hard over the kitchen counter. I love these impromptu sex sessions that just happen out of the blue! I felt like his dirty little slut, just lying there over the kitchen counter with my legs spread, getting fucked so hard by him! He made me stand bending over the counter and pounded my twat from behind and I lifted a leg over the kitchen counter so his dick could go deeper inside me as he kissed my lips and I saw my reflection on the fridge door. With my tits hanging over my lingerie baby doll, I looked like such a dirty slut, loved it! He told me he was about to cum and I begged him to keep his dick inside me, I wanted him to cum inside me and as I felt his dick releasing so much hot cum inside my pussy I felt awesome! Feeling his throbbing inside me, feeling his jizz oozing between my legs after a hot fuck is so intense! It makes me reaaaally hot, it pushes me over the edge, when he is from behind thrusting and cumming in me at the same time. I like when my GF says “cum in me” I’m getting hard just thinking about it. 