I’m all about gender equality and I think it rocks when hot, beautiful college girls decide to study sciences! Yeah, baby, we need for girl scientists to make this world a better place! You see, women really know what to focus their investigations and research on, the really important stuff! This girl in particular has decided to study same-sex relationships for her scientific work! What better place to perform her research than her dorm? Soon she finds two lovely lesbian babes that are willing to serve as her research subjects! The girls strip naked and start making out while the soon to be scientist sits back with her fellow researchers and observe. The couple they selected is formed by a hot blonde and a sexy brunette, maybe they want to see if blondes and brunettes perform differently in same sex relationships, it looks really promising! The blonde is fingering and licking her lover’s twat and soon two naked girls move to mutual masturbation. The science students are mesmerized watching the horny young lesbians in their natural habitat, shamelessly making out and gratifying each other, they seem so attuned to the other’s sexual needs. Naked girls move to yet another position, with the blonde on the bottom and the brunette on top, in a sizzling hot 69 position that allows them to mutually eat each other out. Cunnilingus is a very interesting and fascinating area of study in itself and soon the blonde is down on all fours, getting fingered from behind by the brunette, who shows her dominance. Do you think this is all non stop pussy eating? This is a submission that stands out from the rest! Imagine the surprise if you see your girlfriend in her dorm room when her two naked roommates making out right in front of her. Do you keep quiet while hiding and filming? Well that’s exactly what went down on this week’s submission. The science student is getting really turned on by the lesbian show with two naked girls, and asks the guys handling the cameras to help her bf out! Watch her sucking his dick and getting cummed, turned on by her hot lesbian study subjects! Her chin covered in sperm looks absolutely amazing. This study rules! 