Here is one more lesbian threesome! Two naked girls with their legs open grinding their soaking wet with girlie juice pussies against each other. These girls will absolutely blow your mind!!! Daaaamn. The lesbians are looking nice and hot! Would you like to be in the middle? Haha! This scene is a scorcher: I walked in on my roommates and found them totally naked in bed and scissoring each other! The view of their trimmed, tender pink pussies rubbing one against the other, with their pussy juices mixing up was so fucking hot! They looked at me with a naughty smile on their faces, inviting me to get naked and join them in bed for a hot lesbian threesome and I could not resist nor turn down such a sexy invitation! I stripped and lied between them, caressing and kissing their naked bodies as I watched their pussies rub. The pussy grinding was so hot. Amazing! Beautiful! I kissed their wet lips and licked their velvet tongues, just letting my fingers, lips and tongue wander shamelessly across their hot naked bodies. I straddled myself on top of my roommate’s face, the one that was playing bottom, and felt her tongue wiggling between my pussy lips, parting them and licking my slit as she got scissored. The girls spit roasted me next, making me get on my hands and knees and while the girl that was eating me out spread her legs, I sank my face between her legs and devoured her clam, feeling how the other naked girl behind me stuffed my pussy and my asshole with her slick wet tongue! They spread my ass cheeks wide open and while one of them lapped up my anus, the other one finger fucked my dripping wet twat! I was so fucking turned on by the way they were making love to me, rimming me, finger fucking me, banging me, making me their bitch! I was on all fours, watching them kiss and swap my ass and pussy juices and just waiting for my turn to toss their salads too! That ass was so ripe, it made me want to stuff my face in it. One of the girls stood up while the other ate her wet twat. Standing over her face, she wanted to cum right in her mouth, absolutely amazing! I’ve never seen anything like that before. Some nice streams of girlie juice running down right into her open mouth! It was a great day of orgasming together! 