The sexy blonde amateur you see in this user submitted sex tape was this guy’s hot girlfriend, until the bitch dumped his ass and left him for his best friend! Wanting revenge, he sneaked into her home late at night with the key he had yet to return to that ungrateful slut and recuperated that sex tape they had made a long time ago, and sent it our way! Now sit back, whack your cock and check this shit out, bro! The sexy little slut is spreading her long legs in bed and pulling her cotton panties to the side so she can rub her muff for her man while he is filming her. He pulls her top up and exposes her big tits as he rams his sausage in between her tender pussy lips, parting them and stuffing her cunt with his cock meat. You can tell she loves getting fucked hard like a dirty little bitch, right? She gets off his rod fir a bit so she can take it in her hands, stroking and sucking his cock, lubing it up with her saliva before straddling herself atop and stuffing it back inside her, riding her ex-boyfriend with glee. Her titties bounce up and down and she pulls those golden lock away from her face as she fucks her hard and fast, with his meaty sausage going as deep inside her as it possibly can. She rubs her muff and turns over while still riding his erection, her juicy bubble butt and sexy back facing him as she rides her man. Sexy naked girl riding a hard dick POV, it is just what the doctor ordered! He then got her right over the couch on all fours to take a good pounding from behind. Man, she had a fantastic ass, I bet that motherfucker still masturbates to it every now and then, who the fuck wouldn’t! Watch her suck his rod until he cums all over her pretty face! He and his sexy girlfriend had their fun and luckily he recorded it all for us to enjoy. All of these sexy girls predict that their boyfriends filming them will end up showing it to all their friends, and the girls are absolutely right. But they did not expect that their intimate sex video would wind up on GFRevenge for millions of people to see!!! You dont want to miss this sexy girl getting fucked on the bed by her boyfriend and loving every minute of it till she got a nice cum fountain right in her face.   Now that these sexy ex-girlfriends broke up with their former boyfriends, the XXX homemade footage of them from better days has found its way to the web, with hardcore action, sizzling videos and the hottest girls on the web! Before dumping their boyfriends, these naughty whores enjoyed getting nude for their boyfriends and letting them capture them on video as they sucked their hard cocks, got their tight pussies fucked, enjoyed incredible anal sex and had loads of hot cum splattered on their faces, tits and asses! It’s all right here at GF Revenge!