Down on her knees on the men’s restroom floor at her workplace, this sexy babe drools as her office lover slaps his cock against her outstretched tongue and she strokes and sucks it hard. She’s been waiting all day for this, and now that everybody else has left the building, it’s time for her to make up for that boring weekend with her husband! She missed her office lover’s black hard cock so much; she couldn’t wait to get fucked hard in the nasty bathroom! He lifts his throbbing cock and jerks it as she licks his balls, strands of drool dripping down her chin, all over her tits and her office clothes. Babe sucks his huge black dick, gets choked and her knees are trembling from pleasure. She missed sucking those balls, she missed eating that delicious dick. He pushes her face against his shaft, making her gag on it and produce more drool, she strokes his cock and watches it splatter all around them, she loves messy blowjobs and handjobs just as much as he does, that’s why they make such a perfect match! Her black skirt and stockings complete the look of the sexy office girl. Hot babe in a business outfit and with no panties looks absolutely amazing! Great tits, great plump lips, great… she has everything that makes her the best! He puts her over the bathroom counter, spreads her legs and penetrates her with his thick cock. She missed feeling so full! Her husband’s cock is so small and insignificant, she needed a real man to fuck her hard and make her feel like a filthy whore! They head to one of the stalls and he sits on the toilet. Sexy babe sits on his lap and lets his hard black dick sink deep inside her dripping wet pussy. She’s ridden his dick in the bathroom stalls so many times; it’s always hot as fuck! He fucks her all over the office bathroom and she finishes him off with an amazing blowjob that makes him cum all over her face and tits! Watch the full video to see how much cum in his huge cock. With a full mouth of cum and her big tits covered in a thick layer of sticky sperm the cheating wife now can back to her husband. 