My best friend is a hot blonde babe, we’ve been friend since high school and she’s the kind of girl you can talk about anything and everything with, she’s like a girl-bro! Last night she was hanging out at my place and we get into this argument regarding whether brunettes or blondes gave the best head. I said brunettes and she said blondes, and since I refused to budge, she decided to prove it! I watched mesmerized as she stripped down to just her pink panties and high heels, crawling over my lap, taking my throbbing cocks in her soft hands and popping it into her mouth as I pulled her panties down her thighs and fingered her muff! She had a curvy bum, which was soft and yummy like a peach! We were both naked, she got on the sofa on her knees with her perfect ass high in the air. She licked and sucked my dick, from the base to the tip, drooling allover it with her sweet lips. Naked girl concentrated on my dick, slow licking it with her tongue, sometimes deep sucking my throbbing erection, to give me one of the best blowjob’s I’ve ever had. It was so hard not to cum in her little mouth prematurely. Then hot naked blonde rolled onto her back, and I was finally able to enjoy the full view of her beautiful body. She was naked and she had a nice shaved pussy that I wanted to split with my tongue. She told me she didn’t want to stop. I spread her legs and went down on her, eating her out and tasting her delicious pussy juices while groping her tender yet perky breasts! I couldn’t believe I was eating out my best friend after having her suck my cock and I would soon be fucking her twat! I licked and fingered her dripping wet pussy and she asked me to lie back as she caressed the insides of my thighs and crawled over my hard cock, sitting on it and riding me. I pumped her slowly at first, feeling her pussy envelope my shaft and squeeze it as we fucked and picked up speed. She pressed her flawless naked body against mine and kissed my lips, then got down on her hands and knees for me to fuck her doggie style from behind. I was drenched in sweat as I pulled out of her pussy and blew my load all over her ass! I splattered her back, ass, pussy, awesome. It was a week before she told me to have more sex.   Babes is all about hot naked girls sucking cock, fucking hard, masturbating, having hot lesbian sex and so much more in erotic HD porn videos that will totally blow your mind! These girls are young and sexy, now that they have turned 18 they want to explore their bodies and their sexuality, they love taking off their clothes, touching and getting touched, by men and women alike! See these naked girls in hot solo, boy on girl, girl on girl, threesome and group sex action, totally unbridled and uninhibited, enjoying sex and getting their hot naked bodies covered in hot, creamy cum!