The girls are stunning! This is one of the best updates ever! They are two of the hottest women eating pussy. Two of the very best girls together. What else could anyone want? This girl’s got a secret, a very dirty, naughty one indeed! You see, she is cheating on his boyfriend, but not just with any other guys, she’s cheating on him with his smoking hot lesbian sister! Can you really blame her? She’s fucking hot, with big tits, a sexy face and a juicy round bubble butt and every time she gets her hands on her and starts taking off her clothes as they make out, her panties get drenched! She feels her hands all over her naked body, groping her ass, squeezing her tits, lifting her in her arms and tossing her over her bed, lying on top of her and pressing her lips against hers. She slides down her body, licking her full breasts and sucking on her perky nipples, tugging on them, biting and licking on them as she squeezes her tits and slides down south, kissing her abdomen and pulling her pink panties down her thighs. She spreads her legs and dives between them, her tongue exploring her tender twat, parting her pussy lips and eating her, practically fucking her with that wet, smooth tongue. As she fingers her muff she can feel her boyfriend’s sister’s tongue darting in and out of her asshole, rimming her. Two beautiful women with perfect bodies and extremely good at what they do! Naked girls switch positions so now she can eat out her muff, pulling her ass up in the air and tossing her salad too, tasting that delicious asshole in her lips and tongue while watching her finger fuck her muff! She gets down on all fours so she can get eaten out and imagines the surprised look on her boyfriend’s face if he were to walk in on them and find her sister’s face buried up his girlfriend’s ass! The girls scissor on the bed, it is so nice having both wet pussys touching eachother. The girls lick each others hot pussies and assholes, masturbate and rub their clits against each other until they both climax several times. I can’t describe how great it is to see two naked girls enjoying the lesbian experience. Hot girls, real passion, ass licking, fingering, best scissoring (tribbing) ever… Beautiful naked girls, doing what you want to see! WLT makes the best ever lesbian scenes. Don’t miss more hot and passionate girl on girl sex scene.   We Live Together celebrates that special bond formed by these lovely women when they become roommates, best friends and lesbian lovers! Who needs cock when there is so much raw pussy and ass to go around? These naked girls are having the time of their lives enjoying girl on girl sex, strong squrting orgasms, threesomes, foursomes and group sex with tons of mutual masturbation, anal play, sex toys, fingering, kissing, making out and scissoring! Lesbian sex is here at its hottest, with new videos and sexy lesbian roommates added all the time! Watch them play, love, fuck and get off!