Guys from RK (click on the link under the video) deliver yet another spectacular video for all ass lovers and fans of anal sex. Watch this sexy bitch as she exercises on the stationary bike at her place. Her personal trainer is trying to keep a professional posture, but she’s been craving his hard cock for some time now, and after complaining about the heat, she took off her shorts and is exercising while wearing the sexiest thong, it hardly covers her asshole and twat as she pedals on the bike, making her juicy bubble butt jiggle like jello! She is hot, the body, these buttocks, her breasts and her juicy twat, absolutely everything about her is perfect! This girl has some of the best meat curtains I’ve ever seen! She is a very beautiful girl with a killer body! He pulls the thong to the side and sinks his tongue deep into the crack of her ass, licking her slit and her asshole. She opens her mouth wide with this dirty look on her face as she whips out his throbbing cock and slaps her face with it, drenching her with his precum, mixed up with her saliva as she sucks his cock and licks his balls. As she leans on the bike’s seat, he pulls her thong down and penetrates her from behind, stuffing her pussy with dick meat and pumping her hard and fast. He fingers her asshole too, the double penetration makes her squirm as sweat runs down her sexy body. He slides her sports bra up her body and uses it to reign her as he keeps jack hammering her pussy from behind and fingering her asshole some more. She looks over her shoulder and tells him she wants his dick up her ass, so he rams it up her asshole and gives her an intense anal pounding. Her little asshole wants to be destroyed by his big cock. He pushes her butt back and forth against his dick, turned into an insatiable anal whore for her trainer! She loves every moment of having all her holes filled. Watch her squat on top of his cock so he can drill her asshole while she presses her body against his! This girl is the best. She is so fit and can ride cock like a horse. I especially like the dirty talk. PHENOMENAL update, this is one of the best porn scene I have ever seen. One of the hottest girls on the planet and definately with the hottest body in porn. She’s a great performer. Good job RK! Exercise bike perfect perch for an ass fuck, who knew? He came 3,4 times – a cum champ! Don’t forget to download the full 40-minutes video here:   RK brings you the hottest hardcore sex videos, raunchiest updates and sexiest models, these guys have the best porn on the market! We are talking breath taking amateur girls and professional porn stars that enjoy stripping naked in front of the camera, masturbate, eat snatch, fuck with dildos, suck cocks, lick balls, get fucked hard, enjoy intense anal poundings and get their dirty faces and big tits glazed with cum! Best of all, your membership to Reality Kings gets you exclusive and total access to 38 full porn sites, all of them shot in spectacular HD! It just can’t get any better than this!