Building up trust in a new relationship takes a lot of time and effort, so it’s not like you can drop the “let’s make a homemade sex tape” line too soon without risking getting your ass ditched to the curb! Lucky for me, this hot, sexy, spicy Latina girlfriend I hooked up with some weeks ago is totally open minded and kinky! Matter of fact, it was her who brought up the idea of making our own amateur sex video! I was blown away in the best of ways! I got my camera set up and joined her in the bathroom; where she was ready for me, wearing this sexy yellow tank top which I tugged down on to show her beautiful tits and perky dark brown nipples. She is gorgeous and has a banging body! She had this hot black thong and as she modeled it for me, I could see the G-string digging deep into the crack of her marvelous Latina bubble ass! It got this sexy Latina heated up, and pretty soon, all her clothes was coming off. She looked absolutely ravishing and after removing her top she lead me to the bedroom, where she got down on her knees and began sucking on my hard cock with this big naughty smile on her sexy Latina face. The head was insane and only a preview of what was to come. Of course, I got her back by pounding that HOT Latina pussy hard and deep on my bed. She lied in bed and spread her legs, pulling her thong to the side and rubbing her muff as I penetrated and fucked her in missionary position. She pulled the thong up and grasped the sheets, moaning and begging me to fuck her very hard and make her my bitch! I turned her over, on her hands and knees and rammed my dick up her tight pussy, pounding her from behind doggie style and filming that delicious bubble butt. It was so hot watching her juicy ass bounce all over, as I stroked that pussy from behind. My sexy girl looked so fucking dirty in this position; I could hardly contain myself from cumming inside her twat! The way she worked that round Latina ass was enough to make any man bust instantly.   GF Revenge is the hottest place on the web for user submitted real amateur girlfriend porn! Look at these sexy girlfriends! They are so damn cute and hot, who could blame their guys for wanting to make a naughty video? This porn site is loaded to the brim with sexy girls and amateur vids for you to bust a nut to! Long after their girlfriends cheated on them or broke up with them, these dudes held on to the explicit videos and pictures they took and filmed together and now there is no reason for them not to share this hot and loaded content on the web with the rest of the world! If revenge is the delight of the Gods, these amateur homemade sex videos will be the delight for your hard cock!