18 and takes creampie, my kind of girl! Guys, what about to bust a nut in that girl? Beautiful, curvy and sexy as hell! She is a sex goddess with the most amazing set of tits. I love my next door neighbor, she’s a sexy, spunky, dirty, spoiled teen slut and she’s always teasing me and giving me the blue balls, but I got my chance when the plumbing went down on her pad and she was left without water for a week, in mid-summer! She came knocking at my door asking if I could let her use my bath, and of course I said yes! After a while I heard her calling me out and I knocked and the bathroom door and she told me to cum inside. She was naked in the tub and with a very naughty smile on her face and as I took off my clothes to join her I could see her staring straight at my throbbing cock! Naked girl posed on her knees with her beautiful ass in the air sticking out of the water. You’ll love the way the water beads up all over her glistening ass cheeks. Teen babe leaned over and took my dick to her wet lips, telling me she really wanted to thank me for being so nice to her, yeah! After sucking my cock and licking my balls we got out of the tub, dried up and headed to my bedroom, with her stroking my hard dick as I placed her down on her hands and knees, penetrating her tight twat from behind and fucking her hard doggie style! Her juicy bubble ass was sensational and her pussy was hot and dripping wet as I pounded her! I flipped her over and after fucking her in missionary position; she asked to ride my hard-on and straddled herself over my dick, impaling her snatch on it and riding me hard, fast and furious, lol! I fucked her sideways and I started cumming while still inside her pussy, pulling out and splattering hot cum all over her cunt, ass and asshole! She loved it and asked if she could stay until the water at her place got fixed! Lying on her back with her knees up naked girl began to masturbate rubbing sticky cum all over her slit and pussy lips. Hell, yeah! A hot girl who’s thick in all the right places takes a great cum shot. What’s not impressive about that? This pussy and ass creampie is one that you won’t want to miss. 