I’ve been with my sexy black girlfriend for a couple of years already, and yeah, as hot as she is, our sex life can get into a rut once in a while, so it’s awesome when out of the blue, you discover something new about your girl that turns you on! I came back from work and rushed to the bathroom and when I opened the door, I found her sitting in the toilet! I never saw her this way before and, to my surprise, my cock sprang to life under my pants! She noticed it and she was all like “WTF? Really? You get turned on by watching me pee? Well, let’s make the best of it, then, baby boy!” She started stripping in front of me as I whipped out my hard cock and stroked it in front of her. My hot black girlfriend wasn’t shy about showing off her sexy body in front of the camera and gave me some nice views of those plump tits and her round ass. I tried to convince her that we could make a little sextape. She dropped on her knees, pulling her top up and juggling her big ebony tits with pierced nipples for me. She looked damn good. That got her hot, so my girlfriend gave into the idea of a sextape. She stuck out her tongue and I proceeded to slap it with my cock, she liked it. She opened up wide, sucking, licking and stroking my hard cock. It was some amazing head. But it was nothing compared to how she worked a dick. My naked girlfriend looked absolutely amazing, lying flat on her belly over the rug, where I penetrated her from behind, fucking her slowly. She spread her ass and pussy for me with both hands, as she begged me to fuck her. We both took off all our clothes and she ordered me to lie on my back as she straddled herself on my cock, riding it with her back and bubble butt facing me. She was a total freak, shook that booty all over and played with her pussy for the camera. Unbelievable tits, sweet ass, whatelse does a man want? My black girlfriend was so horny, she didn’t even care about the camera anymoring away on it. The hot black babe ground that pussy and moved her ass and hips all over. Her dark curly bangs fell over her shoulders and her sexy back as she rode my throbbing erection, squatting on my pecker and turning over so I could admire her pierced ebony tits bouncing up and down as I got ready to blow my load all over her dark caramel body! This black girl is hot as hell, you don’t want to miss a minute of this one:   It’s no secret that black girlfriends love the cock and they love to fuck and suck and if you need proof all you have to do is take a look at Black GFs, a porn site completely devoted to showcasing the hottest real life black girlfriends in naughty XXX videos and pictures taken and submitted by their loving boyfriends, who love them so much, they want the entire world to witness their loving on camera! Cum inside and watch hot girlfriends with big ebony tits, juicy caramel bubble butts and dripping wet pink snatches sucking, fucking and cumming online!