It was all about hot girlfriends with amazing bodies this week on DampLips! When this dude walks into the kitchen in the morning and spots his hot girlfriend making a couple of fried eggs totally naked, he decides to offer her some sausage with eggs of his own, you know what I’m talking about! His hot naked GF gets down on her knees and holds his balls in her hands, licking and sucking them while stroking his meaty sausage and watching it grow big and hard. She sucks and jerks his rod with this dirty look on her slutty face, pulling her thong to the side and rubbing all that drool and precum in the palm of her hand all over her slit. Then she takes those fingers to her mouth sucking on them to get a taste of his cock mixed with her pussy. His girlfriend turns into a super freaky chick! Holding his big balls with one hand and his dick with the other she gives pro head but it is nothing compared to how she works a dick. Naked babe lies on the floor and spreads her legs, pulling her thong down so he can penetrate and fuck her with his big cock in missionary position. She fingers her clit while she stuffs her clam with his meaty chowder. Babe stands and wiggles her juicy bubble butt while taking off her thong and raises a leg over the kitchen counter as he penetrates her from behind, pounding her hard as they check out their reflection on the microwave oven front panel. Naked girl gets on her hands and knees and he licks her ass and pussy spreading her juicy buttocks with both hands. He fucks her from behind, admiring her sensual ass and back before she straddles herself over his beefy hose and impales her cunt on it, riding her man hard, making her tits bounce up and down and then flipping over so she can ride it with her ass facing him. His girlfriend must have spent a lot of time watching Internet porn because she works her ass perfectly. It is amazing watching her ass bounce up and down on his cock. Her whole body just arches in ecstasy! Her BF pounds that pussy like a wild man until he can’t take anymore and squirts a huge portion of hot sperm all over her pretty face and her sexy titties. This homemade amateur sex video is one that you won’t want to miss! Get more girlfriend videos. Aren’t they really fucking hot?   Real homemade videos and real life girlfriends, that’s what you find right here at Watch My GF! These guys want you to watch their hot girlfriends as they film them taking off their clothes, showing off their big tits, juicy butts and tight cunts, kneeling down to suck their cocks and getting down on all fours to get fucked doggie style by their boyfriends, or maybe masturbate and have hot lesbian sex with their best friends while they boyfriends film them doing it! These girls have no idea they will end up on the web as amateur stars!