Watch this sexy blonde babe taking off her lingerie in front of her horny date. He took her to dinner and the movies and now she is ready to give him a well deserved dessert! He has the camera rolling and is joking around with her. These ripe titties are out and in full view. She models half naked for him and ends up agreeing to a sextape. Blonde babe bends over to pull down her striped panties revealing pretty thick pussy lips that pucker together very nicely. He can’t help taking some close up pussy views. She gets totally naked except for her bright pink fuck me heels and spreads her legs as her date rubs his throbbing erection against her pink, tender twat. He penetrates her and starts fucking her in missionary position, it’s as big and as hard as she expected and she likes it! While he is banging her, she rubs her clit and bites her lip. She gets on her hands and knees and sucks his hard cock, lubing it up so he can continue pounding her tight cunt. She’s got this guy so turned on that after a few seconds of penetration, he pulls out, stroking his cock and blowing hot jizz all over her belly! His dick is still as hard as a rock, so this show is far from over! He penetrates her again and keeps fucking her and she’s pleasantly surprised that not only has he not gone limp after cumming over her, he’s actually harder! He lies flat on his back and naked babe squats over his dick, impaling her wet pussy on it and riding him with her back and her sexy bubble shaped ass facing him. The best part of this homemade hardcore sextape is when she’s riding her man and his rock hard dick buried deep between her round buttocks. This hot blonde babe knows how to ride a cock like none other. Watching her generous ass shake while she’s getting pounded is the best! That ass is just bouncing up and down his rod as she changes position, getting down on her hands and knees against the edge of the bed so he can nail her from behind, doggie style! Of course, he pounds her from the back and gives us a great view of that juicy ass, as it bounces and rebounds from the stroking. Naked babe rides his dick in both cowgirl and reverse, ready for her man to give her the second cumshot of the night, hopefully a nice, creamy facial! You won’t want to miss this home hardcore sex!   Don’t miss the net’s biggest archive of hot user submitted ex-girlfriend videos. Featuring tons of naked girlfriends, selfshot girls, teen sluts and voyeur sluts. The hottest teen girlfriends getting fucked on camera, trying anal sex and getting facials and creampies for the very first time. Watch their cute faces being sprayed and their tiny pussies being filled with cum in amateur home sextapes. No pornstars here, only real girlfriends exposing their dirtiest secrets for you. Enjoy!