Hot blonde girlfriend doesn’t mind making a sex tape with her guy! You know you wanna have an open minded girlfriend just like this hot blonde, she doesn’t mind at all when her boyfriend brings up the idea of them making a sex tape. Kind of makes him wonder why he didn’t bring it up any sooner, they’d probably have a whole frigging collection of amateur porn by now! Matter of fact, she whips out her own video camera so they can get filming on the spot, baby! His hot girlfriend aims the camera at herself in the kitchen, grabbing some hot shots of her stunning body. Pulling down her thong she gives us a nice view of her naked pussy. Her smoothly shaved pussy mound looks absolutely gorgeous. Sexy girl flirts with the camera a little bit before she gives her guy a hot blowjob and takes off all her clothes. The way she plays and kisses the head of his dick and her lips wrapped around his cock makes me wish more and more that it was wrapped around my cock. He goes on his back with his erection sticking straight up in the air and naked girl straddles herself atop his lap. She rubs his hard cock against her tender slit, fondling her pussy and rubbing her clit with his hot cock, before popping it inside her tight, pink gash and riding him. She loves rubbing her clit while she’s on top and she takes her time on that hard cock, feeling every single inch of his hardness inside her hot cunt. She leans back while grinding her pussy against his dick and he rubs her clit with his fingers as she bites on her lips and closes her eyes. This naked girlfriend looks lovely and hot in front of the camera as she spreads her long legs so her boyfriend can fuck her in missionary position. He’s pounding her snatch hard and fast and she’s rubbing her muff because the double stimulation makes her even hornier and she actually needs to bite her lip to keep herself from cumming too fast, she wants her boyfriend to fuck her longer in front of the camera before so everybody that watches their sex tape later can masturbate to them! What a dirty babe! Her boyfriend fucks her in multiple positions including on her back, on her side and bending over on her knees, giving us amazing looks at gf’s ass and pussy in action. She has her man cumming buckets on her. Don’t miss more hot girls in amateur home porn here:   When they love you, pamper you and shower you with kisses, love, affection and lots of hot sex, girlfriends are the greatest; but when they dump you or cheat on you with your best friends, these bitches deserve a measure of revenge and that’s what GF Revenge is all about, getting back at cheating and heartless ex-girlfriends by sharing their homemade porn movies and amateur sex videos online with other members! Sit back and watch the hottest real life girlfriends and exes stripping naked, sucking dick, getting fucked hard and enjoying incredible cumshots with new girls and videos added regularly!