This teen is a slut and she’s got a huge crush on her best friend’s dad! Every time she sees him she gets her panties drenched in her pussy juices, and when she gets back home, she has to rush to the bathroom to masturbate fantasizing about him and his hard cock! She’s insinuated herself to him so many times she lost count, but he doesn’t seem to get the message, so she decides to take it up a notch! Now, when her best friend’s dad walks back home after work, he finds her down on all fours in the hall, with her dress hiked over her hips, exposing her naked juicy bubble butt and wet snatch! She’s written “I’m a slut” and “All yours” on her ass cheeks, with arrows pointing to her pussy and asshole! She also left a bowl with condoms and a message asking him to use one when fucking her! Looks like he finally gets the message, ramming his huge, thick cock deep inside her tight pussy and fucking her very hard doggie style! Her teen pussy is so wet and tight, WTF, no condoms! This girl is too young and doesn’t want to get pregnant, she asks him to use a condom, but he pulls out the condom at the last minute and begins to pound away at that twat raw and uncut! She is hot getting pounded hard from behind and from above by that huge cock. He pounds her ass and slaps her buns, pulling her head back by her hair and fucking her like a whore, just the way she likes it and wanted! The fine line between abuse and pleasure is so thin. He pushes her body down against the rug and keeps banging her from behind, before getting her on her knees and fucking her mouth and throat, making her gag on his thick dick! This teen has gorgeous face for face fucking. He fucks her little mouth with his big dick. Watch him bang her hard against the wall and straddled on top of his dick. Her bubble butt looks absolutely amazing bouncing up and down. This little teen whore loves it so much, he lifts her, goes into the bedroom and continues to pound her teen snatch on his bed, making her scream with happy enjoyment. He shows her what hardcore sex is all about until he cums inside her and leaves a sticky creampie oozing from her gaping pussy! Her hot pussy is so nice, who could pull out!? He just shoot his ball sauce deep inside her vagina and seems she doesn’t even care. Lying on her back with her legs spread open wide she squeezes his sperm out of herself. Sexy teen getting filled with cum, awesome! Creampie overload! Really interesting video. Cool way of shooting it. Don’t forget to download the full video 1080p here:   The girls at Teen Pies are young, fun and full of cum! These naughty teen girls love getting creampied after sucking dick and getting fucked hard in front of the cameras! They enjoy eating cum and getting it all over their faces, tits, asses and bodies so much, but what they love the most is when their guys cum inside their pussies and assholes, leaving their gaping fuck holes dripping with a hot, sticky, fresh creampie oozing between their legs! The hottest teens get the freshest creampies. Watch these nasty cum loving teens spread wide open and get creampied in high definition videos updated all the time!