This week, I have a group of hot teen girls which know how to have fun! Don’t miss this one over the top submission that will surely satisfy all real teen porn lovers. After training at the tracks all morning, these three sexy girls are beat! Good thing one of the girl’s boyfriends agreed to pick them up after track practice. It’s a good thing the girlfriend brought her video camera along to film their practice, because now that they are heading back home, the two girls in the backseat start kissing and making out, and you want to get shit like that on video! Getting filmed gets them, even friskier and the gym clothe start coming off. These two teens are so hot! The brunette friend has her top pulled over her big nice tits and her panties and shorts dangling around her knees as the redhead friend sucks on her puffy nipples! It’s a long ride home and the girls got plenty time to have fun in the backseat. The redhead showers the brunette’s naked, sweaty body with kisses and spreads her legs so she can rub and lick her teen twat! She’s finger fucking that tight clam and you can see the cars passing by kinda slowing down to get a glimpse! This girl has incredible boobs and flawless pussy. If you like a very clean smooth pussy slit, juicy tits and sexy tan lines you’ll love this teen babe. Who would not want to tongue-fuck that beautiful bald pussy? The brunette kisses the redhead so she can taste her pussy on her tongue and lips, spreading her legs and pussy lips so she can return the favor, eating her friend out and masturbating her in the backseat! These naked teens lick their pink pussies like there’s no tomorrow. After the girls finish their thing, it’s time for the girlfriend in the front seat, who has her panties drenched by now, and her boyfriend to have some fun! They are so turned on by the lesbian show in the backseat of their car. Her boyfriend almost came his pants. They pull over and his girlfriend pulls down her panties and begins to play with her clit for him. She rubs her wet muff for him and leans over the driver seat so she can suck hard on his throbbing cock and lick his big balls. His sexy girlfriend sucks his cock and masturbates herself with one hand at the same time. What could be better than a blowjob with mouthful of cum ending? Her boyfriend busts a nut in her mouth, it is so awesome! DON’T MISS the full length sextape here:   If your girlfriend did you wrong, cheated on you, left you for another guy or gal, you can come to GF Revenge and get even! Watch hot teen girlfriends exposed in homemade videos and amateur porn videos filmed and submitted by their boyfriends and exes! Their big tits and bubble butts are caught on camera as they strip naked, masturbate, play with sex toys, have hot lesbian sex, suck cock, bend over and get fucked, enjoy anal sex and get their naked bodies covered with cum or enjoy fantastic facial cumshots while you watch! Cum check it out!