Sexy teen girl and her best friend get fucked hard by her step daddy’s big cock! Watch this sexy girl getting her shaved pussy licked and fingered by her best friend! The teens are experimenting with girl-girl sex for the first time and so far it’s been a blast! After getting her pussy licked thoroughly, the sexy naked girl gets on top of her friend and sucks on her puffy nipples, sliding down her body until she has her face buried between her legs. Totally turned on by this experience, naked girls scissor one another, getting ready to try out the huge purple double ended dildo they bought at the sex shop! Before the girls get a chance, the sexy girl’s stepdad walks in and finds them dyking out on the living room couch! He’s an open minded fella so he joins the girls, he thinks it’s cool that they enjoy pussy, but he wants them to know that a big cock is so much better! He grabs the huge double ended dildo and inserts each end into each girl’s pussy, using it to masturbate them before showing them the real deal! I could watch these two hot naked teens getting fucked their lovely 18 year old pussies with the double-ended dildo together all day, but watch them getting pounded hard by step daddy’s big cock it’s so much better. He’s lying on his back and he’s got his sexy stepdaughter bouncing up and down his hard cock while the friend licks her pussy and his dick and balls! After banging her in reverse cowgirl he puts her down on her hands and knees and pounds her pussy doggie style, he just loves fucking his hot stepdaughter! Two young naked girls get side by side and the stepdaughter masturbates while her step daddy is fucking her best friend, pumping her tight pussy with that big, thick dick that makes her cum so many times! Enjoy a pussy creampie at the end. There’s nothing better than a young pussy oozing with a cum! Every time her mom tells her how big her stepdad’s dick is, she rolls her eyes, if she only knew how well she knows, maybe even better than her! Watch more naked girls in their first time sexual encounters and threesomes by the link above. 