This hot babe has undoubtedly one of the most amazing asses I’ve ever posted. This is really an exceptionally good video for all ass lovers! This babe has a magnificent body. That big amazing ass is just so spectacular! It is so plump, round and beautiful. The sexy babe lets her boyfriend’s best friend give her hot anal sex, enjoy! She loves her boyfriend, but let’s face it, his dick is really small and a such hot babe needs a big cock to satisfy her tight pussy, so when his best friend invited her over to his place while her boyfriend was away for the weekend, she didn’t hesitate to accept his offer. After all, her boyfriend has seen him naked in the locker room and has mentioned his massive cock many, many times. She put on her sexiest lingerie and thong to turn him on and pretty soon she was showing her perfect bubble butt to him. Lying on her side on the sunbed at poolside she gave him a great ass view with her thong buried deep between her juicy buttocks. She gave him to understand, there is not a better ass to be found anywhere. Yeah, her bubble butt is quite stunning. A minute later, naked babe was sitting on his face, feeling his hot, slick, smooth tongue fucking her twat and penetrating her asshole, it felt so fucking hot, her boyfriend never ever gets near her chocolate starfish! What a great facesitting! Ass to mouth riding was amazing! Hot girl grabbed on to the massive bulge on his pants as she twerked her ass for him and when he whipped out his cock, she dropped to her knees, slobbering all over his gorgeous erection and his massive balls. She couldn’t help rubbing her pussy as she stroked his meat, his cock was at least triple the size of her boyfriend’s and she couldn’t wait to feel it stuffing her wet pussy, her mouth and her asshole and filling her up with loads of hot, sticky cum! Naked girl bent over, down on her hands and knees and begged him to fuck her from behind, banging her pussy doggie style and as he spit on her asshole and rubbed it with his thumb, she knew he’d be anally fucking her any moment and she could not wait for it! He stood still and she pushed back against his cock and straddled herself on his lap as he rammed his hard cock deep inside her asshole, it felt awesome! She takes that Louisville Slugger up her ass like a champ! What a fantastic anal! This is simply one of the best anal cock riding scenes ever. The hottest babe got her perfect bubble ass pounded hard by a huge cock, what else can you ask for?! Amazing girl, amazing ass, amazing anal! Thanks RK, wonderful update as usual. So definitely watch the full movie and more hot girls in action:   Reality Kings brings you the very best in hardcore and cutting g edge reality porn served on a silver platter of smut! The hottest girls and the raunchiest scenes are here to be enjoyed! Sexy teen sluts getting their panties pulled down, their pussies fucked hard and their mouths stuffed with thick throbbing dicks! Horny girls enjoying hot lesbian action and intense pussy munching! Sexy babes squirting like fountains when masturbated and fucked! White chicks gone wild over huge black dicks and so much more! Thousands of scenes and girls available and loads of sites to check out in this XXX network!