When you have a hot girlfriend, you just wanna take her everywhere you go, which explains why this guy took his to this boring mountain hike. Now, this isn’t the type of girl that bitches and whines about the boring stuff, she figures out a way to make it fun, and in this case, this means getting naked in the wilderness and having some hot sex in the middle of nature! She is a Crazy College GF like no other! She is feeling frisky and points out how desolate this scenic spot is. She wonders if anyone would see them, then she pulls out her big perfect tits and flashes the camera. Her boyfriend incites her on, and pretty soon, that round booty is out in full view. She strips down to her pink cotton panties and plays with her pussy in front of her boyfriend, noticing he’s already pitching a tent underneath his pants. Nice! He is so fired up at that point, he doesn’t even care and pulls out his erect cock. Fully naked his sexy girlfriend drops to her knees and talks dirty to him while stroking and sucking his hard cock, cupping his balls in her soft hands and giving them a good licking too. She put those dick-sucking lips to work, but wants her pussy lips to get worked too. Standing, naked girl bends over and spreads her luscious ass cheeks so he can penetrate and fuck her tight twat from behind, overlooking the beautiful scenery before them. Well, at least she is, he’s more motivated looking at her fine bubble shaped ass, and with reason, it looks great! It is a thing of beauty watching that big ass rebound from the stroking. He holds her tight and bangs her hard, making that juicy ass ripple before she gets back on her knees so she can get another taste of his juicy dick. Sexy girlfriend straddles herself atop his erection and rides it in reverse cowgirl, grabbing her ass cheeks in her hands and letting her tits bounce up and down freely with nature. She rides bf’s cock like a champ, as her big beautiful tits bounce all over. Her man tries to hold out as long as he can before he pulls out and blasts his load all over her pretty face! Watch him stroke his hard cock and blow his load all over her open mouth and slutty face, she loves it so much! It is a nature fuck you won’t want to miss!   There are college girlfriends and there are CRAZY college girlfriends and this site is all about the latter! Yeah, baby, at Crazy College GFs you are going to meet the hottest, sexiest, dirtiest and sluttiest girlfriends, who left their loyal boyfriends back home and embarked on a trip of debauchery and raw sexuality at College! Breath taking real college amateurs with stunning bodies, big tit and juicy butts are spreading their legs wide open and welcoming the hard cocks of all the guys at Campus, ready to drop on their knees to suck dick or eat snatch and get fucked hard!