Horny blonde teen daughter gets her pipes unclogged by the plumber’s huge cock! This naughty blonde babe is rubbing her wet muff over the soft fabric of her lace panties while talking on the phone with her BF, who’s calling her to invite her for a walk but she can’t leave the house because her dad told her to wait for the plumber to finish his work unclogging the kitchen pipes. Thing is, she’s been watching him work and she’s been checking out his sexy body and that massive bulge between his legs, visible through his work pants, and she’s wishing he could unclog his pipes, which her boyfriend seems to have a hard time totaling unclogging with his tools, if you catch my drift and get my meaning, lol! The plumber has been checking her out too, and he likes what he’s seen so far and likes it even more when he sees her walk up to him totally naked and ready to go! Naked girl stands over him and squats so she can push her teen pussy against his face and he can eat her out. Her sweet pussy is dripping wet and that smooth tongue feels fantastic teasing and stimulating her slit, pussy lips and clit! Naked girl leans against the kitchen cabinet countertop and rides his face, reaching over to undo his buckle, buttons and zipper and get access to his rock hard cock. He places the horny teen daughter against the kitchen counter and penetrates her from behind, unclogging her pipes with his hard rod. Her pussy looks absolutely gorgeous here. He grabs her blonde hair and pulls her head back, she loves a man that is not afraid to give his girl some rough sex! What a beautiful, lovely, well shaped, tight, fine ass body this teen babe got. All rounded off with a pair of lovely natural perky tits. After plowing her from behind he shows her what deep throat is all about, as he pushes his big cock deep into her little mouth. After fucking her mouth with his big mushroom head cock he sets this sexy naked girl over the breakfast table, spreads her legs and continues pumping her pussy with his meaty hose. Damn! He puts her on all fours on the kitchen floor so her beautiful ass is open for him. He spreads her cheeks with both hands and buries his hard shaft in her tight pussy. After doggy fucking cute naked girl rides his dick, so hot! She lets him cum in her and he ejaculates a large amount! Hopefully her parents and her boyfriend dont find out about that creampie! Do you ladies enjoy that feeling when your man is coming in your pussy and it dribbles out of you? I always love it when girls get the chance to enjoy a creampie! I loved to watch the lucky guy fill her in! Loved to watch how he really got stuck in and put his shaft into her after he first creampied her. Great scene for all lovers of cum in pussy. DON’T MISS the full film here:   Grab a sexy teen slut, fuck her mouth, pussy and ass, cum inside her and watch that sticky creampie oozing from her tight fuck holes and you get Teen Pies! Yeah, baby, these dirty 18 year old teen whores just love getting creampied in front of the cameras, feeling that sticky man goop slowly dripping down their sexy nubile bodies after enjoying a hardcore fuck and lots of cock sucking and ball licking. Their tight fuck holes are always available for their lovers to cum by and drop a load or more with new videos added all the time! The sex act is not complete unless these girls have the stuff inside.