The classics of GFRevenge! I think one of the best teen sex videos you’ve ever seen. Two sexy naked girls getting fucked in the locker room! Yes, you heard it right! Two hot and sexy teen students sharing a dick in a hot threesome. This video is fantastic. These girls are damn hot enough said! This amateur video starts out with two teens making out in a locker room while boyfriend one of them films. Awesome, right? Well, it only gets better from there. What do you do when the sexy teens get naughty? You film it, of course! The girls are both fine as hell. He decides to film them so later he and his girlfriend could masturbate together re-watching it! At first the girls aren’t happy about it but very soon they agree and begin to show off their nice perky tits and their lovely butts on camera. Once they start, there is no stopping them. That leads to some titty and pussy touching. They are standing face to face, kissing and rubbing each other’s twats under their cotton panties. Girlfriend’s friend has her bra and top pulled away from her tits, and they look so hot. Once they begins to rub their pussies to each other, there is no turning back. The hot teens turn around, drop to their knees, pull down his pants, and begin sucking his dick. Girlfriend’s friend sucks his cock while she watches them! After smoking his pole, he turns her over, spreads her delicious ass cheeks and penetrates her from behind, banging her hard as she leans against his girlfriend. Finally we get some insane threesome sex – fucking girlfriend’s best friend in the locker room while she watches! His girlfriend is one of those girls who like watching their man having sex with another girl. I like it! She even helps her friend, spreading her ass with two hands more and pushing it on his dick. Naked girls kiss with tongues as the best friend’s beautiful round bubble butt bounce up and down his rod and his sexy girlfriend biting her lip and grabbing her friend’s butt, too fucking hot! Fortunately, they are all alone in the locker rooms. Two naked teens take turns riding his cock until he’s ready to spray a huge cumshot all over their open mouths!    