Three sexy schoolgirls in a hot foursome with a huge black cock! Awesome, right? Pick a good seat because you won’t want to miss these crazy teens. This amateur video is fantastic! Three naughty girls were in detention that turned into a hot sex orgy. Three tight teen pussies that were in their prime and ready to a good fuck. This teen girlfriend got caught in detention along with her two best friends and asked her boyfriend to come pick them up. When he arrived to their classroom the girls were in a good mood. She and her naughty friends looked so fucking hot in their schoolgirl outfits, and his girlfriend spread her legs and showed him she was wearing nothing underneath her short plaid miniskirt! The hot teen began rubbing her wet slit with her soft fingers and her friends joined her, one of the girls diving between her legs to eat her out and the other caressing and fondling her breasts under her white cotton blouse. There was another guy just watching the scene too, kinda hot if you ask me. Hot schoolgirl stood against the teacher’s desk and let her half naked friends spread her legs and play with her pussy and asshole for a bit, bf’s dick was as hard as a rock by now and bursting out of his pants! He pulled out his big dick and proceeded to teach the hot teens a lesson. A lesson in Sexual Education for three young girls, of course. They dropped to their knees around him and began sucking and stroking his huge black cock, licking his balls. After the oral exam in the middle of the classroom he told his girl he wanted to fuck her and two her friends! She agreed and the blonde lay back on the teacher’s desk and spread her legs with both hands for his big throbbing black cock! While he banged her tight muff, his girlfriend rubbed her clit and enjoyed watching her man has hot interracial sex with another one of her friends; she’s such a dirty slut! He made her other friend bend over one of the desks and fucked her tight cunt from behind, while his girlfriend and her other friend had hot lesbian sex. The lucky guy had the three girls eat each others pussies while he watched! Naked girls licked each other and waited for him to blow his load all over them! Three naked schoolgirls gave him grade A work, and he rewarded all them with a cum covering. 