It’s always hot as hell to watch threesome scenes with MILFs and teens, when a hot woman who knows how to suck a cock, how to ride and swallow, imparts that knowledge on a teenage girl who wants to learn. When this smoking hot mature babe finds out that her spunky blonde teen neighbor next door is still a virgin, she decides to do something about it, and invites her back to her place, where she has a big surprise waiting for her! The blonde gasps in surprise when she sees the mature babe’s sexy boyfriend, totally naked and stroking his hard cock in the living room! The MILF encourages the blonde tart to kneel down in front of her boyfriend’s throbbing erection and play with it, stroking and sucking on it while guided by the mature girl’s hand over her head. The MILF is surprised at how fast and eagerly the virgin learns to suck cock and kisses her lips so she can taste her boyfriend’s cock and precum on the teen’s tender lips. The mature woman is very dominant and the teen, being so submissive, utterly enjoys been guided and trained by such a hot, beautiful, dominant woman and her handsome well endowed boyfriend! The mature woman takes off her clothes and puts her down on her hands and knees, spreads her little ass cheeks so her boyfriend can penetrate the little pussy from behind and fuck her doggie style. The mature slut spreads her tight ass cheeks with both hands and drools all over her boyfriend’s hard cock and the blonde teen’s ass crack, lubing up her cunt and her asshole with spit. His big cock barely fits inside her small pussy but the MILF is here to help! Watching them fuck turns her on and she wants cock too, so she spreads her legs and begs her boyfriend to pound her tight muff while she presses the teen’s hot body against hers and makes out with her. The MILF is absolutely gorgeous! Love when the mom has natural titties. Little naked girl watches with great interest as his hard cock fucks that mature twat. She kisses her nipples and her clit and then puts her head on milf’s stomach and opens her mouth for that cock. This is fucking awesome! When he kept going from one girls pussy to other girls mouth is some of the hottest shit I have seen. Love the cock to pussy to mouth scenes. Hot! The blonde teen gets her legs spread and her pussy pounded some more by her mature neighbor’s boyfriend’s hard cock, while the sexy mature lady rubs her pussy and her clit, making her cum really hard! I love how she clearly enjoys his cock, moving her hips up and down, squeezing it with her tight pussy! Naked girls take turns getting their pussies pounded and at the end the horny MILF jerks off bf’s throbbing boner so the teen can get man juice all over her face for the very first time.   These hot mature mothers know how to bond with their new stepdaughters, going down on them and blowing and fucking their hot boyfriends in the most intense threesomes like the ones you can only watch right here at Moms Bang Teens! Breathtaking naked women with big tits and juicy bubble butts wanna wrap their lips around their stepdaughter’s boyfriend’s hard cocks and feel them pumping their pussy and ass, filling it up with loads of hot spunk while they teach young teens how to become the hottest fuck! Cum watch hot MILFs banging with teen girls and their boyfriends here!