These sexy girls know how to play video games! Is there anyone else who loves threesome sex scenes with two girls? This one is a hot, so be sure to check it out. This homemade sextape starts with a friendly round of video gaming. Hot redhead GF and her sexy blonde best friend were playing videogames and the girls looked so cute in their matching tank tops and red things, so the guy whipped out his video camera and started filming the girls as they played. Well, as you guessed, it didn’t take long for these hot teens to get to a whole different kind of game playing that is way, way hotter. Since the boyfriend was filming them, the girls decided to take a break from the game they were playing and play with each other! They began kissing, a bit shy at first, but after a few kisses the blonde introduced her tongue into the equation and his redhead girlfriend countered with her own and things got interesting! The girls striped naked and after some hot lesbian action these two hotties saw that he was rock hard and decided to turn their sexual energy towards the cameraman. He whipped out his fully erect cock and naked girls lied side by side and gave him a double treat, sucking on his dick and licking his balls in tandem! Wow! I love the way the girls enjoy his dick together. The lucky guy needs to be directing more home sex scenes! It was an insane blowjob, but their videogame party was just beginning. After giving him a double header, his naked girlfriend straddled herself atop his cock and began riding it while eating out her best friend’s twat! Of course he loves banging his girlfriend, but he gets to fuck her every time, he wanted to fuck her friend and she knew it! She got off his cock and let her friend get on top; her pussy was so wet, hot and tight! She rode him while rubbing his girlfriend’s twat and he watched them making out as he pumped her best friend’s pussy from behind, admiring her beautiful soft bubble butt! Teens take turns riding his cock while engaging in hardcore lesbian action. His girlfriend got really turned on watching him fuck her friend and begged him to fill her up with his cock and pound her while the blonde watched them, both naked girls eager to make his cum so he could blow his creamy load all over their beautiful faces, their big tits and their hot naked bodies! This is definitely much more fun than just watching them play video games! This is one crazy threesome with two hot teens you will not want to miss:   Sexy real life amateur girlfriends and ex-girlfriends with their legs spread wide open getting pumped with big hard boyfriend cock and opening their slutty mouths and letting all that creamy cum drip down their chins and all over their bodies after receiving a facial from their ex-boyfriends… and it all gets caught on video and exposed right here at GF Revenge, the hottest place on the web to bust a nut to real girlfriends doing real homemade porn in front of the cameras! New girlfriends and amateur videos added all the time! Threesome with best friends, teen orgies, college girls, the most hot and sexy girlfriends really know how to have fun!