This sexy brunette girl knows her boyfriend has always had this fantasy about doing it with two girls at the same time, every guy’s ultimate sex fantasy, she just imagined that if it ever happened, she’d be one of the girls involved! But when she walks into his dorm room, and finds him with two naked girls on their knees, sucking his cock and licking his balls, she’s just thunderstruck! Yeah, this dorm sextape starts in the most perfect way, two naked girls scissoring and sucking a dick at the same time!!! Yes, you heard it right! In college sometimes it’s cool to have sex with your roommate’s boyfriend. But these two sluts apparently really pissed off their best friend. She isn’t expecting to see both of her good friends fully naked sucking on her boyfriend’s cock in the middle of his dorm room. These sluts just laugh it off and tell her to chill and join them or get the fuck out, and the girlfriend slams the door and storms out! Her boyfriend knows he’ll have a lot of explaining to do, but that doesn’t mean he’s going to drop what he’s doing and go after her! Hell no! He’s been waiting for his threesome for a long time and now that he’s got two hot naked blondes sucking his dick and balls, he’s not walking out on an unfinished job! The girls don’t seem to care much, they keep smoking his pole and slobbering his big balls and he starts fucking one of them while the other has hot lesbian action with her. Her pussy is so hot and tight, much better than his girlfriend’s. Mmmm, maybe it’s time for him to change to a new, better model, or even better, two of them! The threesome gets really hot. While the blonde gets fucked from behind while down on all fours, her dirty friend watches and masturbates herself, eager for her turn to feel this guy’s big dick pounding her muff and her asshole and filling her and her sexy friend up with lots of hot, sticky cum! There is plenty of pussy eating, double cock sucking and fantastic cock riding in this DareDorm adventure. Of course, this cheating boyfriend finishes off these hot naked girls with a nice facial. Too bad his party pooping girlfriend didn’t decide to stick around; she could have learned a thing or two from these hot blonde college babes in heat! You don’t want to miss this one!   College sluts exposed on campus! If their boyfriends had any concerns about their sexy girlfriends going to college, they better not check out this site, because right here at Crazy College GFs, their once cute and innocent girlfriends have become dirty, cock craving college co-eds, stripping naked, sucking cock, masturbating, eating pussy and enjoying the best hardcore pussy and anal fucking on Campus! These college sluts don’t miss their boyfriends one bit and they don’t miss the sex neither, because here they are getting all the sex they want and then some! Cum watch the hottest amateur college videos featuring the sexiest real life girlfriends fucking!