My girl invited her friend over to teach her twerking, lucky me I came home just in time to catch them twerking their juicy bubble butts in tandem! The girls didn’t hear me come in and I watched as they twerked and took some selfies and videos of themselves. They’d got really heated up from all the twerking, and pretty soon, they were topless, before hopping on the couch and getting down and dirty with each other! My girlfriend’s bestie got on top of her and grinded her sexy ebony body against hers, as they kissed and touched! It was hot as hell to watch other girl rubbing my gf’s pussy and sucking her nipples. I had no idea they did this shit when I was not around, what a fucking turn on! When the girls finally realized I was there they had no idea how to react! I told them it was all okay, as long as they let me join in on the naughty fun they were having before I busted them! My girlfriend and her hot best friend gave each other dirty looks and invited me to watch! Two hot girls got down on all fours and gave me a great view of their perfect booties bouncing up and down. My girlfriend has a nice ass and she really learned how to twerk! She and her friend continued twerking their juicy bubble butts for me, making out and playing with each other. It was amazing. Things kept getting freakier. Naked girls placed mirrors on the floor and poured oil all over their juicy bubble butts, twerking over the mirrors and watching their sexy reflections! I whipped out my hot cock, and the ladies took turns sucking on it while they rubbed pussies to each other. The bestie spread my girl’s legs and started eating her out and I got behind her and began fucking her tight pussy while my girlfriend watched! Her friend’s bubbly ass was fantastic and her pussy was ultra tight! Her skin was much darker than my girl’s and that was also a big turn on! Of course I fucked my babe after banging her best friend and she confessed it was a turn on having my dick inside her after it had been in her friend’s clam! It was an insane threesome! There are no words to describe what the girls were doing with their butts. I took turns fucking both of them in every possible position and watching them have hot girl on girl action while I did so, finally cumming hard all over their faces, open mouths and naked bodies when they twerking their butts!   In case nobody told you before, nobody sucks cock, licks balls and rides a throbbing member so hard or make their lovers blow their loads quite like a sexy black girlfriend can! Black GFs is the place on the web where you can enjoy the hottest ebony babes with smoking hot bodies, big mocha tits and juicy brown bubble butts, ready to take off all their clothes, drop on their knees to suck their boyfriends hard cocks and get down on all fours to get their pussies pounded hard in front of the camera in hot user submitted amateur homemade videos!