I woke up early in the morning with a massive erection between my legs. My cock was throbbing so hard as I headed downstairs, where my sexy busty girlfriend was making breakfast, but when she noticed the prodigal morning wood I was nursing, she immediately realized she needed to take care of it first. She pulled her top down and dangled her big all natural tits in front of my face with a dirty smile on her slutty face and began touching herself while I watched and felt my dick getting even bigger and harder! My girlfriend has really huge tits and loves to tease me. She rubbed her wet muff over the pink lace fabric of her panties and guided my hands all over her soft skin. Her tits were big and hard, as big and hard as my cock was, and she dropped to her knees with her eyes closed so she could suck and stroke it, feeling the tightness of my balls as she licked them with her soft, wet tongue. She kept sucking and smiling with my dick in her mouth. Then my sexy naked girlfriend walked over to the couch, spread her legs and began to masturbate herself in front of me as I groped her tits and passed my hands all over her sexy face and slutty body. I spread her long legs and rammed my hard cock up her soaking wet cunt, pounding her hard on the couch in missionary position. Her big succulent boobs looked absolutely amazing! I grabbed her breasts with both hands, her nipples between my fingers and squeezed and teased them. I could feel her full breast and her hard nipples against my palms. She pinched her nipples for me. Her pussy was completely shaved and her big tits were jiggling all over her chest to the rhythm of my hard sliding balld deep in and out of her cunt. I focused my camera on her amazing breasts almost all the time. They are almost too good to be real, but they are in fact 100% real!!! We went to the bed and my busty girlfriend got down on her hands and knees, arching her back low and raising her juicy bubble butt high so I could take her from behind and give her a hardcore doggie style morning fuck. I love watching my cock slide in and out of her beautiful pussy. I started squeezing her tight butt with both hands.   My thighs slapped against her arse and I could see her tits swaying and slapping against each other as I pumped in to her with all my might. She grabbed on tight to the sheets and I plowed her tight pussy, making her tits sway back and forth as I thrust my dick deep inside her. Then my hot naked girlfriend was on top of me her groin grinding into mine and leaning in to me started kissing me hard and intensely. She was riding my dick while I suck on her lovely tits hanging down in front of my face. I gripped her boobs and pounded into her, shooting a thick load of cum deep into her pussy with each thrust. The feeling of my cum filling her sent her over the edge. She could feel the wonderful sensation of my hot throbbing cock. Jet after jet splashed against her cervix wall as her pussy milked my juice.