Don’t miss this hot interracial threesome with two hot girls! Black stud with a massive dick fucking a blonde and a brunette! These girls have their sights set on their next door neighbor’s big black cock and since they can’t decide who should get to enjoy his huge cock, they let him to compare their pussies and pick for them! The girls are dolled up in their sexiest lace lingerie, stockings and high heels, pulling their panties aside over the kitchen counter so he can closely inspect their coochies. You can see blonde’s butt hole winking in and out as she spreads her ass while lying on her back. He rubs their naked pussies and decides that both girls have gorgeous cunts and they both deserve to feel his big black cock filling them up and pumping them good! He puts naked girls on their hands and knees, side by side, and penetrates them from behind, starting with the sexy blonde. She can’t believe how big, thick and hard that black dick is! The brunette bites her lips and clutches the sheets while watching her friend’s pussy get pounded, she can’t wait for her turn to feel that massive ebony erection inside her! While he fucks the blonde’s twat, she uses her tongue to penetrate her gaping asshole! She massages her anus with her tongue for better orgasm, awesome. She’s got a stud on it, so you can imagine how that feels inside the blonde’s butthole! The brunette also sucks that prodigal chocolate cock and straddles herself atop her mocha lover, riding his huge cock. The blonde sits on his face so he can eat her out while she makes out with her black haired friend and tastes the black dick still lingering on her lips. He fucks the blonde in missionary to the point of making that dirty slut squirt like a fucking garden hose! That’s what a black dick will do to you, bitch! This black stud uses his big muscle cock to bring her to two big squirting orgasms, amazing! The brunette sucks his rod, tasting the fine blend of his precum and her squirt juices like a cocktail! Naked girls take turns in feeling every inch deep in their eager pink pussies. He literally fills up brunette’s pussy with his cum, letting it drip into blonde’s waiting mouth. You’ll love watching the cum slowly running all down her vagina and dripping right in the open mouth. If you are a big fan of a squirting orgasm, interracial sex, threesome, huge black cocks and cum swapping scenes you’re not going to find a better video than this. 