This sexy mature stepmom is watching her stepdaughter getting ready to head to her high school prom with her boyfriend and she decides to have a few words with him when he arrives. He seems pretty anxious and nervous as teen guys usually are in such occasions and she doesn’t want his nerves to ruin her stepdaughter’s prom night so she decides to help him relax. The hot MILF pulls his rock hard cock from under his slacks and gives him a blowjob, while her stepdaughter is all ready and wondering what’s taking her boyfriend so long… When she discovers him in between her stepmom’s long legs, eating out her snatch, she is not one bit amused, as you can imagine. Now everybody is stressed and uncomfortable, and what better way to get all that shit out of the way than with a hardcore threesome fuck? The girls make a deal, her dad would never need to know about threesome, instead, she gets the whole house for the weekend to celebrate graduation with her friends. Immediately after, the ladies are double-teaming him and sucking his throbbing cock together. The girlfriend looks so sexy sucking her boyfriend’s cock with her stepmom’s help and pretty soon she learns how to deepthroat his throbbing member and lube it up with her drool, just like her stepmom does with her dad’s dick! The raunchy mature mom gobbles up that thick sausage like a pro and soon she’s getting her muff eaten out by her sexy stepdaughter while she gets her pussy fucked hard doggie style by her boyfriend! Naked girl straddles herself atop her BF’s dick and rides it while her stepmom rubs her clit and makes her cum like a dirty bitch, she loves it! Then she sits on bf’s face and begins to ride it, fucking her mouth with her juicy twat. Naked girls change places so that the hot mom can enjoy bf’s hard dick. She is so hot! Naked girlfriend masturbates watching her boyfriend fucks her stepmom while lying next to them on the bed! He bangs these two HOT pussies in a wild threesome. No doubt, a threesome is the best start to the prom night. It doesn’t matter if they arrive late at their prom, she just wants her boyfriend to cum all over her face and her stepmom’s tits so she can lick his sperm off her delicious jugs! Super hot naked girls in a top class scene, thanks Moms Bang Teens! Mom and daughter look so fucking sexy in this threesome scene. One of the better scenes in awhile, great action with a storyline, I’ll hope you like it. Most unbelievable part of this film… the daughter was done getting ready an hour and a half before the event she had to go to, lol! DON’T MISS these two hot chicks in full-on action:   If you are dating a sexy teen slut with a hot mature stepmom, you may just be in luck, just like these guys over at Moms Bang Teens, because in this hot porn site, experienced MILF stepmoms enjoy seducing their stepdaughter’s boyfriends and having the hottest threesomes with teens! It’s raunchy watching a hot stepmother going down on her teen stepdaughter’s twat and sucking on her boyfriend’s hard cock, watching them fuck and teaching them how to do it the right way! Here, sexy mature stepmoms with big tits and juicy round bubble butts bounce up and down hard cocks!