Watch this hot blonde girlfriend in a homemade sextape with her man. This babe definitely is something special. What a marvelous, stunning beautiful woman! She has the most silky smooth ass, nice pair of titties, a slit begging to be licked and fucked hard and a truly gorgeous face in addition. She is certainly a sex goddess that knows how to move and show off her body on camera. It’s their one year anniversary and this breath taking blonde with thick black glasses is ready to make it an unforgettable evening for her boyfriend and herself! She wants to make a naughty little video for them! He spends some time enjoying her lingerie tease, admiring her lace panties when she teases him standing right over his face. She got the sexiest white lace lingerie and with her knee high socks she looks simply ravishing! He doesn’t mind to skip his work to fuck her little mouth and her hot pussy with his big dick ’til he cums between her thirsty lips. His sexy GF drops on her knees on the kitchen floor and drops his shorts, watching his throbbing erection spring to life as she takes it in her hands and swallows it whole! She deepthroats his dick like a pro and he slaps it against her sexy face. Hot girlfriend gets rid of her bra and plays with her nipples as she straddles herself atop his cock and feels it sinking inch by inch inside her until he’s totally in and she can begin riding it. As she does so he squeezes her tits and she grinds her sexy body against his lap. Her slow movements are simply amazing! Naked babe rubs her clit while bouncing up and down his dick. She cums beautifully, a couple of orgasms rock through her whole slender body. There’s nothing hotter than watching such a beautiful naked girl has an orgasm. Then she turns over, showing her boyfriend her sexy juicy bubble shaped ass before straddling herself on his dick again and riding it some more, this time in reverse cowgirl. While she does so, he sticks his thumb up her tight asshole and stimulates her anally, feeling how this makes her pussy muscles contract tightly around his throbbing shaft. He puts her in missionary position and spreads her legs, drilling her dripping wet cunt and watching that sexy look on her face when she gets so flushed and turned on. Then he puts her down on all fours and penetrates her from behind, banging her tight pussy and groping her tits before he pulls out and blows his thick creamy load all over that dirty little face of hers!   This is not your average porn site! I Know That Girl is filled with real teen ex-girlfriends getting naughty and naked in front of the cameras in homemade amateur videos that will knock your socks off and get your dick hard! Just beware, you might see a girl you know down on her knees sucking dick, stripping naked, playing with her pussy, having hot lesbian sex with her friends, enjoying hardcore anal sex or guzzling down gallons of hot cum in hot user submitted videos featuring real life girlfriends and ex-girlfriends from around the web! New videos and girls are added all the time, don’t miss out!