What could possibly be better than a hot threesome with two teen girls? Yes, three hot teens sharing one cock together! Get ready for a sultry hot foursome with these three teen sluts! This video starts out with two girls. They got so turned on by their hot date and his big throbbing cock that the girls almost forgot about their third roommate! When she walks in and finds them both naked and bouncing up and down their date’s long shaft, she’s a bit upset they didn’t think about including her in the mix! After all, it’s been so long since the last time she wrapped her lips around a big, thick dick! Without thinking, she strips naked too and jumps into the mix. As you know, one naked girl is good, two girls are great, but three young naked girls in a foursome – awesome! While her brunette roommate is riding the guy’s dick, she joins her blonde roommate, who’s eager to rub her muff and make out with her while they watch their friend fuck. Since the new girl is late, her friends let her catch up, grabbing the guy’s hard cock in her hands and taking it to her mouth, sucking it and licking his balls before she gets down on her hands and knees and feels that thick rod penetrating her dripping wet snatch and pumping her nice and steady. By the way, this teen slut has got the juiciest, loveliest bubble shaped ass ever! Her ass is amazing but he knows that all three teens need their snatch to be filled and fucked. Naked girls form a bee line, with the roomie getting fucked licking the second girl’s twat and the second girl eating out the third. The blonde replaces the new girl, getting her pussy pounded hard from behind and making the guy lie flat on his back so she can squat atop his dick and ride it in reverse cowgirl. Their panties are all around the room! This group of hot teens went insane on his cock. He has them all giving him head while they pleasure each other. This lucky stud takes turns fucking all three roommates and watching the girls have hot lesbian sex with each other until he’s ready to cum and blow his creamy load all over their sexy faces! I could watch these three naked girls sharing one cock together in a foursome all day long! Enjoy! It is an insane group sex session like no other to date on GF Revenge. You can’t miss the full length sextape here:   They say that when a couple breaks up, everybody loses, but that’s not the case here; because when it’s over, you are the winner at GF Revenge! Yeah, baby, this is where broken hearted ex-boyfriends come and submit the XXX amateur videos and homemade sex tapes they filmed when their ex-girlfriends were still with them, right before dumping them or cheating on them with their best friends. Now these videos are exposed online and so are these real life ex-girlfriends sucking dick, fucking hard and getting blasted with cum while you watch! Crazy hot girlfriends doing incredible things with their best friends on camera! These girls try threesome, foursome and more-some sex!