Check this sexy black girlfriend out as she tries on the sexy pink thing her boyfriend got her for her birthday! But that’s not the only gift, he also got her a huge pink vibrator and she just can’t wait to give it a try! It’s big and thick, just the way she likes it, and she so turned on by the fact that her boyfriend is open minded and doesn’t feel threatened by having a big sex toy satisfy his girl! She is feeling frisky and flashing her big luscious tits and her juicy ass for the camera. Her nipples are dark like chocolate and her booty looks delicious. Without wasting time her boyfriend starts fingering her pussy, and that makes her insanely horny. She removes the thing and bends over while he caresses her juicy brown bubble butt and slides his fingers up and down her wet slit. All she wants now is to try the new sex toy with his hard cock together. His hot black girlfriend heads to the bedroom and gets on the bed, spreading her legs wide open and getting her pussy wet with her saliva before she begins to masturbate in front of her man with her brand new pink dildo! His dick is hard as a rock after watching her and she gets down on her hands and knees so she can stuff her mouth with it, sucking his rod and licking his balls while jerking him off. This black girlfriend gives amazing head sucking her bf’s black cock like a champ! Her plump juicy lips look amazing wrapped around his dick. He lies flat on his back and she straddles herself atop his cock, squatting into it and riding his dick while he fingers her clit, he knows how much she likes this shit! She turns over and gets back on all fours, offering him her sexy ebony bubble butt so he can ram his hard sausage up her wet cunt and fuck her very hard! That ass looks really good. He pounds that pussy hard and deep form behind, as her big tits and that perfect ass bounce all over. After some hot doggie style fucking she gets in missionary position, spreading her legs and cupping her big mocha titties in her hands while he pounds her brown mound. Watch him blowing his creamy load all over her sexy face and her big black tits! What could be better than to bust a big nut right into her pretty mouth and on that gorgeous tits?   Black GFs brings you the hottest black girlfriends filmed by their boyfriends in amateur homemade videos that will make you bust a nut! The most beautiful ebony real life girlfriends get their fill of hard cock and hot cum! Watch these black cuties down on their knees, sucking dick, getting fucked hard, taking it up the ass, having hot lesbian sex, masturbating with sex toys and getting their mouths and bodies covered in jizz! With tons of amateur user submitted videos, the sexiest real life ebony girlfriends and regular updates, you can’t afford to miss out on all the black girlfriend fun!