This very lucky guy met four beautiful naked girls during his visit to this nude beach! It’s what we’ve all been waiting for! Forget about threesome and foursome, a hot fivesome is here! What could possibly be better than a hot naked girl tanning at the beach? I’ll tell you – four hot teen nudists all playing in the waves and the sand! That’s what we got into this amazing sextape. You know when you receive a warm welcome you say you’re greeted with arms wide open? Well, these sexy nude girls greeted him with legs wide open! Yeah, that’s right, spreading their long legs and showing him their sexy shaved snatches glistening under the hot summer sun! The babes were soaking up the sun and more than glad to have him around with his video camera so he could take some great shots of them as they tanned. He was in heaven as he filmed their hot bodies, titties, pussies and plump butts as the girls frolicking around in the nude. He thought he was having a good day already, but when the girls told him they were heading back to their motel room and invited him over, it turned into a mega-fucking-awesome day! All the nude fun got them excited. Four teen nudists were planning on having a wild lesbian foursome on their king sized bed and wanted him to film them, and maybe, you know, join them. The girls told him to take off his clothes too and film their girl-girl-girl-girl fun. When you have four sexy naked girls kissing, touching, licking and masturbating each other, you can always use a good, hard cock too! Naked girls had some sweet lesbian fun together, then told him to lie back on the bed so they could take turns sucking his rock hard cock and licking his big balls. The lucky bastard had four teen sluts all giving him head while they pleasured each other. One by one, the girls straddled themselves on top of his throbbing erection and rode it and he had loads of fun fucking them in every single position he could come up with! While he fucked a girl, the rest watched, made out with each other and masturbated! The girls orgasmed hard one by one, and pretty soon he was ready to cum and blow his creamy load all over them! He pulled out and busted a huge load all over their beautiful faces and bodies. It was amazing watch four teens having sex together. I hope this lucky guy knows how thankful we are that he shares that amazing sextape with us. It is an insane teen sex orgy like no other to date on GF Revenge. You won’t want to miss one moment of this fivesome here:   GF Revenge takes you behind the relationship scene, to the wildest and raunchiest girlfriend on boyfriend fuck fests that get caught on video and exposed right here! These naughty girlfriends and ex-girlfriends are stripping naked, sucking dick and getting fucked hard in front of the camera, they never imagined that their exes would get their revenge on them after getting dumped or cheated on by sharing their homemade private moments with everybody else on this site! Watch these hot teens having kinky lesbian sex, masturbating, taking incredible cumshots, enjoying hard anal sex and so much more! Tons of videos and hot real girls added all the time!