This breath taking brunette wakes up and stretches her gym toned body in her lingerie, but what she doesn’t know is that her BF came home with a friend last night and he stayed overnight in their house. Not only is he awake, he’s checking her out and can’t believe how fucking hot his best friend’s girlfriend is when she wakes up in the morning and does her daily workout routine! Since she believes they are all alone, she removes the bra and panties and can’t help massaging her big round tits and caressing her soft naked skin as she jumps into the shower and lathers up. The soap on her tits and body feels so hot as she rinses herself and steps out. She is a beauty, great juicy pussy, round tits, great ass, super curvy body, total package! She has the complete package with the gorgeous face and body! Now she’s trying on her gym outfit and checking herself out in the mirror, still playing with her amazing tits, there’s no doubt she woke up extra horny and here is when she discovers the presence of her boyfriend’s best pal! She’s upset at first with this intrusion, but she’s also very horny, her boyfriend is nowhere around and she knows his best friend has a huge dick (her boyfriend told her so countless times) so she pushes him unto the bed and jumps on top of him, burying his face between her big tits! Her big beautiful boobs look absolutely amazing! Don’t you want to bury your face between those juggs and then slip your cock between them? The lucky guy greedily eats her tits and fucks her twat with his hand. Hot babe presses her huge tits together as he fucks them with his hard cock and then she straddles herself atop his dick and impales her wet pussy with it, letting him pound her muff in reverse cowgirl. She has the best body! It’s not surprising when she cums like crazy on his huge cock. While her twat is still throbbing with ecstasy he begins fucking her in a pile driver position. Her large breasts look even better dangling upside down. This dude really knows what hardcore sex is! He bangs her doggie style, taking some selfies of themselves so he can show his friends, because there’s no way they’re gonna believe he just fucked his best friend’s girlfriend! His huge cock is sliding back and forth her juicy slit without stopping. I particularly enjoy the erotic standing sex that this hot babe has with her new lover. When it’s time to change things up, he lifts her for some standing 69! Then in missionary position he goes deep inside to glut this hot babe with his cum. Big boobs and bubble butt, she is a dream of all guys, don’t miss more scenes with this crazy babe here:   The very best porn on the web has a name, and that name is Brazzers, the world’s best HD porn site! Cum inside and check out the most exclusive downloadable and streamable adult HD videos on the web! These guyss feature daily updates with the sexiest babes across the hottest sites on the net. With over 1400 pornstars starring in 5000 plus movies, you’ll have access to all the big tits, hot asses and anal you could ever dream! Enjoy all your favorite hottest pornstars doing it all across Brazzers’ multi niched porn platform!