This guy’s wife should have known better than to hire such a sexy maid to keep their fancy home clean while she’s away at work and her man works from home! Of course he’s not getting any work done; he’s too busy ogling over the sexy brunette maid’s long legs as she hikes up her skirt and flashes her white cotton panties at him. He has a wife but that doesn’t stop him from the temptation of that hot Latina pussy. He lets her know his dick is pretty dirty, so she drops on her knees, ready to clean it up with a spit shine! Yeah, baby, she gobbles up his rock hard cock, and his wife hasn’t even left the house yet! While she talks to him from across the room, the maid keeps blowing his dick and lickign his balls, concealed by a small wall. So fucking hot! “I don’t see her, she’s cleaning somewhere …” As soon as his wife turns her back this hot spicy babe wraps her pretty pink lips around her husband’s big cock, and sucks it like a real slut. Eventually the wife leaves and they are left all alone, so the sexy maid strips naked in front of him, showing him her perfect ass! This sexy babe has an incredible body! She stands directly over your face and slowly pulls her thong panties out of her crack, exposing all her prettiest places. These bum curves and bulging pussy lips can drive any man crazy. Fully naked she straddles herself atop his throbbing cock so he can fuck her dripping wet cunt very hard and fast! His wife, and her employer, could come back any moment and catch them fucking on the couch in the living room, which makes this even more exciting and kinky! Naked babe rubs her muff and bites her lips as she rides his wicked hard meat pole before lying on her back over the expensive white leather couch and spreading her legs so he can keep fucking her in missionary position. She grinds her body and rubs her clit while he is drilling her snatch. I love the way she presses her legs together in the air, making a nice pussy lip mound bulging between her legs and squeezing his dick. Then she gets down on her hands and knees so he can fuck her from behind doggie style. Actually she fucks his dick with her ass, pulling back against his cock! Check out the full video and watch her in all posible sex positions before he blows his load all over her sensational naked body! Dude pulls out just in time to cum all over the sexy maid before his wife comes back.   If you have a thing for sexy real amateur girls then you need to join MOFOS and check out all the smoking hot amateur models who want to make a name in porn and are getting their first break right here! Sit back and watch these girls strip naked, masturbate, suck dick, fuck, take it up the ass, have hot lesbian sex and get incredible facial cumshots in front of the cameras! These are no pornstars; these are real life amateur girls! Tons of videos, amateurs, updates and 30+ bonus sites can’t be wrong!