Check out that happy look on this guy’s face as he dives between his beautiful girlfriend’s legs and eats her out! It just so happens that it’s his birthday, that’s one of the reasons he’s so happy. The second is the fact that he’s got this super sexy girlfriend to eat out and the third is that today she is making one of his hottest fantasies cum true, letting him broadcast her online via his webcam while they fuck so all his friends can watch! They have always been jealous of him for having such a hottie as a girlfriend and now they will be even more, but hey, at least they get to see her naked and can bust a nut to her, and so can we! After eating her out he places his thick cock between her big juicy tits and she presses them together so he can fuck them. Then his hot naked girlfriend straddles herself atop him, grabs his hard cock and guides it deep inside her dripping wet twat. Birthday fucks are always the hottest! She rides his throbbing erection and her delicious tits bounce up and down, it’s tantalizing I tell you! Next she gets down on all fours while facing the camera and he gets behind her, penetrating and fucking her doggie style. They get back to her being on top, this time with her back facing the camera and showing off her marvelous bubble shaped ass, riding his hard cock while he slaps her ass cheeks with gusto. His teen girlfriend wants some more doggie style fucking, she loves getting banged from behind and having the camera capture her sexy facial expressions! Watch him cum hard all over her open mouth and face! Homemade films are always enjoyable, but they are infinitely hotter when amateur girls have sensual chemistry. Don’t miss more sexy girls getting fucked on camera in amateur sextapes here:   Watch My GF is the official site for boyfriends that enjoy other guys watching and masturbating to homemade footage of their hot, sexy girlfriends! They have so many amateur videos and homemade sex movies featuring their smoking hot girlfriends and they are submitting them here so we can watch these dirty sluts get naked, suck dick, have lesbian sex, take it up the ass and get their bodies covered in hot cum! These loving girlfriends never imagined they would become amateur porn stars after their boyfriends expose them right here at Watch My GF! Get your real life girlfriend porn fix now!