Dressed as naughty schoolgirls in a short miniskirts with no panties, these two teens look stunning. Cali Sparks and her best friend are walking back home after classes on a sunny day and they just can’t stop talking about this movie they saw last night on cable TV, featuring a sizzling hot lesbian sex session that left them both wondering what it might feel like being with another girl. The conversation gets the girls both terribly aroused, and by the time they get back to Cali’s place, her pussy is dripping wet and so is her friend’s! Her parents are not home, so the girls have plenty of alone time and Cali’s friend takes this opportunity to explore each other just like the girls in the movie! She pulls Cali’s blazer down and hikes her plaid mini skirt, exposing her twat as she sinks her wet tongue between her tender pink pussy lips and tastes her flowing juices! Wow, love that girl throwing the other into the wall. These two girls are really hot. Cali gets turned over and slightly bent and feels her friend’s tongue wondering inside her tight, puckered asshole! She kisses and bites on her ass cheeks and Cali never imagined her pal could be such a sex freak! She grabs her soft hair and pulls her face against her ass so she can feel that wet tongue wriggling inside her asshole before she gets turned over again and has her pussy licked like a scoop of vanilla ice cream. There is nothing sexier than two naked schoolgirls having girl-girl sex. Cali gets her arms pinned to the sides of her body against the wall and experiments her first orgasms at the hands, fingers and tongue of her best friend! It’s time to return the favor and her friend gets down on all fours so Cali can explore her tight pussy and delicious asshole, and since it will be hours until Cali’s parents come back, the girls have ample time to cum over and over all over the home! Naked girls try all possible lesbian sex positions, ass rimming, the 69 position, scissoring. The tribfest, so fuckin hot! The sounds of two slippery wet pussies rubbing against each other is absolutely amazing. 