I had some new neighbors move in a couple of weeks ago and couldn’t help noticing they have a smoking hot teen daughter whom I recently learned turned 18 a few months ago, hell yeah! Our yards are separated by a small fence and I usually see her working out on her yard, sunbathing or hanging the clothes while I do some handiwork on mine. I check out her hot body, since she’s usually wearing the skimpiest outfits, probably on purpose, and she checks out my rod, since watching her body usually gives me a huge boner that shows through my shorts! That girl was something special.. Super Sexy! She’s always asking when I’m going to invite her over, and after learning she’s over 18, I decided to extend an invitation! It didn’t take me long to have that horny little teen slut stripped naked and fingering her cunt in front of me while I jerked my rod for her. She confessed she was into big dicks and mine fit the bill, it was actually the biggest cock she had ever seen and it was about to become the biggest cock to ever fuck her! I rubbed and fingered her wet teen pussy while kissing her sexy neck and she dropped on her knees, stroking and sucking my rock hard cock and even licking my big balls with such gusto! Really beautiful face, beautiful eyes, I loved when she looked at me during blowjob… My dick is pretty big, but the little teen slut was still able to deepthroat it and I made her straddle herself on top of me, squatting as I inserted my throbbing erection deep inside her tight snatch and began banging her. She bounced up and down my rod as we fucked next to my fireplace and I cradled her thighs in my hands, elevating her body over my cock as I pounded her hard. She flipped over, facing me as she rode my cock, telling me she could already feel how my thick rod had stretched out her pussy. I grabbed her ass cheeks and spread them while drilling her pussy as deep as my dick allowed as she pressed her tits against my chest, begging me to let her visit me every single day so I could keep fucking her wet fuck holes! I put her down on her hands and knees by the edge of the couch and pounded her while admiring her juicy bubble butt, hot damn! The little teen slut was incredible. I ejaculated without loosing erection 3 times and continued fucking her for hours. 