This dude used to date this smoking hot chick, she was super sexy, very sexual and extremely open minded. Pretty much every time they fucked, they filmed it and they enjoyed watching their homemade sex tapes over and over while mutually masturbating and fucking, and filming that too! He never shared any of their footage with anybody else, until he discovered her cheating with one of his best friends, while watching their amateur sex tapes and filming themselves, the bastards! Now he decided to get even, by sharing one of their hottest sex tapes online! Here she is in the bathroom in her sexy panties and bra when he comes in with his camera and begins filming her. She tells him to get back to the bedroom and wait for her, and seconds later she reappears wearing this sexy lingerie outfit that leaves little or nothing to imagination! Man, does she look sexy on it! She oozes sexuality, she looks great in her lingerie, but more importantly she looks phenomenal out of it and wearing absolutely nothing else! He lies back on bed and his sexy girlfriend gets between his legs, licking his balls and going up the length of his cock, giving him a slow blowjob until he’s real hard. Then lies flat on his back and she straddles herself over his lap, letting his big dick sink slowly inside her wet pussy and riding her now ex-boyfriend. The sexy babe squats over his cock and moves up and down while massaging her tits for him and leaning back, palms planted over the sheets as she rides him. She flips over so she can keep humping her ex-guy while giving her back to him so he can enjoy the view of her lovely bubble shaped ass. Her tits and ass bounce up and down as she rides, her hands by her hips before taking a break so she can kiss his thighs and run her hands softly up and down his body, smiling and biting her lip as she watches his cock jerk and twitch, reacting to her sensual touching. She moves her thong aside and hops back on that throbbing erection, riding it again with baited breath. She can feel his balls getting tighter and tighter as he gets ready to cum, she wants him to blow his load all over her face and body and now that is over we all get to watch this awesome amateur video from when they were still an item! Chances are she probably just forgot this homemade sex tape even existed or simply assumed he deleted it. Revenge is a dish best served cold. GF LEAKS is the best place for him to exact his revenge. Don’t miss more amateur revenge sex tapes with super hot EX girlfriends:   GF Leaks is where real teens get exposed! Much more than just a porn site, GF Leaks is a network featuring the hottest GF sites on the net! For the price of a single membership, you can now enjoy the very best in user submitted real life amateur girlfriend porn from GF Revenge, Dare Dorm, Crazy College Gfs, Black Gfs, Asian GFs and Horny Birds! The hottest, sexiest and dirtiest girlfriends and ex-girlfriends from multiple niches get in front of the cameras, take off all their clothes and fuck! See the hottest girlfriends sucking dick, getting fucked, covered in hot cum and more!