Our next hardcore sex scene will give you the chance to sit back and enjoy watching a hot teen girl as she rides cock and gets fucked by the pool. These guys just got one of them incredible cool new action cameras, you know, the type that you can beat the shit out of, dunk underwater and stuff and will still delivery crispy high definition footage, great for extreme sports and adventuring into nature. So, these guys wanna try out its awesome underwater filming features, and what better way than inviting their sexy next door neighbor over to their pool? Not only does the action camera pass the test with flying colors, so does her sensational bubble shaped ass! Yeah, she dips into the water in her sweater and mint colored lace thong and soon the fabric is sticking to her sexy body and her panties show the tender side of her pussy as the g-string digs into her slit and the fine crack of her ass! Shooting gets hot when the half naked girl sits by the side of the pool and spreads her legs, so one of the guys can lick and suck on her dripping wet twat while his buddy films them! Now that’s the type of action you really want to capture with an expensive camera such as this one! The guy leans back so the teen hottie can suck on his throbbing rod before placing her down on her hand and knees, pulling her mint thong to the side and ramming his hard cock up her wet cunt, pounding her hard from behind doggie style while grabbing her dripping wet hair and pulling her head back as he bangs her. She still has her wet t-shirt on, slipping over her shoulders and making her look so fucking sexy and hot while she gets her tight pussy pounded hard by the pool and captured on camera with incredible detail. The guy lies back and she sits on his cock, her back facing him as she rides his dick and holds the action camera in her hands so she can film herself. She leans over the pool’s edge and invites the dude’s hard cock back inside her wet cunt, she enjoys getting fucked hard from behind and being filmed while doing it makes her feel even sluttier and dirtier! She is so HOT that she has to take a break, she jumps in the pool to cool off before the next dick ride. I really love that underwater footage of this hot naked girl in the pool. There are some really nice underwater views of her ass crack and her pussy. As soon as she is out from the water, the dude lies back and she begins to suck his dick some more. She works her head before straddling herself atop and riding him, now totally naked and under the shade so she doesn’t get her soft naked skin sun burnt!   MOFOS is the site where you can get your freak on watching the sexiest amateur babes on film! Hot real life amateur models get down and dirty with their lovers in front of the camera, for the very first time ever! Watch naughty amateur vixens exposed taking off their clothes, having hot lesbian sex, masturbating with sex toys, sucking dick, getting fucked hard up the ass and having loads of fresh cum splattered all over their sexy faces, naked bodies, big tits and juicy bubble butts! With tons of sites, girls and hardcore videos to check out, you’ll never run out of porn!