This spunky redhead babe loves hanging out with her friends down the hall, but when they are playing video games, it can get a bit boring for her. The problem is there are only two controls, and when her friends play against each other, she finds herself with a lot of free time… hands free! That’s okay, since she decides to use one of her friend’s cocks as a joystick! While he’s focused on the game, she’s focused on stroking his hard rod, biting her lip with utter satisfaction as she sees him struggling to keep his focus! The other guy is so concentrated in the game; he doesn’t even realize what’s going on right next to him! The teen slut leans over her friend and deepthroats his throbbing erection, all the way down to the base of his cock! She moves to the kitchen area behind them so she can pour some drinks and he lets his buddy play solo for a while and joins her in the back. She drops on her knees and keeps sucking his cock behind the kitchen counter while their friend plays, thinking he’s the one having the most fun in the apartment right now, lol! Meanwhile, his pal is fucking the slut’s mouth and throat and jerking his rod while she licks his balls. This is waht I call the best mouth fucking ever! He fucks her in the mouth forcefully thrusting his big dick in and out of her throat. Then the dude bends her over the kitchen counter, pulling her pants and panties down and penetrating her dripping wet muff from behind. She gets back on her knees so she can suck his cock some more and taste her pussy on it and he grabs her by her elbows, pins her arms and fucks her hard from behind in standing position. He lies on the kitchen floor and the redhead teen slut straddles herself atop his hard dick and rides it while he gropes and smacks her juicy bubble butt and their friend keeps playing video games, the loud sounds of the game muffling their sex noises! She flips over while on top of his rod and rides him in reverse cowgirl, then he places her sideways on the kitchen floor and drills her wet cunt some more! She rubs her pussy and her clit with her hand so she can cum hard before he pulls out of her snatch and blows his load all over her face and tits! This sexy teen loves sloppy head and intense fucking in every position you can imagine! Don’t miss more hot teen sluts doing incredible thing with huge cocks:   Brazzers brings you the very best in high definition porn, featuring the hottest and sexiest babes, teens and porn stars on the web! These hot girls know that you like and they are ready to oblige in each and every scorching HD scene! Step inside and watch these sluts as they strip naked and fuck in front of the cameras right now! The hottest girls suck hard cocks and spread open so their lovers can drill their pussies and give them hard anal sex! They will masturbate, fuck with dildos and engage in hot lesbian sex, threesomes and orgies for your pleasure! Don’t miss out, man!