This guy’s enjoying a vacation with his long time girlfriend, a sexy blonde girl, and she looks so beautiful sunbathing by the pool in the yard that he decides to capture her on video. Hot blonde is wearing a two-piece bikini print swimsuit with matching pumps and she decides to show her guy and his camera a little bit more skin, removing her bra and exposing her perky, delicious breasts. His sexy girlfriend removes her bikini bottom as well, she is feeling playful and curious about having sex with her boyfriend in this exotic location while he films them! Maybe they can watch the video together later and masturbate or even upload it online so their friends and strangers can watch them fucking, that’s so hot and kinky! Visibly turned on by her dirty thoughts and fantasies, she turns and bends over, looking towards the cameras as she rubs several digits up and down her dripping wet slit. He reaches out so he can rub her pussy too, sticking a couple of fingers inside her hot, wet clam. He sits down and spreads his legs so she can get between them, grabbing his throbbing cock in her soft hands and giving her man a delicious blowjob. She licks his rod and massages it between her tender breasts, feeling it get harder and bigger between them. He slaps his big dick against her beautiful tits and leaves them glistening with his precum. After sucking his cock and licking his balls, the naughty blonde girlfriend turns over, her ass and back facing him, and she squats over his cock, sinking her twat into it and riding her man. Naked girl flips over so she can face him and he slaps her ass while she bops up and down the length of his erection. He rubs her clit with his hands as she goes up and down, her pussy feels so tight, so wet and so hot while he is fucking her! She moves away and lies flat on her back on one of the folding chairs, spreading her legs so her boyfriend can penetrate and fuck her in missionary position. After a while she gets down on her hands and knees so he can fuck her doggie style from behind and finally cum all over her tits while she jerks him off and rubs his cum all over her body! After a extensive fuck session, his covered in cum naked girlfriend jumps in the pool. They can’t wait to upload their sex video online!   Only Watch My GF can give you total access to the hottest real life amateur girlfriends and ex-girlfriends in all original amateur user submitted videos featuring the very best homemade sex action that can possibly be captured on camera! Big tits, juicy asses, tight pussies, anal sex, blowjobs, cumshots, intense fucking, lesbian sex, masturbation, sex toys and more! These naked girlfriends are willing to do it all for their boyfriends, and they want to capture it on film so they can share it with you! You don’t want to miss out on this hot homemade amateur girlfriend porn overload, my friend!