I love when a pair of hot girls does it for the first time. If you’re in the same boat, then you’re going to really enjoy our next girl on girl scene. This sexy redhead and her inseparable friend have been besties since kindergarten! That’s a long time, man! They’ve done so many things together, but, believe it or not, there is something the girls have not done yet! Last night they decided to make their movie night a little different and they watched “Blue is the Warmest Color” and found themselves captivated by the sensual, highly erotically charged lesbian sex scenes! The girls both felt curious and very aroused and since they are best friends, why not give this a chance and see if they like it? The next morning, the girls pretty up, put on their sexiest lingerie and start mutually exploring each other for the very first time! The redhead takes the lead, groping her friend’s breasts over her bra and reaching under her hot pink panties so she can rub her muff, it’s already soaking wet! She sucks on her perky nipples and kisses her neck. By the way her best friend reacts, she is definitely enjoying it and she loves that, because she’s enjoying it too! Two naked girls jump into bed and she cradles her friend’s ass in her hands, holding it up like a platter as she sinks her pink tongue deep between her tender pussy lips, tasting her cunt and eating her out. Her friend gropes her own tits and clutches the nearby sheets and pillows and after sucking on the redhead’s fingers, she flips her over and scissors her, just like in the movie! Their pussies rub together and the only thing missing are flying sparks! The redhead gets put down on all fours and her ass gets spread by her best friend, who proceeds to rim her delicious asshole and make her cum many, many times! Gorgeous girls. Very sexy. Love the tribbing, kissing, fingering and fantasitc salad tossing. These best friends are two beautiful young ladies who deliver an excellent performance. Their bodies are smoking hot. I hope to see them again. 