This sexy short haired blonde teen and her curly haired brunette friend don’t usually skip classes unless they have a big reason, and what biggest reason than having the chance to share this guy’s huge dick? These naughty schoolgirls met him at the mall and exchanged phone numbers with him and they have been sexting ever since. After he sent him some selfies of his massive cock, the girls have been dying to meet him up close and very, very personal! The Dirty teen girls drop to their knees and suck his hard member together, slobbering all over his cock until their wet, pre-cum soaked lips meet. These girls are young but knows how to suck a big cock and they can certainly cope with getting a big dick in their little pussies too. He slaps their dirty faces with his long cock before straddling the skinny blonde teen slut on top of his lap and impaling her tight pussy on his monolithic cock, pounding her hard while the brunette plays with her tiny breasts and sucks on her nipples. He drives her body up and down the length of his mast and the tiny naked girl squats on it while feeling her friend’s soft hands all over her body. The brunette moves down so she can lick the guy’s tight balls while he’s fucking her buddy and then she takes her place, straddling herself atop that big member so she can also ride it, pressing her tits against his face while her juicy bubble butt bounces up and down his lap. While she’s riding his dick, the naughty blonde slut sits on his face and rides it, feeling his wet tongue wriggling inside her twat. He cradles the brunette in his strong arms and stands, still banging her while the blonde gets on her knees so she can lick his balls. The blonde gets laid on her back on the couch and fucked missionary style, rubbing her muff while snacking on the brunette’s tits and nipples. The brunette plays with her, masturbating her and licking her nipples and watching their mutual lover fuck her so hard. Skipping classes for this hardcore threesome fuck was definitely worth it! Watch the school whore put down on all fours and fucked from behind doggie style while she fingers and licks her blonde friend’s dripping wet pussy until he’s ready to blow his load all over their dirty faces and hot naked bodies! Teen sluts! On a more serious note how much do I have to pay to be the guy in that threesome scene with two crazy teens? I would give these teen sluts each their own ejaculation from my big cock, spilling many sperm in their hot vaginals for much pleasure.   Just turned 18 and petite, these naughty teen sluts are on the prowl for big, thick members to stuff their tight fuck holes and pound them hard! Exxxtra Small delivers the very best hardcore porn action in high quality video, featuring small teens getting banged hard by huge cocks! Their petite nubile bodies look so small in comparison to the massive cocks penetrating their tight pussies, mouths and assholes, spreading and stretching them out as they fill them up with gallons of hot cum! If tight teens getting filled with big dick is your deal, Exxtra Small is your site!