This guy wants to film a homemade sex video with his sexy black dancer girlfriend, but she’s worried about it getting to the wrong hands, or eyes, though hands would definitely be involved if anybody got to see her naked and fucking, lol! He promises her not to show it to anybody and she finally agrees! He films her posing in the patio of their place, she’s wearing hot pants that stick to her sexy black booty and a sweatshirt with the midriff cut off so she just has to pull it up a bit to show off her big brown tits! His hot girlfriend wiggles her ass for him and drops to her knees, ready to suck and stroke his throbbing cock while he gets it all on camera. Yeah baby, this sexy black amateur dancer is just about to become a hot black amateur porn star! She slurps his boner and deepthroats it, running her soft pink tongue all the way up from the base to the tip, looking around to make sure none of their nosey neighbors are spying on them. They go inside and to the bedroom, and she sits on the edge of the bed, pulling down on her thong, showing off her juicy caramel bubble butt with a couple of piercings on her lower back, so damn sexy! He slides the G-string of the thong to the side, puts her down on all fours and penetrates her dripping wet pink cunt from behind, pounding her juicy black bubble butt while filming her. He knows he made a promise, and he knows he’ll break it, because he can’t resist showing off with this hot amateur video of his sexy black girlfriend, bragging about it with his horny friends! If the video goes viral and she asks how the fuck it got leaked online, he’ll blame hackers, spyware and all that shit, you know it! After fucking her from behind, he does so sideways, first from one side and then from the other! The sexy naked girl lies on her back and strokes his hard member some more, she loves sucking on it and lubing it up with her saliva so he can keep on fucking her tender pink twat until he’s ready to cum and give his girlfriend her first amateur facial cumshot in front of the cameras! She gets her pussy drilled hard and that cream all over her pretty face at the end.   Are you looking for an amateur sextape with a hot black teen? We know how much you love watching black amateur girlfriends showing off their hot ebony asses while getting freaky on homemade sex videos and that’s why Black GFs is the site for you! Come bust a nut to black booty, ebony porn and the sexiest black teens you can find on the web! Users submit the top ebony porn available online, featuring their hot and sexy black girlfriends and ebony ex girlfriends alike! Sit back and watch ebony teen sluts with big mocha tits and juicy brown bubble butts getting fucked hard and covered in loads of hot and creamy spunk!