What could be better than the two naked girls in the bath? It’s always hot as hell to watch two hot girls eat, lick and fuck their wet pussies driving each other to an intensive orgasm! After attending a sex seminar, this sexy blonde realizes that despite being all grown up and having had several relationships, she has never really experienced a female orgasm! She returns to her home very thoughtful and preoccupied and her concerned roommate realizes something is burdening her. The blonde confesses her inexperience regarding female orgasms, and her hot brunette roommate lets her know it’s okay, she herself was in the same place as she is now some years ago, but she was lucky enough to have a good roommate to teach her everything there is to know about the female climax, and now she wants to pay it forward with her roommate! Soon the blonde is naked and spread legged as the brunette inserts two lubed up fingers in and out of her dripping wet twat. That wet slippery pussy looks absolutely amazing! She does it slow and gently, her pinky slightly brushing against her asshole, giving her time to get used to the sensations. “A good orgasm can’t be rushed” she tells her, but the blonde can’t wait to cum, and she wants to cum hard! The brunette inserts a third finger inside her and she can feel her body and pussy spasm as she gasps and a fourth finger makes its way inside her! The brunette continues penetrating her pussy slow, giving her pelvis a final thrust when she reaches as deep as her fingers can go, then she increases speed and intensity as she finger fucks the blonde with two digits and rubs her muff until the blonde finally reaches her first orgasm! Now it’s time for her to return the favor and also discover the fact that women are multi orgasmic! How many times will her lover make her cum? There are countless orgasms in this lesbian video. These naked girls try all posible sex positions, scissoring, face sitting, tongue fucking, driving their tongues and fingers into each others throbbing pussies. Enjoy watching these two beautiful girls and don’t forget to download more amazing scenes with hot lesbians by the link above! 