Get ready for a hot foursome with three young teens! What’s hotter than chicks that are gamers? Three naked girls with three wet pussies playing video game and getting fucked at the same time! Usually it’s the girls complaining about their boyfriends playing video games with their friends all day long, but in this case, the tables are turned! These sexy brunette and her blonde and brown haired friends are always getting together to play some of their favorite video games and their game parties usually last hours and hours! When her boyfriend comes around, complaining that he misses having some quality time with his girl, she pulls down his pants, whips out his meaty sausage and starts sucking and stroking it right there, next to her friends while they continue playing! What the fuck, it’s still kinda hot and better than having to masturbate alone in the bathroom! The look on her friends’ faces when the girls finally turn away from the screen and realize what’s happening next to them is priceless! The girls keep playing of course, but why not have a kinky sex and video games session while they are at it? A group fuck fest is going! Soon the brown haired babe is spread legged and getting her pussy fingered and rubbed by the brunette’s boyfriend while she plays with her friends gorgeous breasts and she does her best to stay focused on the game, it’s one hell of a handicap! They realize that his hard dick is much more fun than the video games, so these hot teens decide to devote their full attention to it and give him an amazing triple blowjob, sucking his cock and licking his balls in a triple play! The brown haired babe gets permission from the brunette to ride on her boyfriend’s hard cock, it’s actually kinda hot watching him fucking her best friends and video game pals! He sure hopes they do this more often after today! The brunette sucks the girls’ nipples and moves to the back with the brown haired babe so they can have some hot lesbian action together while the blonde straddles herself atop the guy’s throbbing member and impales her tight cunt on it, riding him hard and fast. The brown haired girl gets down on her hands and knees, rubbing the blonde’s muff while she gets fucked hard from behind doggie style and the brunette has lesbian fun with them both.  All of the girls are looking hot and sexy. He has the time of his life taking turns fucking all three naked girls and finally cumming all over their bodies!   Girlfriends are the sweetest thing, until they dump your sorry ass or you catch them cheating on you with your best friends! When that happens, you have to get even, and submit all those hot homemade sex videos and amateur porn footage you got from when you were still together and join the thousands right here at GF Revenge, the hottest user submitted ex girlfriend porn site on the web! Only here can you watch the sexiest amateur real ex girlfriends stripping naked, sucking cock, licking balls, getting fucked very hard and covered in loads of hot and creamy spunk! Sexy babes and hot teens in the best sex orgies you’ve ever seen!