Make sure you don’t miss this clip if you are a fan of cheerleader porn. This sexy blonde girlfriend and her cheerleader outfit is our submission this week. Yeah, these school girls in their cheerleader uniforms are super hot! This dude’s hot girlfriend is a cheerleader and today he caught her getting ready for the game. She looks so sexy in her cheerleader skirt and socks, and that huge blue bow on her hair makes her look cute and slutty at the same time, especially since she’s topless! He feels up her tender breasts and since they still have some time before the game begins, they decide to have some naughty fun! It’s always exciting for these two to fuck before a game, fucking against the clock is a big turn on! Half naked girl spreads her legs and shows him her pink, wet twat under her ruffled mini skirt. These thick meaty pussy lips look gorgeous! These are surely amongst the thickest pussy lips I have ever seen before. Her boyfriend parts her long legs wide open and penetrates her, fucking her in missionary position on the couch while holding her legs apart with his hands. Her small breasts bounce about while he bangs her; there is just something about getting fucked in her cheerleader outfit that excites her. There is little doubt he feels the same, his cock is as hard as a rock and throbbing inside her wet tight muff! She makes him lie flat on his back so she can straddle herself atop his yummy erection and lets it sink inside her, riding her guy on the couch. By now she is totally naked except for the blue bow on her hair and her boyfriend plays with her meaty cunt while she gets down on her hands and knees, ready for some hot, hardcore doggie style fucking. Her face turns red as he bangs her from behind, groping her juicy bubble shaped ass while she grabs on tight to the couch’s pillows. They take a short break so she can re-lube his hard cock with her saliva, sucking it and stroking it in her hands and then getting back in missionary position so her boyfriend can continue plowing her tight clam. The more they fuck and the later it gets the more she gets the sensation that his dick keeps getting bigger and her pussy tighter, and she just loves that feeling, because she knows what it means, that they are both very close to cumming and that soon her boyfriend will be blowing his creamy load all over her open mouth, her slutty face, her perky titties and the rest of her smoking hot cheerleading body! Meaty plump pussy, perky little titties, she has a face of an angel and body of a sex symbol, enjoy!   If you have a good friend whose girlfriend is a slut or whose ex-girlfriend was a cheating whore, now you can tell him he can get his revenge at her right here at GF Revenge! This is where dirty girlfriends and cheating ex-girlfriends get exposed by our users, who submit their dirtiest amateur sex tapes and homemade porn videos so everybody can watch them stripping naked, sucking dick, getting fucked hard and having their big tits, juicy butts and slutty faces plastered with loads of hot cum! Enjoy tons of user submitted videos featuring real life girlfriends and exes!