Breaking up is so hard, and this dude has been trying to end it with his girlfriend for months now! Every time he gathers up the nerve and the testicular fortitude to tell her it’s over she starts crying and makes him change his mind. Today he finally calls it quits and lets her know that no amount of crying or drama is going to make him change his mind! Since she can’t change his mind, she decides to ask him for something, one last fuck so she can remember him by! Of course he obliges! The sexy little teen babe strips naked from him right there on the patio where he was breaking up with her and sits on his lap, impaling her tender snatch on his throbbing member and riding him in reverse cowgirl. Petite naked girl bounces up and down his cock for the last time and flips over so he can see her face and her small tits while she continues riding on his hard cock. The way she grinds her ass and presses her body against him is so kinky, she begs him to slap her ass and everything! He puts her down on all fours, holds her hands behind her back and pounds her pussy doggie style from behind. He has never fucked her so hard before, too bad this is going to be the last time, or at least that’s what he thinks as he flips her over again and spreads her long legs so he can continue plowing her pussy in missionary position.  He can feel the cum rushing from his balls to his cock and pulls out of her pussy, ready to cum all over her belly and her titties, but she grabs his dick and pops it back inside her pussy! He never anticipated such a move and he’s way beyond the point of no return, so fucking turned on, he can’t muster up the force of will to pull out of her pussy before he actually cums! He starts cumming inside her and when he finally pulls out, all his hot sticky cum gushes out of her cunt and oozes between her semi parted pussy lips! Watching his cum dripping from her pussy and between her legs is fucking hot, but when he realizes a couple of months later that she tricked him into getting her pregnant, he’ll realize his error!   Teens love creampies! Is there anything more beautiful than a sticky creampie oozing from a teen pussy? These girls love when hot cum drips out of their pussies. Pink tiny pussies dripping with cum… awesome! Teen Pies takes you on a naughty journey of sexual discovery as you check out the hottest teen porn videos featuring sexy, beautiful 18 year old teen dolls that love getting creampied by their lovers after a delicious fuck! Jerk off while watching these little naked girls get down on their knees and suck dick, have hot lesbian sex, masturbate, fuck, enjoy hot anal sex and get incredible cumshots, facials and, best of all, sticky creampies oozing from each and every fuck hole in their bodies! With new creampie videos and dirty cumsluts added all the time just to keep you happy and hard, baby!