Don’t miss one of the hottest lesbian scenes ever. Incredibly hot, both theses girls are gorgeous and the action is awesome. This sexy babe is in the kitchen, telling her best friend about this wild, sexy, steamy lesbian wet dream she had last night with her! After listening to the hot retelling of this wicked hot girl on girl fantasy, her best friend pushes her body against her, pulls up her top and stats sucking on her juicy puffy nipples while feeling her soft breasts! She closes her eyes, ecstatic as she realizes her best friend is eager to play out the fantasy in real life with her, right here, right now! She may have been the one to dream it up, but her best friend had definitely been pondering the scenario for a long time! She unbuttons her denim shorts and puts her hand inside while kissing her lips, leaning her back over the kitchen counter while her hand explore her dripping wet snatch. It’s the first time she’s been touched, explored and kissed by another girl, and she knows it’s the same for her best friend, she loves the fact that they are living out this first time lesbian experience with each other! She peels the shorts off her body, throws her over the kitchen counter, spreading her legs as she dives into her cunt and her dripping wet, smooth, hot, velvet tongue dashes in and out of her semi parted slit! The girls both strip totally naked and she throws her best friend over the couch and goes down on her, eager to taste her pussy juices and do to her the same exact thing she was doing to her over the kitchen counter just a few minutes ago! Her best friend puts her down on all fours and devours her wet snatch; she can even feel her tongue probing her asshole! Soon, she finds herself sitting on girlfriend’s face so that her tongue can explore the deepest regions of her vagina. Face sitting is so fucking hot! She literally fucks her mouth with her twat riding back and forth over her face. I can’t get enough of watching these two teen lesbians as the girls use their tongues and lips to pleasure each other in all possible positions. The hottest girls and the hottest tribbing action in g/g! Two naked girls tongue fuck each other’s pussies, lick ass and do all these things they’ve seen in lesbian porn, both cumming again and again. 