Do you like fit sexy girls with shiny spandex leggings? This smoking hot brunette amateur babe is working out at the gym with her trainer and since they are all alone at the gym, she’s having a ball teasing him and watching his dick get hard under his spandex workout pants! He can see she’s getting her pants drenched in her pussy juices too! He pulls them down and admires her perfect bubble shaped ass, the delicious crack of her ass, her tender puckered asshole and her breath taking semi parted pussy lips. What a view, baby, what a view! They leave the gym and head back to his place, where he admires her gym toned body as she slowly and seductively strips naked for him. Her pussy and ass are so beautiful and fuckable. She is ridiculously hot, absolutely beautiful face, perfect ass and pussy. By the way she looks a little like Olivia Wilde! She leans over the couch’s back rest with her gym pants down her thighs so he can rub her muff and the crack of her sexy ass, first with his hands and then with his hard dick, before popping it inside her dripping wet pussy, but he doesn’t fuck her, he lets her push her ass back and forth against his hard mast! So fucking hot! After a while he eventually starts doggie fucking her, since after all, it’s only so much you can hold back when you have such a fine juicy ass in front of your dick, man! They change positions and the sexy babe straddles herself atop his rock hard boner and rides it like a vicious cock slut. He spreads her luscious ass cheeks and plays with her tender asshole while she impales her snatch on his hot rod and plows her as hard and as fast as he can. He presses her against him, feels her tits against his chest while she grinds her hips and waist real slow, sinking into his hard cock. Work it out! He puts her down on her back, legs spread and fucks her twat in missionary position, constantly admiring her gym toned body, her sexy midriff and the way she moves, wiggles and contorts her body as she accommodates his throbbing erection inside her vaginal funnel. She rubs her clit while he bangs her and holds her long sexy legs up high so he can bang her even deeper, she just can’t wait for her lover to pull out of her dripping wet pussy and glaze her face and her tits with all his hot and creamy spunk! She is smokin hot… one of my new favorites. That amazing stomach, her curves, those hips, those legs, mouth-wateringly gorgeous pussy and ass! She is simply fabulous in all aspects. Enjoy!   I Know That Girl takes real life amateur and girlfriend porn to the very next level as users submit and share their dirtiest amateur sex tapes, homemade videos and leaked footage! Sign up and watch the sexiest amateur real life girlfriends getting naked, masturbating, playing with dildos, having hot lesbian sex, sucking dick, licking balls, getting fucked up all their wet tight holes and getting sprayed with gallons of hot cum and it all happens in front of the camera! You never know when one of these sexy girls could be somebody you know, worked with or even dated or fucked!