If you are into beautiful, slender, graceful, skinny girls, you have to check out this breath taking teen babe! The first thing you will notice is her pretty blue eyes and her angelic face, then your attention will surely be drawn to her sexy legs, nice little ass and that bald sweet pussy! Everything is flawless and perfect on this girl! This sexy teen doll and her boyfriend have her parent’s home all to themselves since they are away on a business trip and they are taking advantage of this so the teens can have sex at the pool! Totally naked, he lies flat on his back as his naked girlfriend presses her tight body against his, covering him with soft, wet kisses while feeling his hands all over her naked, hot body. She grabs his throbbing member in her hands and sucks it, licking it like an ice cream cone and straddling herself atop, impaling her wet pussy on it so she can ride him by the side of the pool. His cock feels so big and so hard inside her, she needs to ease into it slow and gently, inch by inch until he is completely inside her, it is such a snug fit and she loves it. She caresses her body and her breasts while riding his erection, feeling his hands on her hips and the gentle evening breeze against her naked skin. This sexy girl definitely knows how to ride a cock, grinding and thrusting motions look amazing! She leans back, her hands on the sides and her hips thrusting up and down. She loves the way his cock springs back when she pulls her pussy away from it and he tugs it back in so she can keep riding him. Naked girl turns over and gets down on her hands and knees so he can lick her pussy and rim her tender asshole before he penetrates her from behind and gives her a hot doggie style fuck! She pushes her bubble butt against his crotch so his dick can go deeper inside her amd she can’t wait for him to shoot his creamy load all over her! He makes his girlfriend lie flat on her back and stands over her so he can spray rigth in her open mouth! Amazing cumshot! 