Do you like sex scenes with petite naked girls? I really enjoy watching small girls with tight pussies in action. Be sure to check out our newest Extra Small video. This petite 18 year old cheerleader has been best friend with her male cheerleader partner for a long time, but during today’s practice, when he lifts her up, she notices the way he gazes at her exposed striped cotton panties and the huge bulge between his legs. She had no idea she provoked such feelings and reactions in him, making her decide to move him from the friend zone to the fuck zone! Back at her place, she makes him strip naked and sit on the couch, lifting her cheerleader skirt up as she straddles herself atop that massive cock and lets it sink inside her tight pussy. All this time, she thought he was gay since he joined the cheerleading squad, but now it makes sense, he wanted to be as close as possible to the sweetest pussy! His dick is so big and hard and it feels so good as she squats standing over it and he pumps her, holding her by her tight ass while she places her heels over his thighs. Fuck the cheerleader, save the world! The small teen loves it when he grabs her by under her knees and lifts her body up while pounding her cunt, but she wants to get off his dick so she can take off her cheerleader outfit and keep riding, her face and tits facing him so he can hold her in his strong arms and lift her up and down his shaft while groping her tits and grabbing her ass. He stands with her in his arms and keeps banging at her pussy, fucking her all over the couch in many different positions and the sexy cheerleader can’t wait for her lover to blow his load all over her face and open mouth, cum on ass, cum on tits, or cum on stomach! Watch more videos with the smallest teen girls ever!   Exxxtra Small is the original site for tiny girls that love huge dicks! These barely legal teens go by many nicknames; petite, tiny, spinners, fun-sized, bottle rockets, mini-me, vertically challenged, no-tits and many more! Exxxtra Small brings you 2000+ exclusive HD 1080p scenes of these very small petite teens taking on their biggest challenge – huge monster dongs. The kinky scenarios featuring petite girls getting fucked hard and having their tight fuck holes stretched out by huge cocks will be part of your spank bank for sure! Cum watch these tiny teen sluts get filled to the brim with gallons of hot cum!