Friends made him the best birthday gift ever in the shape of a hot brunette stripper! Are you looking for the hottest babe with big tits, perfect ass and hot pussy? We’ve brought back the busty beauty Peta Jensen to show off her hottest moves in a hardcore film. A couple of magnificent big tits, a mouth-watering juicy booty and a perfect bald pussy that just want to get fucked hard by a huge 11" cock! Don’t miss this amazing hottie! There are good friends and bad friends and these friends have to be the best ever, because they made this guy the best fucking birthday gift ever! They know that ever since he broke up with his girlfriend some months ago he’s been a bit down and more important, dry and out, so they book him a session with a smoking hot brunette stripper in the sexiest white lace lingerie and when she comes knocking at his door and crawling on all fours unto his bedroom, he can’t believe this is his birthday gift! All she’s missing is a red bow tied around her, man! Hot babe pulls down his pants and whips out his rock hard erection with her hands and wraps her scarlet red lips around it, sucking it and licking it with her eyes locked on his. He pours baby oil all over her big tits until they are slippery and drenched, rubbing his throbbing member between them and shaking her juicy ass while she pulls down on her lace panties, exposing her delicious bubble shaped ass, with a sparkling anal plug poking through the crack of her ass! The hottie sits on his big dick and he feels his member sinking inside her wet, hot cunt and the anal plug in her butthole is the cherry on top! She pushes her ass up and down his long shaft, biting her lips as she looks over her shoulder to make sure he’s enjoying this experience. Her gorgeous naked ass moving around in the air looks absolutely amazing! She’s doing incredible things with her butt! After bouncing on his cock she gets back between his legs so she can suck and stroke his boner some more, tasting her own pussy on his dick before getting down on all fours with her feet over his thighs and pushing her ass back against his dick. The sexy birthday gift licks his balls and cock some more and moves over to the window panes of his living room so he can fuck her standing and all his neighbors can see the hot slut he’s banging on his birthday! Her body is fantastic and I love the way she fucks his dick with her hot pussy. Naked babe lies on her back on the floor with her legs spread in the air so he can pile-drive fuck her pussy and finishes him off with a sensual footjob in her white lace stockings that makes him cum hard all over them!   The summer is Brazzers and you can enjoy the hottest porn and the sexiest pornstars right here! Brazzers sums up what porn is and should be about, smoking hot babes with beautiful faces, long sexy legs, big tits, juicy bubble butts and dripping wet pussies stripping naked in front of the cameras, sucking dick, eating snatch and getting each and every fuck holes pounded hard and filled to the brim with hot and creamy jizz in the highest quality video available online! If you love hardcore porn and you get off with hot sexy girls, you belong right here! Come on!