I hope you like amateur sex tapes with sexy girlfriends! Yes, the next level of amateur porn is here! This dude has a long history of dating and fucking the butt-ugliest chicks in town and all his friends know it, so when he finally gets hooked up with a smoking hot babe for the very first time in his life, he knows he needs some footage of it, because it may not last forever and she may very well be the first and last hot chick he ever had as a girlfriend! He begs her to let him make an amateur sex tape of them having sex and his sad puppy eyes, and big bulge under his pants, finally convince her! She pulls down her sexy top and bra to show off her tits and slides her panties down her thighs, exposing her beautiful slit, the crack of her sexy ass and her lovely puckered asshole. The sex tape becomes really exciting especially when you realize there are no panties on. His half naked girlfriend gets between his legs, drools all over his throbbing member while sucking and stroking it and he fucks her mouth. This chick is so fucking spunky! She’s having as much fun as him filming this homemade sex video, maybe more than him! She knows her boyfriend is going to be showing this off to all his friends even if he swears he won’t, so she wants to give the fucker something to brag about and make all his stupid horny friends, and their girlfriends, uber jealous! The sexy babe straddles herself atop his hard member and squats on it, feeling it sinking into her dripping wet pussy until he’s totally inside her and they can take turns with him fucking her and her riding him. As they fuck she goes taking off her clothes until she’s completely naked on top of her man. Naked girl stands and turns over so she can keep riding him, but with her juicy bubble ass facing his way as she does so. She sits on his face and buries her pussy over his mouth and nose, feeling his wet tongue probing, exploring and fucking her gash. After he eats her out she rolls on her back and spreads her legs so he can fuck her in missionary position, she wants her boyfriend to fuck her in many different positions while in front of the cameras, just like their favorite pornstars do in their professional videos! See him put her down on all fours and bang her from behind and cumming all over her body! She lets it drip down her naked body and then the naughty girl spreads his sperm all over her skin like jam! Horny girlfriends make amateur sex tapes, watch more here:   The most beautiful amateur babes come to MOFOS looking forward to becoming famous pornstars and this is where these teen girls take their very first steps, suck their first hard cocks and get fucked hard in front of the cameras for the first time ever! With thousands of real amateur girls, user submitted videos, 100% exclusive footage and daily updates; you will never run out of amateur porn to bust a nut to! You also get mobile access, unlimited streaming and access to 32 extra sites; this is the very best in hot amateur porn and sexy real life amateur girls!