Sexy blonde and hot redhead have hot lesbian sex in the shower! So beautiful! When two gorgeous naked girls are in the shower together, like you’ll get to see in our next video, you know that they’re bound to have a sultry hot time. By the way, this video from amazing SEXART, this is not typical porn site, this is a ART of sex! Don’t forget to download more amazming lesbian sex scenes with naked girls there. Well, this blonde knows her sexy redhead roommate is in a relationship with a hot guy, so she has kept her romantic feelings towards her in private, but last night, while burrowing her laptop, the redhead discovers a love letter meant for her and written by her blonde roommate. She is in the shower, so she must act fast. She strips naked and joins her. The blonde is speechless! The redhead simply lets her know that she knows and she feels the same way and thus these two beautiful girls in love give in to the heat and passion of the moment, making out in the nude in the shower stall! Sexy naked redhead placed a suction based dildo on the shower pane and leans against it while feeling the blonde’s hands all over her naked, wet body and her lips against her own. The blonde can feel her friend’s hands all over her tits and the pounding sound of her juicy butt slapping against the shower pane while riding the dildo makes her so hot! She takes the dildo from the shower pane and places it on the shower floor as she gets down on her knees and sinks into it while eating out the redhead’s shaved pussy! Eating her out while riding the dildo makes her pussy drip wet and the redhead makes her stand, places the dildo against the shower wall and invites the blonde to penetrate herself against it while they kiss and make out. She gets down on her knees so she can lick the blonde’s wet slit while she pushes herself against the big blue dildo. The view of two naked girls having several intense orgasms throughout this clip is so spectacular. There’s lots of pussy fondling and licking and rubbing and lots of kissing, with genuine passion, multiple orgasms, so many explicit close ups of their girly pretty bits. Watch two naked girls fucking all over their place and making out outdoors too! 