When they say girls don’t watch porn, they are fucking lying! At least these three babes love it, and today they are gathered in front of a huge bowl of popcorn and their big ass flat screen TV watching some of their favorite porn while talking about guys and sex. The girls love to talk about their bf’s dicks, how to give a blowjob, how does it feel to have a man cum in the mouth and all that stuff! Everything is going okay at this all girl’s party, when the host looks over her shoulder and realizes that her horny stepbrother has crashed the party! She’s not sure about what to do, since her friends are so fixated on the hot porn action on the screen the girls haven’t noticed his presence and before she can think of anything, he pulls down her panties and starts eating her pussy and ass from behind! Awesome! This video is what I call hold the moan. If you are into having sex at inappropriate times and risky places, trying not to be caught, then this video is for you! While this sexy babe gets her asshole and pussy tongue fucked by her very own stepbrother, the other girl chat about the action on the screen, comparing the male pornstars’ dick sizes with their boyfriends’. Meanwhile the host hugs her pillow and clutches her end of the mattress they are laying on top of, holding back some incredibly strong orgasms! He flips her over, spreads her legs and keeps eating her out while she plays with her tits and she can’t believe her friends haven’t caught on yet! Even better, this means that at least for now, she won’t have to share her stepbrother’s huge dick with them! Just look how she wriggles her toes and holds her palms to her mouth to muffle her screams as she orgasms by his skilled tongue! When he’s done with his stepsister, he gets naked and moves to the other end of the line, where her sexy dark haired friend is! She welcomes his presence and jerks his hard cock while still watching the movie! When the friend in the middle finally catches on, the sexy brunette is stroking his big hard cock and licking his balls! The girls keep watching the porn and let their best friend enjoy the stepbro’s dick! He puts her down on her hands and knees and fucks her pussy from behind and then moves on to the third friend! Now the real foursome fun begins! Three naked girls riding and sucking his dick, masturbating and kissing each other! Sexy girl take turns bouncing up and down on his dick until he jizzes all over their faces! This is the best porn watching meeting the girls ever had and from now on, they are inviting the host’s stepbrother to each and every one of the girls’ nights out so he can fuck them all! DOWNLOAD this full teen orgy with three hot naked girls here:   They say that best friends that fuck together, stay together forever and that’s the mantra for these naughty teen girls right here at BFFS! You see, these teenage girls love sex, guys and cocks, but they also love their BFFs and since they don’t want to lose them, they share their dates, friends, boyfriends and lovers with them and you get to watch! Friendship and bonding take a new dimension when these sexy teen sluts strip naked together and enjoy hot lesbian sex while getting fucked hard and covered in creamy cum courtesy of their shared lovers’ hard cocks! Camp counselors, teammates, soccer girls, all types of best friends get naked, masturbate together and share dicks! Naked girls in the best group orgies you have ever seen before! Find the tightest pussy for you!