My beautiful wife and I hired a spunky 18 year old teen who lives down the block to look after the kids while we went out to the movies, but it ended sooner than we anticipated so we came back home earlier, only to find that dirty little slut on our bed, masturbating while talking dirty to her boyfriend on the phone! My wife was so fucking turned on by this, and I was getting a huge boner under my pants, already imagining the two of them in our bed, having hot lesbian sex with each other while I took turns fucking their brains out! We walked into the bedroom and she was so busted! Teen girl begged us not to spread the word, it would mean the end of her babysitting career and we decided to keep her dirty secret, in exchange for some hot threesome fun! My wife got next to her on the bed, caressing her sexy body and pulling her lace panties to the side so she could lick her wet muff and soon she had the slutty babysitter straddled on top of her, pussies rubbing together as she licked and sucked on her tender nipples! My wife got her big tits licked and sucked too and the girls got on their knees and worshipped my cock, sucking my long throbbing member and licking my balls together! That young girl had such a cute face with gorgeous eyes. I fucked her throat and made her stare up at me. My wife made her drool all over my erect member and the sitter was impressed with her cock sucking skills, my wife’s a pro at smoking poles! She put the teen slut in bed and spread her legs, readying her for my hard cock. I fucked her very hard with my wife watching us and the teen straddled up on my dick and rode me while my wifey masturbated her and kissed her neck, cheeks and lips. She took her place so she could also ride my member while the naughty babysitter watched us fucking and then I put the sexy naked girl down on all fours and fucked her hard from behind doggie style, making her squeal and beg for me to cum all over her slutty face and tits! These teen girls of today twerk their juicy ass while getting fucked, so hot! Big tits, sexy ass, tight pussy, serious twerking and cock riding skills, she is a hot teen slut! I’m not sure we’ll ever hire her again as a babysitter, but will definitely invite her over to fuck with us!   Don’t be surprised if the girl you are masturbating to on these videos looks familiar, she could be somebody you know from work, school or the neighborhood! Maybe she’s even one of your ex-girlfriends or the ex of somebody you know! You never know when you’re rubbing one off here at MOFOS, loaded with real teen ex-girlfriends showing off their sexual skills in front of the cameras! Here you will enjoy real ex and girlfriend amateur videos, starring the teen sluts themselves, sucking dick, riding cock, taking it up the ass, having hot lesbian sex and more!