This guy and his girlfriend get back to her parent’s place after working out and his clothes are sweaty and smelly, so his girl directs him to the laundry room. When he goes inside, he’s surprised to find his girlfriend’s sexy mature stepmother doing the laundry in her sexiest lingerie! She tells him it’s okay and even helps him out of his dirty clothes! Thing is, by the time he’s stripped to his boxers, he’s pitching a tent! He can’t help it; his girlfriend’s stepmom is one sexy MILF! Intrigued and enticed by his erection, she takes off his boxers and strokes his throbbing cock with her expert hands. She realizes her stepdaughter is not satisfying him and that’s why his erection is so trigger happy! That’s okay; she can take care of it! The sexy mom tells him to lie over the laundry room cabinet and pulls her big tits over her baby doll while sucking on his fully erect member. She strokes his cock and licks his balls, her eyes locked on his and when his girlfriend walks in, he doesn’t know how to react! Not only is she stripped down to her tank top and thong, she’s smiling with what she sees! It gets even weirder when she locks lips with her stepmother! She explains to him that she loves sharing her boyfriends with her stepmom! They go to the living room, where his girlfriend sucks his rock hard cock while her stepmom masturbates and he still needs to pinch himself to make sure this isn’t a wet dream he’s having! His girl sucks and strokes his dick like never before, drooling all over it and drenching his balls and shaft with her saliva. Absolutely amazing hardcore blowjob! After deepthroating his erection her stepmom puts her naked step daughter down on all fours and spits all over her asshole, watching her spit drip down the crack of her ass and her slit as her boyfriend pumps her from behind! She eats her stepmom’s pussy while getting fucked hard by her boyfriend, and then lets her mom ride on his rock hard cock while she rubs her clitoris and bf’s balls! Two naked girls riding one dick… this guy better know how lucky he is, that is hot! He takes turns letting his sexy girlfriend and her smoking hot stepmother rides his hard cock. Love the mom licking and fingering young chick’s asshole. Beautiful! His sexy teen girlfriend decides to show her mom just how good she rides his dick. I love the way her mom helps her with her hands, holding her juicy buttocks and rubbing his balls,not forgetting to lick her ass hole. They try all posible sex positions and finally he gets to blow his load all over the stepmom’s pussy and watch his creampie oozing down her stepdaughter’s face as she licks them both clean! Love the MILF, love the puffy nips, love the anal play, love the creampie! Creampie-dribble-lick RULES!   Do you like watching sexy teen stepdaughters and their hot mature stepmothers fucked in all their wet holes and covered in hot cum by their boyfriends in non-stop hardcore threesome action? If so, you must check out Moms Bang Teens! These hot naked women will go out of their way to seduce their stepdaughter’s and their boyfriends so they can enjoy their rock hard cocks and get their mouths, pussies and assholes pounded hard and filled with creamy cum! Sit back, bust a nut and watch as these lovely teens learn how to share their boyfriends with their lustful mature stepmothers! 