My girlfriend and I were walking back from the supermarket when it started pouring, and though we ran the last couple of blocks to our place, by the time we got back home, we were both soaking wet! We didn’t want to catch a cold, so we headed to the laundry room and I watched as my girl stripped naked and threw her clothes and my own in the washer. She could see I had a burgeoning erection and since we were going to have to wait a while for our wet clothes to wash and dry, why not have a good time while waiting? In her sexy thong my babe is a total freak behind closed doors. She began by revealing that juicy ass and shaking it all around. She spread her delicious butt cheeks with her hands and showed me the crack of her ass, her delicious butthole and her already dripping wet pussy. I was hypnotized filming that ass and her lovely pussy. I ignored everything my girlfriend was telling me about my camera recording and convinced her to film our first sextape. I know that fucking while I’m filming her naked on camera is a big turn on for her and she was definitely as ready to go as I was! After a little pep talk and a few caresses she hopped on top of the washer and I shoved my tongue between her meaty ass cheeks and explored her asshole, rimming her ad enjoying the way her body reacted to my anal probing. I also licked her wet twat and she spread her legs, playing with herself while I watched her and shoved my finger deep inside her pussy while she held her pussy lips spread wide open with her fingers. I took my finger from her pussy to her mouth and my girlfriend sucked it like a dirty slut, tasting her own pussy on my finger. She dropped to her knees and began licking my throbbing cock, stroking it as she sucked and drooled all over my shaft. She cupped my balls in her soft hands while deepthroating me all the way down to the base of my cock, enjoying my erection and hardness and begging for more! My hot girlfriend fucked my dick with her mouth before we headed to the living room and she straddled herself atop my dick on the sofa and rode me. As she did so, she spread her ass cheeks with her hands so I could admire her asshole. She took a break from riding my dick so she could suck my cock and lick my balls, jerking me some more with this devilish grin on her dirty face, before I placed her in missionary position and banged her wet pussy hard and fast while she rubbed her clit and I blew my creamy load all over her belly, her tits and her cute face! After that, without wasting any time, I uploaded our very first sex tape to GFRevenge:   Some people say revenge is a dish best served cold, but over at GF Revenge vengeance is even better when all your girlfriend’s and ex-GF’s homemade sex tapes are leaked, submitted and exposed online, so you can finally get even with them for dumping you or cheating on you with your best friends! Come right now and find the best user submitted footage of real life girlfriends stripping, masturbating, sucking cock and taking dick up their pussy and ass until they’re covered in cum and exposed online as the real cum loving sluts and cock adoring whores they are! Yeah!