Petite, tiny, slim, thin naked girls in hardcore porn with big cocks? Great choice! This guy is a lazy slouch and his home is always a mess, so he hires this sexy maid to help around the house. Things are going great, but one day, she asks for a raise, because she’s really tight on cash. He proposes her a clever way to make a little extra money by cleaning his house naked, and she accepts! While she cleans his kitchen in the nude, he can’t get his eyes off her sexy petite body, her bald pussy and her yummy titties… or his hands off his throbbing member. The little naked maid notices the effect her body has on him, and she likes what she’s seeing between his legs and wants to get a taste. He pulls his pants and boxers down and she grabs his throbbing member, feeling its hardness in her soft hands as she drops to her knees and stuffs her mouth with it. Her mouth and that hot little pussy are made for swallowing cocks, and cumshots! She drools all over his dick and his balls and rubs them clean, stroking his saliva drenched shaft while licking his balls and straddling herself atop his hard cock so he can fuck her as she rides him. She bounces up and down his rock hard cock and it feels so fucking good, she’s glad she took him up on his offer because she’s not just enjoying her raise, but also the great fuck she’s having with her boss! She gets off his rod so she can suck and stroke it some more, tasting her pussy all over his dick turns her on so much, and she squats back on top, this time with her back and juicy bubble butt facing him. This petite naked girl rides that dick like a pro, hitting all the right spots. I like the way she moves back and forth on his dick, rubbing his balls with her juicy pussy lips. She bounces up and down his fully erect meat pole and impales herself on it, then he puts her down on her knees and against an ottoman, holding her hands behind her back as she pounds her wet pussy from behind. The tiny cutie lies flat on her belly and gulps on his hard sausage, deepthroating it and paying on her back so he can fuck her in missionary position. She knows that when he finally cums, he’s going to get the floor and rugs and furniture dirty with his spunk but she doesn’t give a fuck, she just wants him to cum all over her sexy body and her open mouth! Who said that being a maid was a boring job?   With tons of XXX killer scenes and loads of smoking hot tiny 18 year old teen girls, Exxxtra Small is the porn site you can’t afford not being part of! The hottest, most popular and famous teen stars come here to suck on the biggest dicks and get their little pussies and asses pounded hard and drenched in cum! Watch these girls open up wide and take on some of the biggest dicks, rubbing their muffs and enjoying hardcore anal sex, intense masturbation, insane sex, group fuckings, orgies, threesomes, foursomes, cum blasts, creampies and so much more! Cum check it out now! 