This babe probably is the hottest and sexiest woman on earth! She has an absolutely beautiful body – those gorgeous feminine curves of that sexy ass! She really has the face of an angel, perfect ass, lovely pussy and breasts! The way this sexy babe flirts with the camera is out of this world. While her boyfriend is away, this sexy blonde babe is having some fun with his roommate, what a little bitch! He rubs her pussy over her pink panties (yeah, the ones he got her this last Valentine’s) and she gets between his legs so she can suck his cock, something she loves doing but she never does to her actual boyfriend! She holds it firmly at the base and deepthroats it, drenching it with her saliva as she strokes it and gets down on all fours so he can check out her juicy bubble shaped butt. He pops his hard cock inside her tight pussy and pumps her with her face buried in the pillow, groping her ass and fucking her rhythmically. He grabs her by her yellow tank top straps and uses them as reigns, holding her back and reining her in as he pounds her dripping wet pussy. He holds still and lets her push her unbelievable ass back against his cock, something that really turns her on. This girl has the hottest ass! He pushes her body against the bed and keeps banging her from behind and she straddles herself atop his hard cock, her sexy ass and back facing him as she slips it into her wet pussy and rides her boyfriend’s roommate. She makes her juicy bubble butt bounce up and down his generous erection, her boyfriend would already have gone limp by now, fucking loser. Good thing he has a roommate that’s a real man and that can satisfy a horny fuck slut such as her! She pops his succulent pussy drenched cock back into her mouth and devours it, sucking and licking it while removing her tank top and leaving her black bra on while bouncing back on his throbbing member for more fucking. She enjoys rubbing her slit and her clit while she has that meaty sausage impaled inside her snatch and she lies flat on her back so the roommate can fuck her in missionary position. She imagines what a turn on it would be for her boyfriend to come in right when his roommate is blowing his load all over his girlfriend’s slutty face and big titties, watching her satisfied expression as she gulps down every single drop and proves her boyfriend will never be half the lover and man that his roommate is! What a hot, sexy, stunning beautiful babe! She is a complete package of ecstasy and pleasure, ENJOY and don’t forget to download the whole sextape here:   I Know That Girl offers you real amateur sex videos featuring regular girls, girlfriends and ex-girlfriends, maybe even somebody you may know! The hottest girls caught on film sucking dick, masturbating, having hot lesbian sex, getting bent over and fucked by their lovers, seducing their friends and so much more! These naughty real life chicks will do whatever it takes to satisfy their sexual urges, even if that means being caught on camera and exposed on the web! Here they get fucked and exposed in hardcore real amateur videos, with new girls and updates added all the time!