Don’t miss these hot Russian girls! This guy’s celebrating the summer holidays in Cyprus and he’s on his way to a nearby location when he spots a couple of hot girls, a brunette and a blonde, storming off a parked vehicle. The car speeds away and the girls are left stranded by the side of the road. He stops by and offers the girls a ride. As it turns out, they are from Russia and they are also enjoying the summer holidays; at least that was their intention until the brunette got kicked out of the car by her boyfriend. This guy takes mental note of the situation, and realizes he needs to give these hot girls new hope in the male gender, so he treats them like princesses. Of course they love being treated nicely and being pampered, and they warm up, and loosen up, to him! He drives and watches as they take off their clothes and naked brunette by his side starts masturbating. Looks like a gentleman turns them on big time, take note! She whips out his cock and pretends it’s the shift stick and she gives him head while he drives. She controls their car driving using his erect cock like a joystick, his cock and then her mouth like a special controler, awesome! These two naked girls from Russia are so hot! Since he is a safe driver, he suggests they pull over and keep playing! The brunette sucks his cock and even licks his balls and his asshole while her blonde friend watches! I’m not a big fan of watching a girl licking ass to a guy, but this girl likes it! The hot babe gets down on all fours so he can finger fuck her, and to his surprise, while doing so she starts to squirt like a garden hose! Squirting orgasm fans make sure you don’t miss this video. Yeah, squirting is piss, and yet, nobody cares. Still hot! She’s spraying pussy juices all over car, but he doesn’t give a fuck, it’s a rental after all! Just watch him fucking both hot girls all over his car and cumming on their slutty faces! The boyfriend one of the girls comes just in time, to watch as some dude cums on his girlfriend’s face, awesome! 