This sexy petite 18 year old teen with the banging body and the incredible long bangs is a professional dog walker, or at least that’s what she believes, until today, when she loses the dog she’s walking! It’s the first time this happens, and after looking all over for poor little Fluffy, she heads back to its owner to let him know his dog is lost, and she lost it! The guy’s incredibly pissed off, as should be, and decides this dog walker bitch needs to be punished for her irresponsibility! He makes her strip naked and get inside Fluffy’s doggie cage, wiggling her juicy bubble butt like a doggie bitch! The young naked girl feels so humiliated, and so turned on too! He decides he earned a treat, and whips out his huge throbbing cock, wagging it over the cage as she tries licking and sucking it through the cage’s fence. He pops his huge dick through it and the teen slut grabs on hard to the cage and sucks his rod. He orders her to lie on her back and push her pussy against the fence so he can fuck it, and fuck it very hard he does! While she pushes her cunt against his cock he tells her to think about poor Fluffy and her irresponsible actions. He orders her to turn over and get down on her hands and knees, pushing her ass against the fence one more time, so she can get properly fucked doggie style. He gets her out of the cage and moves her to a nearby ottoman, where he puts her on her hands and knees again and plows her teen pussy from behind. He has her body pinned against the ottoman and mercilessly pounds on her muff, before straddling the teen slut atop his hard cock and impaling her tight pussy on it. She feels bad about losing Fluffy, but she feels so fucking good about the harsh, rough punishment she’s getting! He bends her over the cage and fucks her pussy from behind some more, then continues while having her pinned against the floor. He cradles her in his strong arms and pounds her in standing position. He knows Fluffy will find his way back eventually, but in the meantime, he’s going to make her his dirty little bitch and cum all over her face! What c creative scenario! Perhaps in the future we can see more ideas like fucking naked girls through a chain link fence or between prison bars!   These sexy teen chicks may seem small and petite, but they have what it takes to deal with the biggest cocks and the largest of lovers, as the naughty teen babes from Exxxtra Small prove! These sexy teen girls come here in search of new experiences, and they wanna know what it feels like getting fucked by some of the biggest, thickest, hardest dicks in porn! These girls just love sucking huge cocks, getting all their wet, tight holes fucked very hard and having hot sperm blasted all over their faces, big tits, round butts and stunning bodies! Check them out!