If you’ve ever dreamed of having sex with naked dancer girls right in the dance room, then this scene can help fuel your fantasies! This sexy blonde ballerina is focused on her ballet practice and terribly turned on by the way her dance teacher is looking at her, particularly her pubic area. With a naughty smile, she undoes the buttons fastening her leotard and her pink, tender, fleshy pussy is exposed to him. He continues observing as she gets down on her hands and knees, gazing upon her reflection in the mirror placed in front of her. I can’t believe how beautiful this babe is! She is absolutely gorgeous, her sweet round bare ass looks fantastic! He takes his naked pupil to the practice poles and makes her squat over his face as he buries his mouth between her tender pussy lips and eats her out. She can feel his smooth, wet tongue wriggling inside her soaking wet pussy. He places the naked ballerina in an inverted bridge posture and feeds her his hard, throbbing member. An exercise of concentration and endurance, keeping balance on her hands and feet while gobbling up his deliciously hard cock. A hot, flexible squirter who truly enjoys sucking a dick. Squatting and grabbing on to the practice poles, he gets underneath her and jack hammers her pussy. His cock feels so big and hard thrusting in and out of her dripping wet pussy. He holds her by her waist and makes her body bounce up and down his thick shaft. He leans against the practice pole, standing, placing her in front of him and penetrating her while she raises a leg over the pole. This way he can press her amazing naked body against his own while banging her. She enjoys his big hard cock and has several different orgasms in a few different positions. She uses her hands to spread her ass cheeks so his dick can dig even deeper inside her voracious pussy. He turns her over and fucks her standing from behind, pinning her arms and pressing her against him, she can feel that her dance teacher is close to the point of no return and can’t wait for him to cum hard and cover her in jizz! 