These two guys are friends since they met during their first year in college, studying film and arts. They are both into porn and want to become famous porn directors, and they wanna begin by filming their first amateur porn movie! The problem so far has been finding the right star, and finally, they met this raunchy blonde amateur girl with an incredible body that is eager to become famous in the world of amateur porn! They don’t really have a script to work on, so they invite her over to their place and just get the camera rolling as she takes off her clothes in front of them and see where inspiration leads them! Completely naked she teases you, jiggles her bum cheeks and shows her naked pussy on camera. Her body looks so tight and sexy! This babe is stunning! Of course, for this to work out, one of the guys will need to play the co-star, and since they can’t both play the part because somebody has to film this stuff, they flip coins. The lucky winner gets his dick sucked by the naughty blonde amateur and she turns out to be one hell of a cock sucker! Hot blonde straddles herself atop her co-star’s throbbing member and slides into it, feeling it fill up her wet, hot cunt. The amateur pornstar rides him, spreading her delicious ass cheeks so his member can get even deeper inside her and at the same time giving the camera dude some great angles of her juicy bubble butt, delicious ass crack and tender asshole. His cock is getting a bit dry for her taste, so she drools over his member, relubes and straddles back on, this time with her ass and back facing his way and her tits and face facing the camera guy. She rides her co-star’s cock with a big smile on her face; she’s enjoying the camera guy’s frustration and the big bulge throbbing between his legs as he films her fucking. She lets him know not to worry; she will be more than happy to fuck his brains out behind the scenes! Sitting on the edge of the bed she spreads her pussy lips with two fingers. She plays with her muff for a bit and lies down, spreading her long sexy legs so she can get fucked in missionary position. She’s having a ball with these guys and hopes they consider her for the sequel and every other amateur porn movie they choose to film! Watch as the stud finally blows his load all over her sexy naked body!   