New girl in class gets a hardcore welcome fuck from her teacher! Yes, you heard it right! Moreover, this small petite girl has considerable squirting talents and she doesn’t mind to demonstrate it right here in the classroom. She is a new girl in class, the spunky blonde 18 year old teen with a big red bow on her head and long sexy legs that immediately catch the teacher’s attention. He makes her stay after classes so she can learn the rules of the classroom. She is eager to learn and please the teacher and soon he has her spread over his desk, pounding her fresh 18 year old pussy with his big throbbing member. I like the way he fully pulls out his dick, and then pushes it back in her pussy as deep as he can, again and again, giving her the fantastic feeling! He knows she’s a dirty little slut and she’s be sucking her fellow student’s cocks and letting them plow her wet fuck holes, but the teacher always gets first dibs! By the look on her face, you can tell that she has never ever been fucked by such a big, thick cock, but this small girl is enjoying it regardless. As he grabs her by the throat and pumps her with his huge erection, she knows her pussy will be stretched out really good so she will be ready for the next time he chooses to fuck her again. She loves being the teacher’s fuck pet and as he pulls out of her snatch and rubs his dick up and down her pussy lips, the blonde cunt starts gushing like a fountain! Yeah, the new girl is a squirter! That will get her a better grade! He puts her down on her hands and knees over his desk and rams his hard cock deep inside her tight pussy, he loves the way it initially contracts as he shoves his cock deep inside her and later it stretches out to accommodate it. After fucking her from behind he straddles her atop his dick and makes her bounce up and down his rod as if she were riding on a pogo stick! She gets on her knees and he pushes his cock deep down her throat and enjoys watching her gag and choke on it, then he sits on his chair and she eases into his cock, pushing her juicy bubble butt against it and squatting over it, her feet over his knees, taking it all in! Cradled in his arms, he fucks her standing, pins her shoulders over the floor and fucks her in a pile driver position! This small girl cant stop squirting while she gets fucked by his hard dick. Watch her squirt like a garden hose as he gets ready to cum all over this bitch!   Exxxtra Small takes you to a sordid place of hot teen porn where the smallest, tightest, slimmest 18 year old teen sluts get fucked hard by big hard cocks! Extra small teens and big dicks clash, collide and fuck together in the most insane hardcore action! Cute teens under 100 lbs! Watch naughty teen sluts, shy virgins and teen girlfriends sucking huge cocks, licking balls, masturbating their young pussies in front of their lovers before getting fucked and getting their faces, bodies, titties and asses covered in hot cum! New videos and tight teens are added all the time so don’t miss out and check it out right now! 