All asian porn lovers you won’t want to miss these two hot naked girls in a wild threesome! This sexy asian girlfriend’s best friend left for college, but they kept in touch, and she was always writing to her about her new boyfriend, going into particular detail on the subject of his huge cock; so when vacation time came, she decided to visit her best friend and to stay at her place for the weekend! This would give her the chance to catch up with her best friend, and check for herself if those amazing stories about her boyfriend’s big dick measured up! Now that she’s here, she’s finally got to meet her best friend’s boyfriend and he looks very nice, pleasant, handsome and hot! He enjoys listening to their sexy stories, especially those times when they experimented with each other, so the girls decide to give him some visual imagery to go along with the story! The start making out and he can tell his girlfriend likes it, judging by her erect nipples showing over her top! The girls start getting naked in front of him and he’s already pitching a tent under his pants! His girlfriend is hot, and her best friend is beautiful, with long silky jet black hair and amazing big tits, much bigger than his girl’s! His girlfriend begins to suck her best friend’s nipples and feels up her tits, and her friend spreads her legs, makes her remove her panties and goes down on her, licking her twat while the boyfriend watches, astounded! Her Asian pussy looks gorgeous, so nice and sweet! It’s not surprising that she can’t resist to shove her tongue between her tender pussy lips! These two naked Asian girls are having lots of fun playing in front of him and the time finally comes for his girlfriend to show her best friend her boyfriend’s massive sausage! Her eyes widen up upon seeing his big throbbing member and she’s invited to suck it along with her! Having both beautiful girls lick, suck and kiss his dick and balls drives him crazy! His girlfriend straddles herself atop his hard cock and rides it while the best friend watches, biting her lips as she eagerly awaits her turn! The girlfriend rides his dick in cowgirl and reverse and then tags her best friend in! She gets fucked missionary style, with his girlfriend sucking her nipples and fingering her clit! They keep switching places and trying to guess which one of them is going to make him blow his load! He hopes it’s the hot best friend! These hot oriental babes take turns getting their pussies pounded in all posible positions, don’t miss the full sextape here:   There are girlfriend, there are Asian girlfriends and then there is Crazy Asian Girlfriends, the user submitted site where you can watch and enjoy the hottest, dirtiest and sexiest real life crazy Asian girlfriends exposed online while getting down and dirty in front of the cameras in exclusive homemade sex videos and amateur porn tapes that were never meant to see the light of day, much less get exposed on the web! See these hot Asian girls taking off their clothes, sucking their boyfriends’ dicks, having hot lesbian sex with their girlfriends and getting fucked and covered in jizz!