This guy’s got a smoking hot black girlfriend with a smoking body and piercings on her nose, navel and nipples and there’s nothing he wants more than to make a homemade porn movie with her! After pondering it many weeks, she decides to allow her boyfriend to record their sex as long as she gets to keep the memory card afterwards! She puts on some sexy white panties and a black stripped top as he films her and she starts warming up to the camera. She removes the panties and gently rubs her pussy, spreading her long black legs as he closes in on her beautiful mocha snatch. She gets down on all fours and twerks her juicy chocolate bubble butt for him and his video camera and she can already imagine how big and hard his cock must be getting under his pants. Sexy black girl twerking, I love it! That juicy ass, her black pussy and her long sexy legs, absolutely everything about her is perfect! She lies on her back and parts her legs as he gets naked and inserts his throbbing member between her pink pussy lips and penetrates her. They fuck in missionary position and she rubs her muff and bites her lips, enjoying their first amateur sex video! Who knows, if she likes how it comes out, maybe they’ll make many more and she might even let him keep the memory card afterwards and even upload it online and share it with his friends! Right now she’s just enjoying the moment and so is he, making love in front of the camera is just kinkier than regular fucking! He lies flat on his back with the camera in his hands and the sexy ebony girlfriend straddles herself atop his hard cock and impales her wet pussy on it, riding her man up and down with her eyes fixated on the camera lens. She takes a short break just so she can take his hard sausage to her lips and suck on it, stroking his shaft while sucking her boyfriend down in front of the camera. Sexy babe gets down on her hands and knees, twerking her black bubble butt as he fucks her doggie style from behind. She looks so hot and sexy in that position, the camera loves her just as much as her boyfriend’s cock! He stays still and lets her push her bubble butt against his hard cock, it won’t take long for her to make him blow his load all right in her sweet little mouth! Her boyfriend explodes a huge cumload into her mouth and continues to film her when a big cum snot hanging out of her mouth. Awesome! This hot black girl has a tight body, flawless pussy and perfect ass, and a sexy personality makes her much more than just another sexy girl. She knows how to keep her man happy as she shows in this week’s BLACKGFS submission. You can’t miss their full sextape in 1080p here:   These sexy black girlfriends are insatiable fuck sluts, and they love it when their boyfriends film them while they are making love! These naughty ebony girlfriends are addicted to their boyfriend’s juicy dicks and at Black GFs you get to see all the amateur footage and homemade videos uploaded and submitted by their boyfriends! Watch these dirty mocha real life amateur girlfriends strip naked, twerk juicy butts, spread their legs and bend over as they get fucked hard by their boyfriends after sucking their cocks and licking their balls! Their mouths, pussies and assholes will get drenched in loads of hot cum!