Have you ever seen a young couple on a date and imagined what would happen when they got home? This week on Reality Kings we have a hot 19 year old teen babe from Texas, with 36 C cups, 105 pounds and she’s five feet 4 inches! Pretty detailed info huh? The blind date with this extremely hot babe turns into hardcore fucking, be sure! After his girlfriend cheated on him with all his friends and he forgave her, she dumped his ass anyway, and this guy’s been single since then! After lots of therapy and help from his friends (the ones that didn’t actually sleep around with his ex) he accepts to go out on a blind date! Things are going pretty well and she’s fucking gorgeous, and imagine his surprise when he discovers that she’s an exhibitionist! Well, he actually finds out about this when she pops her tit over her dress and flashes him while they share a latte! This hottie is anxious to just tear into his pants so they don’t finish their coffee and go back to her place, where she grabs his throbbing hard cock, lubes it up with saliva and strokes it, admiring how big and hard it looks as she plays with it! She sucks his big cock all the way down to the base, drenching it in drool and spreading it all over his shaft and balls with her hands and he spreads her legs and finger fucks her pink clam. Her moist pussy lips look absolutely gorgeous in this position making a juicy pussy lip sandwich between her legs. He fucks her pussy with his fingers but his new lover wants to feel his hard and hot dick driving deep inside her vagina. This hot teen babe takes off all her clothes and straddles herself atop his throbbing member, guiding it into her dripping wet twat and impaling herself on his rod! With her ass and back facing him, she bounces up and down his cock, moaning and grunting. You will love watching this slender naked girl riding and grinding on that huge cock. She flips over so she can face him while riding his dick and he spreads her ass cheeks with his hands to drill her muff even deeper. “Oh, my God, oh, my God!” she screams as he fucks her and slaps her sexy ass. “Yes! Yes! Yes! Oh, shit!” he moans in reply as he feels her pussy muscles wrapping around his member. It’s been so long since the last time he fucked, he’s making up for lost time by jack hammering her dripping wet snatch! “Damn that pussy is tight!” he comments while banging her harder and faster and slapping her juicy ass some more. She flips over again for some more reverse cowgirl fucking and then gets down on her hands and knees so her date can fuck her from behind, doggie style! She bites on her lips and moans, screaming while he pounds her muff in missionary. Сumming inside on a first date!? She thought this blind date would turn out to be a drag, but instead, it’s become an awesome hardcore fucking session that will get their relationship off to a good start! Watch the full movie here:   RK (aka, Reality Kings) redefines the concept of teen porn, bringing you the sexiest 18 year old teen sluts and the hottest teen XXX available on the web, with thousands of scenes and teen girls featured in exclusive footage! These girls may be young, cute and innocent and have a lot to learn, but these naughty teen sluts are eager to do so! Watch them stripping naked, masturbating, sucking cock, having hot lesbian sex, participating in threesomes and foursomes and getting lots of hot, creamy cum blasted all over their faces, open mouths and naked bodies! It’s non-stop teen porn action here!