This sexy teen wants to make it into the football team, but the coach is only willing to have her as a cheerleader, because she looks fucking hot, but she sucks at the game. The sexy teen is determined to make it, so she finds herself a personal trainer to get her game on! Training is hard and grueling; it’s like a football training boot camp! No pain, no gain! If you want it bad, you gotta show it! When she complains about the heat and the sweat and her training bra sticking to her breasts and pressing them too hard, do you think her trainer lets her stop and take a break? No way! Matter o fact, he makes her take it off and continue training with her sexy titties showing through her football jersey! Look as her perky tits bounce up and down as she does stretches and sprints, awesome. To make sure her titties are better he makes her lift her jersey and gropes and squeezes them, they sure do feel nice and tender and he notices her nipples get so hard as he’s feeling her up. To avoid overexposure to the heat, he drips cold water over her breasts and watches those sexy nipples get hard. She looks gorgeous. Love her athletic figure and outfit. This sexy half naked girl looks incredible hot in her transparent football jersey. So, when you see a beautiful girl with such beautiful, perky mid size tits and pussy all juicy and pink, you think, ‘what she needs is a hard cock!” After training, he takes her back to his place, strips her naked, spreads her legs and eats out her tender, pink twat. He rams his dick up her wet cunt and fucks her hard over the couch; after all, if she can take his dick, she can take a tackle from the opposing team! The dirty teen slut spreads her tender ass cheeks with her hands so her trainer’s cock can penetrate her even deeper and harder, she loves the way his throbbing member feels inside her dripping wet twat! She straddles herself atop his cock and bounces up and down while he holds her wrists behind her back. She rides in reverse cowgirl and flips over his cock so she can ride him facing him and then he puts the dirty little bitch down on all fours and fucks her pussy from behind, banging her harder than any other guy has ever banged her before. Her juicy tight bubble butt looks splendid while he pounds her muff from behind. The lucky bastard pounds into that lovely teen pussy over and over again in all poses and after hours and hours of practice with his big dick he gets ready to give his trainee and nice milk cum-shake to fortify her body! Cute face, tight pussy and juicy titties… she’s so enjoyable to look at her amazing body. She is yeat another girl I could use tons of superlatives on, like I usually do, but somehow she’s so stunning I’m lost for words! Don’t forget to download the full-length video in FULL HD here:   Exxxtra Small shows you how wild, naughty and slutty petite 18 year old teen sluts can take on some of the biggest and hardest cocks around! Watch these naughty small legal teen whores taking off their clothes, dropping to their knees to suck one a big throbbing dick, lick balls and get fucked very, very hard! They know their young little pussies and assholes will end up gaping, stretched out and oozing with hot sticky cum after getting pounded hard by their lovers, but they love it so much they just can’t stop! New videos and teen girls added all the time!