This sexy brunette teen just turned 18, so her horny next door neighbor invited her over to his pool so they could celebrate her coming of age! He can’t believe how hot and mature she looks in her two piece bikini, her tits are so ripe, firm and tender. Now that she’s 18 he can play with them all he wants, and he pours baby oil all over her amazing breasts and gets them all slick and slippery while munching on her puffy nipples. Are looking for a sweet faced girl with big boobs? Shae is a super gorgeous busty teen! Grabbing her by underneath her thighs, he lifts this sexy naked girl and cradles her in his arms spread legged as she rubs her dripping wet pussy. She gets in the pool and rubs his hard cock between her beautiful tits with a naughty, sexy smile on her cute face. Back inside his place, he sits on the couch and the hot teen squats over his throbbing member, impaling her wet snatch on it and bouncing up and down as he pounds her muff. He raises her legs up high while banging her 18 year old pussy and she closes her eyes and moans with pleasure as her beautiful breasts bounce up and down. Having his big dick inside her is the best birthday gift she could ask for. Still cradled in his arms, he stands and lifts her, fucking her from behind while kissing her soft lips and tasting her smooth tongue. The naughty neighbor’s daughter sucks his big dick more and he slaps her big tits and her beautiful young teen face with his dick. He bends her over the couch and rams his dick up her pussy, fucking her from behind before straddling her back on top of his rod so the naughty teen slut can ride his dick. I realize that Shae is best known for her tits, but her ass is just incredible. He slaps her juicy bubble ass and lifts her in his arms again; placing her on her back against the floor and spreading her legs so he can pile drive fuck her! Shae is absolutely beautiful. Her tits, her pretty face and her great ass make her one of my all time favorites. She has such a boner-inducing little girl voice… Always A! In addition, she looks kind of like the actress Rachael Leigh Cook. 