Ever since her daddy married another woman, this naughty teen slut has been forced to share the bathroom with her new stepbrother. He’s always knocking on the door while she’s showering, prettying up or masturbating, and it really frustrates her. Today she woke up early so she has the bathroom all for herself and she can masturbate with the shower massager. She’s heard her brother knocking on the door several times but she’s ignoring him. She applies the shower nozzle to her little pussy while rubbing it and, all of the sudden, the shower curtain gets parted and she sees her stepbrother, who got tired of knocking and waiting and invited himself in! He’s totally naked and jumps into the shower to bathe himself. She doesn’t know exactly what to do or how to react, but seeing his naked dick is making her pussy wet! He reaches out and begins rubbing it as she reaches out for his hard cock and strokes it in her hands. This feels so fucking naughty, masturbating her very own step brother in the shower and letting him touch her pussy, but it feels so good! The petite naked girl drops to her knees and begins to suck his delicious dick and he takes her back to her bedroom. He spreads her legs in bed and starts eating out her dripping wet pussy, she can’t believe this is actually happening; it’s the hottest sex fantasy ever! After eating her small pussy she spreads her legs so he can fuck her with his big member, she wants it all inside her, doesn’t matter if he’s her stepbrother! Matter of fact,. That makes it even hotter! She rubs her pussy while he fucks her hard on her bed and turns her over, placing her down on her hands and knees and penetrating her from behind, banging her doggie style. His dick is big, hard, thick and goes deep inside her burning hot pussy funnel. He grabs her hair and tugs her head back while fucking her from behind and she straddles herself atop his hard cock so she can ride it, making her tits bounce up and down as she does so. The view of this extra small naked girl riding big dick is the hottest part. Now that they are lovers, sharing the bathroom doesn’t seem like such a bother anymore, especially when she’s cleaning up all that cum he splattered on her naked body! 