Rainy days usually suck since you’re stuck inside the house all day long, but that’s no problem when you have a smoking hot babe for a girlfriend, just like this guy! Dude, he wishes he would live in London or Seattle where it rains almost every freaking day! So a storm is coming and his girlfriend knows it! She starts stripping by the balcony, overlooking the stormy weather and she gets as wild as nature itself! The naughty teen babe shows off her lace panties and pulls them aside as she plays with her dripping wet cunt in front of her boyfriend, she knows that shit gets his dick hard as a motherfucking rock! She pops a finger in her mouth, sucks it and takes it back to her pussy, rubbing her clit as she gets on her knees and pulls down his pants and briefs, exposing his huge throbbing erection. She strokes it gently and removes her top and bra, placing his dick between her breasts and using them to massage his big cock. His sexy girlfriend stuffs her little mouth with it, deepthroating and stroking it with this sexy smile on her beautiful face, masturbating as she masturbates her man. Completely naked she crawls along the balcony floor so her boyfriend can admire her bubble shaped ass. Even better, she knows all the naughty neighbors in the buildings surrounding them can also admire, appreciate and jerk off to her smoking hot naked body and this gets her so turned on! She tells her boyfriend she wants him to fuck her right there in the balcony, down on all fours, pumping her wet pussy from behind doggie style while everybody watches them! She wants the rain to come down as they fuck and she wants to keep fucking until it stops raining and then some more! He presses her face against the balcony pane while pounding her snatch from behind and then lies flat on his back over the balcony floor as she squats over his big dick and impales her dripping wet pussy on it. She places her feet over his thighs and he jack hammers her pussy as she rubs her clit and she lifts her body up and down his rod. It’s the hottest thing in the world when a girl grinds. Watch him slapping her ass while she rides his dick in cowgirl style. My absolute hands down favorite part of their amateur sextape is when his naked girlfriend fucks his dick, thrusting her pelvis against him, lying on her back on the floor. This teen slut fucks her man in all possible positions and gets ready for her very own private cum shower! She loves sex really and loves to suck her boy till he’s cumin in her mouth!   I Know That Girl brings you a new experience in porn, because the girls you will see in this site might just be somebody you know! Yes, the most beautiful real life amateur girls come here to pose, get naked and have sex in front of the cameras. These girls never considered that somebody that knows them could be watching while they turn into sex crazed, cock craving amateur porn sluts! See them sucking cocks, getting their pussies licked, taking dicks up their butts, having lesbian sex, licking assholes, enjoying group sex and getting fucked and creamed on every fucking hole!