Sexy slut gets her tongue rimmed and pussy munched by her lesbian trainer! A very sexy video featuring two teen girls in the scissoring/grinding/tribbing lesbian scene! This sexy babe is so happy, after being overweight for most of her life, she finally found the right trainer for her! It’s been many grueling months of exercising, working out and running, but she managed to lose all her excess work thanks to her beautiful trainer and her expertise and discipline! Her trainer promised her a gift when she reached her mark, and though she doesn’t know what it is, she can’t wait to get it! By the time her trainer has her on the couch, her soft hands rubbing her pussy over her sweaty gym shorts, she realizes this gift was well damn waiting and sweating for! The trainer rubs her muff and their lips clash, their salty tongues entwined. Now she understands the way she would look at her body as she undressed for those fully naked weigh-ins! The trainer places her on her back and rolls her lower body all the way up and she feels her tongue wriggling in her asshole! Getting her ass tongue fucked by her lesbian trainer feels so fucking good! After rimming her asshole with her tongue, the trainer licks her pussy slit and eats her out and she returns the favor, sinking her tongue between her trainer’s wet pussy lips and tasting her snatch for the very first time! Yes, these two girls are fantastic! The analingus and rimming is especially hot! Their pussies come together as they scissor each other. Both naked girls are hot and you can tell that they are genuinely into each other and completely focused on making each other orgasm. The vigorous scissoring brings them to a mutual climax. This is the best way to burn out those excess calories and these girl on girl sex sessions with her trainer will surely keep her motivated to continue her fitness routine! Watch her fingering her trainer’s pussy while she squats against the couch, her body shaking and convulsing as she experiences an incredible orgasm courtesy of her trainee, as a token of her appreciation, both fitness wise and sex wise! Hot damn! 