Don’t miss this superb scene with a sexy teen. She looks so clean and inviting, a pretty face, small perky tits and the tastiest looking pussy along with long luxurious red hair. The combination of her beauty and her sex skill makes a really awesome scene. I love this sweet girl, she hammers her pussy over her boyfriend’s cock, in cowgirl and reverse cowgirl in a most impressive way, rather than just let the guy hammer her pussy from behind. This sexy redhead teen’s daddy doesn’t like her dating any boys, much less bringing them to the house, but since he’s always knocked out by 7:00 o’clock, she not only brings her lovers home, she fucks them right in front of her sleeping daddy! This guy can’t believe she’s on her knees and sucking his dick while her daddy is just a few feet away, dozing off on the sofa! She slurps his hard cock and gets down on all fours, right next to daddy while her boyfriend penetrates and fucks her from behind, doggie style! Look daddy, your little 18 year old girl’s a fuck slut! He pounds her pussy hard from behind, pushing her sexy body down against the couch and while she pushes back against his hard cock, she checks out to make sure her dad doesn’t awake in the middle of their fucking, now that would be awkward! The redhead naked girl flips over and gets on her back, spreading her legs so her guy can fuck her in missionary while she plays with her small, sexy tits and feels that big, hard cock pumping her little pussy so good. There’s just something so dirty, so kinky for her about being fucked right next to her daddy, it makes her feel like a total fuck slut and she loves that feeling! He could wake up any moment and find his beautiful, sweet daughter totally naked, getting her pussy pounded hard while moaning and grunting! What would she say? How would she react? Would she be able to stop if he caught here right when she was in the middle of a fantastic orgasm? In the meantime, her stud keeps fucking her and stuffing her twat with his gorgeous cock and she straddles herself atop his erection, letting it sink into her gorgeous teeny pussy as she rides him in reverse cowgirl. Very impressed with how long this guy manage to hold back and not cum, when his sexy girlfriend gives him that intense ride! She leans back against her boyfriend’s body and feels his hands all over her tits and naked body, his big sausage inside her cunt and the way he’s fucking her harder and faster, she knows he’s about to cum! She flips over and rides him in cowgirl, grinding her juicy bubble butt and eager to get his cum sprayed all over her face and body, just make sure not to splatter daddy with jizz while he sleeps, fucking lol!   If you have a taste for small, tight, petite, pint sized 18 year old teen sluts you are going to love what you see here at Exxxtra Small! This is the place on the web where young little naked girls spread their legs and get their tight pussies pounded hard by their lover’s big cocks! Watch them swallowing huge cocks, getting fucked in every position and taking hot loads of cum on their faces, open mouths and sexy bodies! Yes, these teens may be small, but these naughty fuck sluts can take on the biggest cocks and the biggest loads! Cum check them out now!