She’s a spunky hot 19 year old teen babe, with 36 C cups, 105 pounds and she’s five feet 4 inches. She came down all the way from Texas for her first porn audition! After she gets off the bus and catches her ride to the studio she passes through wardrobe, hair and makeup and she looks so hot and sexy! Watch Melissa go thru a porn interview where you’ll get to know more about her. Her pussy is already dripping wet under her thong and she can’t wait to suck and fuck her first big cock in front of the cameras! She shows off her spunky body and her amazing tits, playing with them for the camera and masturbating herself with eyes closed as her co-star appears and shoves his massive sausage deep down her throat! She leans over the couch and sucks his cock; drooling all over it and watching him spread that splooge with his hand while jerking his rod. Biting her lips, she gets on her back and spreads her legs, feeling that throbbing member sinking between her pussy lips inch by inch until he’s totally inside her and pounding her muff in missionary. He puts her down on all fours and fucks her from behind and that little Texas pussy looks so sexy getting banged doggie style. She moans and grunts, arching her back and grinding her ass against her man’s crotch. He grabs her tender ass, leaving finger marks on her soft pink skin and pushing her body down until her tits are flat against the couch rest while getting fucked from behind. He sits and the sexy naked babe squats over his dick, impaling her snatch on it and bouncing up and down his pole in reverse cowgirl stance. This Texas bitch knows how to move her body around a cock, man! If you didn’t know this is her first time fucking in front of the cameras you’d think she has been doing this for years! She probably practiced a lot while down at the farm in her home town! She gets off the guy’s dick because she feels it a little bit dry and gives it some tender oral loving, lubing his dick up with her saliva and hopping back up, this time in cowgirl, pushing her tits against her man’s face while riding his cock and ready to get her face covered in cum after her first facial cumshot in front of the cameras! Nice energetic fuck session. She is a hot teen babe with such a sexy body. No tats, piercings or fake tits on that nicely titted hot body. Enjoy!   Nobody can suck your cock, lick your balls and ride your cock so hard to make you blow your load like an 18 year old teen slut and the hottest teen porn can only be found right here at RK, aka, Reality Kings!  This is the home of the hottest teen babes with smoking bodies, big tits and juicy bubble butts! These teen sluts love sucking dick and getting fucked, they enjoy feeling a huge cock banging their pussy and stuffing their asshole, rammed down their mouths and pumping gallons of hot cum down their throats! Watch the sexiest teen girls getting naked, masturbating, having hot lesbian sex, getting fucked by the biggest dicks and having the most amazing orgasms ever!