Don’t miss the greatest girls making out video ever! Two sexy friends reunite and become lesbian lovers! This sexy brunette teen’s best friend just came back from a long trip to Europe, and she’s changed so much! She has cute dreadlocks now, she looks sexier than ever and during her trip she experimented a lot with other girls and the one thing on her mind during her trip back home was to experiment with her best friend! It started with a long embrace after being apart so long, followed by many soft kisses on her friend‘s cheeks that moved closer and closer to the lips the same way her hands moved closer and closer to more sensitive areas of her body. Soon the girls were making out heavily and she was taking off her clothes and she was reciprocating too! She spread her friend’s long sexy legs wide open and let her pink tongue wriggle in her tender pussy, eating her out while watching her fondle her big juicy breasts. Her friend pulled her face against her crotch and she pressed her palms against her midriff. She got down on her hands and knees as her friend took over, eating her out from behind, confessing how many times she had masturbated imagining they were having hot lesbian sex just like this! She buried her face between her ass cheeks while tongue fucking her and slapping her juicy ass cheeks! Man, she was good at this! As she felt her friend’s tongue probing her pussy, she could feel her nose in her asshole, so fucking hot! She lied on her back and her sexy friend sat on her face so she could eat out her cunt and drink her sweet pussy juices. Then she spread her legs while embracing her friend, letting her fuck her twat with her fingers and make her hers! Damn these two naked girls are hot! Fingers on her clit, tongue in her ass, kissing, fingering, facesitting… Butts, sweet bellys and melons! Pussy eating is the best thing that has happened to porn, when a tongue goes in a wet pussy slit. Absolutely amazing scissoring/tribbing, I really enjoyed watching two wet pussies rubbing against each other. One of the best lesbian vids I’ve seen. These two are very hot and beautiful, so no wonder. RK is the world best lesbo site, download more girl-girl sex scenes. 