Every time this sexy blonde babe wants to work out, her exercise routine is interrupted by her horny boyfriend wanting to fuck her. It’s happened to her in their home gym, it’s even happened to her when they go to the local gym club. Today she decided they would train outside, hoping this would put a stop to her boyfriend’s advances. As it turns out, he’s getting even more turned on groping her tits and rubbing her pussy in the park! He can’t wait another moment to slide his hand into her panties to feel her bald mound and the moist slit. It’s not like this gets her pissed, she must confess this behavior on his behalf really turns her on, so much so, she finds it hard to concentrate on working out when all she can think about is sucking his dick and bending over so he can fuck her dripping wet pussy! They go to his car and she indulges in teasing him on the back seat, spreading her ass cheeks with her hands and showing off her ass crack, asshole and soaking wet pussy. What a sweet little chick! This girl is soo beautiful and hot! All curves on her sporty body are amazing with her small waist and round buttocks. By the time they get back home, they are both ready to fuck each other’s brains out! His naked girlfriend spreads her legs in bed so he can finger her cunt and see how fucking wet he got her out there at the park, and she begs him to feed her his big sausage, stuffing her mouth with it. He penetrates her and fucks her hard in bed and her tits bounce up and down with her tank top rolled over them. Might be the most perfect tits in the entire world! She drools all over his dick and spreads her saliva all over his cock with her hands, sucking his balls as she strokes his dick and climbs onto bf’s big hard dick. What a sweet pussy and soft bobbies! The way she rides him is absolutely amazing, grinding her pussy against his dick, slowly moving back and forth. His sexy girlfriend turns over and he grabs her by the waist and thrusts her hips onto his dick to take her to new heights, preparing her to get her face plastered with a load of hot cum! 