It’s laundry night and since these four BFFs (Best Friends Forever) are sure they are all alone in the laundry room, they have put all their clothes to wash and dry, including the ones they were wearing! Naked girls are playing around as they wait for their clothes to finish drying, but they don’t know this perv sneaked into the laundry room and is spying on them! The girls get their clothes from the dryers and dress up and minutes later, the perv comes around, inspecting the machines they used and finding some panties and lingerie the girls left behind! The girls return to pick them up and find the guy masturbating while sniffing their clothes! He’s a sniffer! After discovering the camera and the footage he took of them naked, the BFFs decide payback is in order! They strip him naked and film him, so he knows what it feels like, but that’s not enough punishment for the guy! Well, if you can call what these BFFs are going to do to him punishment… The girls get on their knees and begin sucking his hard cock; it’s fair that he pleasures all of them to make amends for his naughty perving! The first girl is fucking hot and has great tits, she bends over the washer so he can fuck her from behind while the rest of the girls watch, comment and film them! Now, he can’t cum until he fucked all four of them, so that’s quite the challenge! The other girls are getting terribly turned on while they watch their BFF get fucked by the perv, and soon they have their hands under their sweatpants, furiously masturbating to the steamy action taking place! The busty babe is riding the perv’s cock in reverse cowgirl and rubbing her wet muff while he’s pounding her hard. Very good body, great tits, pussy, and a wonderful bubble looking ass! She is exotic! Most of men love that kind of ass and boobs. I like the fact that Cassidy Banks looks like Alisha (Antonia Thomas) from MISFITS! He’s so fucking turned on fucking this hot busty teen babe and having her friends watch and masturbate! She flips mover so she can face him and he can play with her big tits as she squeezes his hard cock with her pussy. After she cums, he still has three other sexy babes to pleasure and they can already anticipate the massive cumshot he will give all four BFFs after he’s done fucking the last one of them! They’ll have to wash their clothes again after this! fivesome   Watch more naked girls in threesome, foursome, fivesome and more some sex scenes! Friendship is best enjoyed when it lasts forever and right here at BFFs, these naughty “Best Friends Forever” show us that friendship and sex make the very best mix! Here, the world’s most beautiful best friends forever are shot in high quality video, so you get the best experience when you watch them stripping naked and sharing their sex toys and lovers alike! See these naked girls in the hottest orgies, sucking dick, getting their faces drenched in cum, enjoying hot lesbian sex and getting fucked hard by lovers and friends! BFFs has the most gorgeous best friends forever, join now and be their friends too!