Dam girls you are hot!!! These sexy teens shaking their juicy bubble butts by the pool love fun, parties and huge cocks, and that’s pretty much what they’re going to get here! The girls are having lots of fun at this pool party, so the only missing element in the equation are the huge cocks and after flashing their tits and making out in the pool, the girls are ready for dick! This guy pulls his swimming trunks down and one of the girls goes under water so she can give him a blowjob, she just looks so fucking sexy eating dick under water! It’s not easy holding your breath while stuffing your mouth with a massive sausage, believe me! She gets her bikini bottom pulled down her thighs and the guy finger fucks her pussy under the water and the action moves above water, with one of the naughty chicks eating dick while the girls play with each other in the background. A sexy blonde with big dicks straddles herself atop another guy’s throbbing member and rides him, dripping water pouring down her sexy body as she gets fucked hard under the sun! She presses her hot, wet body against her man’s and feels his big dick penetrating her while he slaps and spanks her ass, so sexy! The girl that was sucking dick right by her side now leans over the pool’s edge so she can get fucked from behind by her stud and another one of the girls uses a water proof video camera to capture all the hot fucking action going on in this naughty pool sex party! Two naked girls are both getting doggie style fucked by their guys and their huge cocks and the girl filming is eager to have her chance to play with their big dicks too! Fucking in the pool is so much fun, and you can tell the guys and girls are very much into it, cumming is the last thing on their minds because they want this hardcore fuck to last! The guys move out of the pool and lie down on the patio floor so the base can straddle up and get their pussies impaled on their hard cocks as they ride them cowgirl style! Watch these teen sluts get fucked sideways and covered in sticky hot cum at the end! Great scene thanks mofos! The hottest girls, group sex, underwater blowjobs! Wish my pool party were like this! 