This sexy blonde teen schoolgirl is the last left in the classroom, and she finally finishes the paper her teacher is waiting for her to hand over. He asks her to wipe the chalkboards clean and as she bends over to do so, he catches a glimpse under her skirt and notices she’s wearing no panties! The sight of her pink, perfectly hairless young pussy gives him a huge boner and an urge to fuck her on the spot. Her paper kinda sucks, but he’s willing to give her a good grade if she can prove to suck better than her paper! The naughty schoolgirl drops to her knees and starts sucking on her teacher’s fully engorged cock, she loves being the teacher’s pet and fluffer! She enjoys drooling all over his member and watching the long strings of saliva from her lips to the tip of his dick as they strip naked and the teacher likes over his desk and the naughty vixen straddles herself atop and introduces his spit drenched cock deep inside her tight cunt. Squatting on top of his desk naked girl rides his marvelous erection as he admires her flustered expression and her delightful breasts crowned by fully erect, perky nipples. He gropes and squeezes her tits as she grinds her crotch against his. He sticks his fingers in her mouth and she sucks on them and keeps riding his member while he passes his saliva soaked fingers all over her tits. He presses her nubile body against his as they continue fucking on the desk and he feels her hot body on his. She stands over the desk, turns over and squats over his dick again, impaling her snatch on it and riding the teacher in reverse cowgirl position while leaning back against him. They change positions and she lies back over his desk as he pulls her body towards the edge and fucks her while standing against the desk. He’s really hard working this teen girl. When he’s about to cum and ready to pull out, she begs him to blow his load inside her so she can feel his hot cum invading her pussy and oozing down her slit as a sticky creampie! After he’s done she gives him a bonus sloppy drool blowjob to clean up all that spunk and pussy juice from his dick! He fucks her little mouth some more and this time he cums onto her face. Incredible school sex scene, love the creampie! Hot teen girl with round, heart shaped bottom, super sexy perky mid size tits and cute face, showing off her deep throat and swallowing skills, dick riding skills and best of all – cumming inside… Enjoy!   Exxxtra Small takes you on a naughty journey of sexual discovery as you check out the hottest young sex videos featuring sexy, beautiful 18 year old teens that are extra small in size but extra large on sexual cravings! Watch these young girls get down on their knees and suck huge dicks, masturbate, fuck, enjoy hot anal sex and get incredible cumshots, facials and creampies from their big dicked studs! This is pure teen porn, hot 18 year old teen sluts getting down and dirty in front of the camera, with new videos and teen girls added all the time!