When you have a sexy, young wife you need to make sure you keep her happy and satisfied, or she’ll go off the right path, man! This spunky brunette’s husband is definitely not giving her the attention she needs, because he is too busy with work and stuff. She feels so neglected, sad and horny, that when a burglar breaks into their house and grabs her from behind, her initial shock turns to arousal as she feels his gloved hands groping her luscious young body, her ass and her crotch, and the massive bulge of his cock against the crack of her ass! The burglar’s hands are all over her breasts and pulling up her pink dress, rubbing her cunt in the kitchen while her husband is busy in the dining room, with his back to them! Fuck that shit, if her husband won’t give her dick, the burglar’s cock will do! She bends over the kitchen counter, feeling her dressed hiked up, her panties pulled to then side and her ass cheeks spread wide open by the burglar, his tongue wriggling in her asshole and pussy! She turns over so he can eat her cunt while her husband is still busy with work. She is so excited. Just the thought of being being raped by a complete stranger without permission, treated like a backdoor slut really turns her on. Her wild sex fantasies are out of control. The teen slut takes him upstairs to the bedroom. There she pulls out her huge boobs and he plays with them, rubbing them, sucking on her puffy nipples, slapping his face with her tits. This teen girl has amazing big breasts. He’s going to rape her little cunt and she doesn’t mind. He thrusts his hard cock between her big tits and she straddles herself atop his hard cock, impaling her soaking wet pussy on it and riding the burglar on the very same bed she shares with her husband and his workload! Busty naked girl rides that dick as her lovely tits bounce around. He puts her down on all fours and penetrates her from behind and when her husband comes upstairs to check out what’s all the noise coming from the bedroom, she tells him she’s just tired, lol! The cheating wife hides behind the door as she continues to get her pussy rammed from behind while talking to her husband! Watch her down on all fours taking the burglar’s cock from behind! This hot teen continues to get her pussy drilled harder and deeper and gets that cream all over her amazing melons and her pretty face. Watch the slut’s happy face when the burglar’s huge cock covers her face and open mouth with cum, just as her husband is comming in through the bedroom door. By the way, this girl looks like Alisha (Antonia Thomas) from MISFITS, I like it!   I love sneaking and the almost getting caught plot scenarios! After turning 18, these naughty young teen girls discover they have a fascination with big, hard, juicy cocks! The girls know these huge cocks are just too big for their tiny bodies and tight pussies, but they hope that lots of practice and fucking will stretch out their little holes so they can accommodate these big, thick, long, hard shafts! See the hottest teens drop to their knees, suck, choke and gag on these massive erections and get bent over and have their pussy plowed hard without worrying that they would be caught by their parents or passersby.