Young teen girl and sexy MILF have joined forces in this hot threesome to satisfy a huge cock. These two naked girls are absolutely stunning, and together they are an unstoppable sexual force. I really enjoy watching the girls as they take turns riding that big dick. These two hired a new babysitter to take care of their kids so they could go out and they decided to make her come in a few hours before the kids were back home, so they could get to know her better. When the mom heard her ringing the bell and she opened the door she was surprised with what she saw. The babysitter was a spunky blonde teen with a video camera in tow. As it turns out, she was working on a school project, something about filming her work day or whatever. She was so hot, sexy and young. Just look at that tight little body and that innocent, sexy look of hers was mesmerizing. I know I’m not alone when I say that I would love slide my hard dick in her wet little pussy. The MILF took the teen girl around the house and when they opened the bathroom door, there was her husband, sitting on the toilet, masturbating to porn on his smartphone! She covered the poor babysitter’s eyes with her hand, and noticed she moved it away so she could keep watching her hubby’s dick! The little girl later told her it was the first time she saw a huge cock so close up, and the MILF decided this was one of those, you know, “teachable moments”… she called her husband to the bedroom and let the young girl touch his still erect cock; she looked so cute and sexy! The girls dropped to their knees and blew his huge dick together and the MILF showed her how to stroke his rod and play with his big balls. Her husband spread his wife’s legs on the bed and fucked her twat hard in missionary position while the young girl watched them! They felt so hot and naughty having a stranger watch them fuck, specially a young teen girl! Of course she couldn’t film this for her school project, but she could still film this for her personal collection! The husband put the small girl down on all fours over their bed and rammed his hard member up her tight, pink twat! The babysitter has the sexiest bubble butt I have ever seen, she looks sexy getting fucked so hard by that big dick! Beautiful, delicious, tight little butt! She rode his dick while the MILF filmed them banging with the video camera and then she took her place atop her husband’s rock hard cock, riding him while the teen watched them and masturbated! Two naked girls, young and old, took turns riding that huge dick and soon he was blowing his creamy load all over their faces and body. He fucking sprayed them down! They were definitely keeping this spunky teen babysitter! At least they know she’s good in a threesome!   There is nothing better than when hot, sexy young girls do porn for the very first time in their lives in front of the camera and those unique moments are captured right here at MOFOS, the best amateur porn network on the web! This is the absolute best network where the hottest teens make their first time adult videos and you just can’t miss out if you love amateur XXX and sexy amateur porn stars! All these naughty girls wanna do is strip naked in front of the cameras, suck huge cocks and get fucked hard while the cameras are rolling! 