There’s a new coach in school and these two teen sluts were in the locker room talking about how hot he looked and wondering if he’d have a huge dick hidden under those really short gym shorts! The size of his bulge suggested that much, but you know, it could be a sock! Lol! Suddenly the girls heard a noise from the corner and found the new coach jerking his dick while spying on them! Yeah, the girls were shocked by the fact that he was a peeping tom, but what really took these teen sluts by surprise was seeing the size of that cock, it was huge! Turned on, the best friends decided to put on a dirty little lesbian sex show for him, give him something to really masturbate to! These crazy hot girls didn’t waste anytime as they got on his cock. The coach lied on his back on one of the benches and one of the girls dropped to her knees, taking his fantastic big dick to her lips and sucking hard on it while stroking it with her hand. Her friend watched by her side, by the look on her face you can tell how much she craved that huge cock so she passed it over to her, licking his balls while she sucked and stroked his shaft. These girls looked great in their outfits but they looked even better naked. The sluttiest teen stripped naked first, spread over his cock with her juicy bubble butt facing the coach and sat down on his dick, pushing her ass up and down as she felt that throbbing erection penetrating her dripping wet twat. This was the biggest dick ever to fuck her small pussy, what a feeling! While she rode his big dick, he played with her friend’s tender ass, groping it and kissing her ass cheeks. She bent over the bench and he penetrated and fucked her hard from behind and she could feel her friend’s hands all over her big tits. After banging the first teen slut, he bent her best friend over one of the lockers and penetrated her tight pussy from behind with his huge cock. Watching him fuck her best friend made her friend as horny as when he was pumping her snatch with his meaty hose. The horny coach rubbed her teeny pussy while fucking her friend and then came back to fuck the first girl some more, yeah! What a nice couple of girls! Two hot girls, two tight pussies! This locker room pervert got a dream come true. My favorite part of this hot threesome is watching as naked girls offer themselves for a good pussy pounding. They took turns riding his huge cock and sitting on each other’s face!   If you are wondering what makes the sexy teen girls from Teens Love Huge Cocks so special, it’s without a doubt their love for having the biggest cocks in porn fucking their throats, pussies and assholes in front of the camera! That’s right, this is the porn site for naughty big cock loving teen sluts that wanna choke and gag on massive boners! They have been fantasizing for too long about sucking and licking massive dicks and here we give it to them hard! Watch as their tight pussies and assholes get stretched out beyond their limits!