My sexy blonde girlfriend spent the whole day at the mall, but that’s just fine, cuz when I came home from work the spunky little slut was waiting for me in bed, wearing the sexy new lingerie she bought at the mall! She began passing her hands all over her sexy body while talking dirty to me, making my dick get hard as a rock under my pants. She’s beautiful, has tan skin, nice legs, nice titties, a lovely pussy and ass. Just one look at that tight little body and that captivating look and sexy smile of hers was driving me crazy. She bit her lips while checking out my throbbing bulge removing her bra and exposing her gorgeous breasts and perky nipples as she reached out for my hard cock and took it in her hands, stroking it and taking it to her wet lips and slick tongue. I love the way she sucks my dick while giving me a handjob at the same time, but I wanted to see her remove her sexy lace panties so I could play with her dripping wet twat! She spread her legs and rubbed her bald smooth pussy lips for me. My sexy girlfriend lifted her legs and I put the head of my dick between her moist pussy lips, slowly sliding my hard dick in until I was all the way into her tight pussy. I started pumping her wet pussy with my hard-on, watching the sexy expression of lust, pleasure and desire on her slutty face. Her pussy felt so tight and wet while I plunged my cock in and out of her and she placed her hands over my thighs. I began pumping her pussy even faster, making her beautiful titties shake to my powerful stroke. After giving her a good missionary fuck I laid on my back and my naked girl straddled herself atop my lap, letting my dick sink slowly into her wet twat as she rode me. She bopped her juicy bubble butt up and down my rod and brushed her titties against my face. She loves being on top since this means she can control the speed and rhythm of our fucking, but soon I had her cradled between my arms, fucking her in standing position while squeezing her butt cheeks with my hands. I got her back on top so she could ride my dick some more, pushing herself up and down my body, begging me to fuck her harder, faster and deeper. My girlfriend wanted me to fuck her doggy style, I flipped her over on her hands and knees and rammed my hard dick between her ass cheeks hard and fast. My hot crazy girlfriend didn’t want to stop, we kept doing it for 40 minutes and we did it in all of the positions until I was ready to blow my load, pull out of her snatch and blow my creamy load all over her open mouth, her cute face and her sexy naked body! That’s the way my sexy girlfriend loves me to fuck her!   With real amateur girls in every single video, MOFOS is definitely the king of amateur porn on the web, with a 30+ site network with thousands of amateur girls, user submitted videos, daily updates and 100% exclusive content you can’t find anywhere else! These teen girls have never taken off their clothes in front of a camera, much less sucked cock and got their tight fuck holes stuff and pounded, but there’s always a first time for everything and MOFOS makes sure you get to watch as these amateur babes turn into hot porn stars! Check out their amateur videos and girls now!