For the ass lovers we have a great update! That ass is just perfect, not small and bony like most teen girls, but developed and rounded with just enough fullness to wrap a hard dick in. This spunky blonde teen slut has a juicy bubble butt and she knows it! She struts her stuff all over the beach, shaking, twerking and grinding her tight ass all over the beach in her sexy swimsuit, looking for the right guy to help her apply sun lotion to her tender 18 year old body! It doesn’t take her long to find that guy, a horny dude ogling over her teen bubble butt. She doesn’t want no tan lines, so he peels the bikini bottom down her sexy ass and admire the crack of her ass and that delicious tender asshole as he pours lots of oily sun lotion and rubs it all over her ass and long sexy legs! She crawls around the sand in the nude and lets the waves spank her amazing ass, checking out the little droplets of salty water left dripping down her juicy buns! They leave the beach and head to the house he’s staying at, close to the beachfront. They dip into the pool and she starts smoking his hard cock, stuffing her sexy little mouth with it. They get out and he lies on his back in one of the pool chairs as she squats over his dick, her juicy ass still slippery and glistening with tanning lotion as she impales her muff on his big dick and rides him. He grabs her ass cheeks and pulls her up and down his pole, just watching that slippery ass bouncing on his dick and smearing sun lotion all over his lap. His dick keeps slipping out of her cunt and she pops it right back inside so she can ride his sausage like a dirty little fuck slut. He pops his finger in her tight asshole and this gets her even hornier as she bops up and down his big dick. He puts the hot little teen slut down on all fours and penetrates her from behind, fucking her doggie style and she knows those people in the yachts along the shore can see them fucking and that makes her feel like the nastiest fuck slut at the beach and she just loves it! Watch her ride his hard cock and get showered in his creamy load!   It’s time for these extra small 18 year old teen girls to know what it feels like having a massive cock pounding their tight pussies, their tender assholes and their tiny mouths in hardcore XXX action that can only be enjoyed right here at Exxxtra Small! Watch these teens strip naked, suck their lovers’ huge cocks and lick their balls before they get fucked hard up their pussy and ass! They blow their creamy loads all over their sexy faces and hot naked bodies and they still want more! More hard cocks, more hot semen, and more hardcore fucking fun!