A pool party with hot girls is always a special occasion, especially when it turns into a sexual frenzy as is the case in our next video. What could be better than two hot sluts with great body and killer tits? I particularly enjoy watching these hot girls in action as they give blowjob right in the pool and get fucked hard in the hottest MMFF foursome ever. This naughty blonde and brunette decided to have a party at the pool in their backyard and they invited a couple of studs to join them. While the blonde teases her stud showing him her titties and hard nipples, her friend is way ahead of the game, with her mouth stuffed with her stud’s hard cock as she gives him head by the pool. The blonde grabs her stud’s throbbing member and takes it to her wet mouth, sucking and licking it as her friend gives her guy’s ball an intense tongue massage. Probably not the first time these sluts have big dicks in their mouth. The blonde jerks her man’s rod with a dirty look on her face. He gets behind her brunette friend, bends her over and starts banging her pussy from behind while the blonde joins her in sucking her stud’s succulent cock. One of the girls gets out of the pool and spreads her legs over a towel so her guy can fuck her in missionary position on the yard. These two naughty fuck sluts enjoy banging outdoors, their horny neighbors can watch them from their bedroom windows or from behind the picket fences and that’s a turn on for them. The girls know they’re probably masturbating while wishing they could be there banging them too! The brunette gets down on her hands and knees so her guy can penetrate and fuck her pussy from behind doggie style while she plays around with her sexy blonde friend. Now the brunette is getting spit roasted, her mouth stuffed by one hard cock at one end and her pussy pounded hard by her other lover at the other end! Her big tits sway back and forth while she gets stuffed at both ends like a thanksgiving turkey! The guy behind her is fucking her in the cartwheel position, with her standing on the palms of her hands with her legs wrapped around his waist while he penetrates her! They all get inside and the brunette gets fucked hard over the pool table while her slutty friend rides her man’s cock in cowgirl position in the corner. He flips her over and as she squats over his knees, he plows her hard and fast with his throbbing member. Watch these dirty girls getting fucked hard from every angle and finally showered in hot cum by their lovers!   I Know That Girl makes all your real amateur fantasies cum true as their cameras film the hottest real life amateur girls, and you just might see somebody you know! Watch sexy amateur girls strip naked, suck dick, fuck and get jizz all over their faces and bodies in XXX hardcore action! Could be a girl you know from college, from work, or from where you live, just don’t tell! Regular updates bring you new sexy scenes, and these hot naked girls will keep you at the edge of your seat and make you want to come back for more!