What a beautiful woman and with such a tight, curvy, solid body, with boobs that are absolute perfection. Absolutly perfect, bald, smooth pussy, fat outer lips and hidden inner lips waiting to get unwrapped and fucked hard. Just like the rest of her, her ass is completely flawless. This sexy girlfriend loves getting her top pulled up and her pierced nipples played with, the only problem is, the guy playing with them is definitely not her boyfriend! Their play time is interrupted by a call from her actual boyfriend, who lets her know he’s going to pass around the house to leave her monthly allowance, giving her lover time to hide in the closet! Poor guy gives his girlfriend his hard earned money so he can pamper and spoil her, and it’s her lover rubbing those bills against her pussy! He pulls her panties aside and rams his hard cock into her dripping wet twat, right on top of the expensive couch her boyfriend picked for her at the furniture shop! What a cheating slut! He squeezes her big tits and she rubs her clit while getting fucked by his throbbing member and telling him how much better he’s in bed than her boyfriend. He puts the dirty slut on her hands and knees and pounds her pussy from behind doggie style and she squeals like a dirty pig, if only her boyfriend could hear her and realize the filthy tramp she is! He pumps her shaved twat with dick meat and she takes every single inch, before popping his cock into her wet mouth so she can suck on it. She has the absolute most perfect PHAT (Pussy, Hips, Ass, Thighs). If you like bouncing round buttocks you can really soak your brains in this amazing sex tape. With her back and juicy bubble butt facing him, the slutty girlfriend impales her hot pussy on his hard dick and rides him in reverse cowgirl, and then he places her sexy body sideways on the couch and penetrates and fucks her from behind. After he’s done banging her, he blows his creamy load all over her big tits and her dirty face! Cheating girlfriends are the hottest fucks! She is so hot, thank you MOFOS. 