There is something special in having casual sex with a stranger, when a girl gets up on her hands and knees to let some man pound away at her needy twat. This is one amateur sex tape you won’t want to miss! Your girlfriend expects you to always have her on your mind and to never ever forget to pick her up, especially when it’s raining! This guy forgot that cardinal rule and now he’s going to pay the consequences. His sexy girlfriend has been waiting under the rain for hours and she can’t reach him on her phone. When this kind stranger pulls over and sees her so distraught, he offers her a lift and on the way, they start talking and she opens up about her boyfriend and relationship frustrations. She can tell this guy gets it, he totally gets it. He gets her! He totally gets her! And that turns her on! She flirts with him, she teases him, she seduces him, and she likes it, likes it a lot. Her clothes are kinda wet, and her panties are drenched in her pussy juices. She likes the way he looks at her, she likes the way he looks at her body, she loves the way his cock is throbbing under his jeans. They pull over and the teen slut drops to her knees, stroking his hard cock and taking it to her wet lips and tongue. He bends her over and penetrates her from behind as she pulls off her dress and he fondles her full breasts. This girl seems to love casual sex and I love how she moves her pelvis when he fucks her from behind. They fuck by his car, in the middle of nowhere, and it’s so fucking hot. Her boyfriend is the last thing on her mind, she just wants to get fucked hard by her new lover. The naked couple gets inside the car and she rides his dick, she’s so turned on, instead of taking off her panties she rips them right off her body! She likes to ride that hard dick, and watching her bubble ass in action, bouncing up and down, is a real treat! Somewhere in the middle of the casual sex she says “please cum in my pussy!”, so hot. Watch him blowing a big load of sperm deep inside her, leaving her naked with cum dripping pussy in the back seat of his car! 