A truly beautiful girl-next-door type with a girly slim figure that could kill, beautiful long luxurious silky hair, pretty face, green eyes, tiny titties and lovely pussy. This sexy blonde teen just turned 18 and although her parents had dreams for her of maybe becoming a doctor, a psychologist or even a respected writer, she had some dreams of her own, very dirty, filthy ones that involved her becoming a world famous porn star! Now that she’s independent, she is free to pursue these wet, sexy dreams and make them cum true! It doesn’t take her long to get a call back from a casting company and she finds herself sucking a hard cock in front of the camera for the very first time in her life, but she knows this will definitely not be the last! The young small girl licks the stud’s big balls and enjoys him slapping her tongue with his dick, stuffing her mouth with it and tasting his delicious precum. He fucks her little mouth holding her head with both hands, slapping his balls against her chin. He lays her sideways on the casting couch and penetrates her beautiful bald pussy with his huge throbbing cock and she moans and grunts delighted as the camera captures her sensual naked body getting pounded hard by her stud. He’s fucking her faster and faster and you can hear these big balls slap against her wet pussy lips. He piston fucks her pink shaved cunt and she caresses his big balls with her soft hands while sucking his dick and tasting her pussy on his hard cock. Then naked girl straddles herself atop and impales her snatch on his boner, riding her man on the couch. This blonde teen doesn’t need to act or pretend, she is really enjoying this fuck in front of the cameras, she is a natural! Her juicy bubble shaped ass bounces up and down her guy’s lap as she presses her hot naked body against his own and her big tits against his face. He grabs her lovely ass with both hands, pushing it up and down against his pole. Holding her by the thighs, he lifts her and keeps fucking her in standing position, then he places her back on the couch, banging her pussy in missionary position. She likes every single position her man puts her in and she just wants to keep fucking and fucking as long as he can go. The camera is in love with her and everybody behind the scene is jerking off to this hot blonde newcomer as she takes her stud to the point of no return, eager to get her filthy face splattered with hot cum for the cameras! Just imagine the look on her face if he had shot that load inside her. Naomi is one of the most beautiful performers do scenes today. I prefer to see her doing girls but any scene is a winner! She’s amazing! So intelligent, interesting to listen to, so beautiful, so sexy. Awesome tight little hottie with beautiful eyes and skin! I look forward to seeing more of her art… I just hope she doesn’t get all tattooed like most of the girls. By the way, does she look like the dragon queen from GOT?   At Reality Kings, the hottest and sexiest young teen girls get the fuck of their lives! If you enjoy busting a nut to intense porn action starring amateur teen sluts in need of a hard cock, sticky cum or a dripping wet twat, this site is just for you! These gorgeous girls are fucking their way to success and they will do anything, and I mean anything for a chance to get laid! Watch them in tantalizing hardcore XXX action, dropping to their knees to suck a hard cock, letting their lovers fuck their pussy and ass before blowing their load all over their faces!