We’ve got another threesome for you. Boyfriend filming and fucking his hot girlfriend and her sexy best friend! When this guy walks in and finds his sexy tiny girlfriend hanging out with her friend and having the hottest lesbian make out session, he doesn’t hesitate to take out the camera and start filming them! This shit doesn’t happen every day so you need proof, you know? As the girls strip each other out of their sexy lingerie is a great start to this homemade sextape The best friend, a tall, spunky brunette, is a bit shy at first, but the girlfriend, a sexy petite blonde, cheers her on and soon the girls are both sucking the boyfriend’s throbbing member together while he films them! Gf’s best friend enjoys his hard cock and then the girlfriend shows her how she swallows her bf’s cock. After these two teen sluts suck his dick they make out, tasting his hard cock on their lips and tongues and the hot little blonde gets down on her hands and knees, lifting her juicy bubble butt so her boyfriend can plow her from behind while her best friend watches them! He bangs her hard and the best friend plays with her body and the blonde flips over into missionary position so she can have her friend sit on her face and so lick her twat while her boyfriend continues fucking her tight pussy. After such a great fuck, it’s only fair that her best friend gets a chance to know what that cock feels like, so she invites her to straddle up on top of his hard cock and ride him in reverse cowgirl while they both make out! Now the girls are taking turn riding on his dick and masturbating while watching the other have fun on his rock hard cock! He always fantasized with getting the chance to fuck his girlfriend’s hot best friend, but he never imagined he’d be able to do so, not only with his girlfriend’s permission and blessing, but in the same room, watching them have hot lesbian sex together and even letting him get it all on film! He just hopes that this isn’t one of those “one time only” events and that this becomes something regular, because it sure is fun to fuck that spunky brunette babe that her girlfriend calls her best friend and he wishes he can keep on doing so. I think my favorite part is when naked girls are on their backs with legs spread open letting him pick which pussy to pound! After fucking them both, the naughty girls lie on their back and open up wide as the boyfriend blows his load all over their bodies, splattering hot and creamy cum into their mouths and all over their cute faces, their tits and their hot naked bodies!   Real teens get exposed at GF Leaks and you can come inside and watch it happen! These raunchy real life girlfriends are wild, sexy and they love to fuck! That’s why they let their friends and boyfriends take their pictures and film them as they take off their clothes, play with themselves, have hot lesbian sex with their girl friends, suck their boyfriends’ hard cocks and get fucked very hard and covered in hot, creamy cum! When their homemade videos and amateur sex tapes get leaked, well, you know where to come and find them! New girlfriends and leaks added regularly!