Now that is some real ass. Probably one of the most sexy and most beautiful curvy girl of this month. Top 5 ass in porn, no questionn. 11 inches is all the motivation this bitch needs for a hardcore fuck with her trainer! The secret to the perfect workout is motivation, and motivation works differently depending on the person. For this girl, an eleven inch cock is all the motivation needed to get her working out like a pro! As soon as she discovers this interesting fact about her personal trainer, she is ready and eager to go all the way to show him she has motivation up the ass! Matter of fact, she sits on his face and rubs her juicy bubble butt all over it, feeling his wet tongue wriggling in her pussy and asshole! Love how she is not afraid to smother the guy with that great ass. As he eats her out, she grabs his 11 inch unit and sucks on it. She is amazing, and she can deep throat the Hell out of a big cock! The sexy babe takes him to the bedroom so she can devour his big dick and play with his balls! He puts her down on all fours, pours baby oil all over her ass crack and snatch and proceeds to give her hardcore fuck she will always remember! He pops a finger up her tight asshole while pounding her pussy from behind and the double penetration sends waves of lust up and down her spine. She looks over her shoulder at her lover with a slutty look on her dirty face, begging him to fuck her harder, faster and deeper! It seems her trainer really knows what butt workout is. After fucking these round mounds of her ass doggie style he lies on his back and the naughty bitch straddles herself atop his throbbing boner and rides her personal trainer while he holds her juicy bubble butt in his hands. She rides that huge cock like a cowboy riding a bull. Nice job. Nice round ass bouncing on the long cock. She can feel his hard cock piston fucking her dripping wet pussy, giving her the best fuck/workout and she can’t wait for him to pull out of her cunt and spray her naked body, her big tits and her slutty face with his hot, sticky cum! 