Science of sex has gone a long way and virtual reality is the next big thing, but you have to get sure you don’t have any annoying bugs or glitches in the system, so these two hot teen girls, a blonde and brunette, are hired to test a new virtual reality helmet on a series of patients. The girls are as excited as their first patient to see how this new technology for sexual wellness works out. They make him take a seat in the consult room and place the VR helmet over his face and run the software simulation. It seems to be working, and he seems to be having so much fun, the girls want to join in too! The teen sluts help him undress and get comfortable, stroking his hard cock as he explores the sexy virtual landscape. The girls sucking his cock and licking his balls together add some enticing reality to the mix, lol! Of course it helps that their patient has such a big, hard, juicy cock! The patient stands and the girls naked are on their knees, taking turns sucking his huge cock and balls. The blonde removes her panties so her companion can lick her pussy and as while she keeps sucking the patient’s dick. These teens are so fuckin hot together! This is the one of best dick sucking I’ve ever seen. It’s really hot watching experienced girl like Marsha work with a newbie. The lucky guy gets back on the seat and the brunette straddles herself atop his hard huge cock, as the blonde guides it into her friend’s dripping wet pussy and impales her on it. She rubs her muff while watching her friend bouncing up and down that big, delicious erection. Naked girls make out, exchanging wet sloppy kisses as the brunette gets fucked so hard and the blonde rubs her clit. The brunette gets off his cock and the blonde strokes and sucks it, joined by her friend, who takes care of his big balls. Now it’s the hot blonde’s turn to straddle up on top of his dick and ride him in cowgirl posture. She can feel that thick cock stuffing her and her friend’s hands all over her ass, so fucking hot! Gotta love sweet little teen girl and the way her pussy lips look stretched around that cock. The girls continue making out while the blonde humps her patient. They get side by side, rubbing his cock between their juicy butts. The double cheek-fuck dick riding is awesome! Hot teen girls massage his dick with their ass before he fucks them in missionary and the experiment comes closer and closer to an explosive end!   Tiny teens go as deep as they can right here at Teens Love Huge Cocks! These hot 18 year old teen sluts get turned on by massive cocks and they love to suck them, bend open, spread their legs and get their tight holes stretched out and pounded hard by the biggest, thickest, hardest cocks in porn! Enjoy watching these girls gag and choke as they attempt to deepthroat these massive 10+ inch erections and see their sexy teen faces totally covered in loads of hot cum after their pussies and assholes get pounded harder than ever in their lives!