Yet another new, fine, perky body, raven, tiny tit, yet curvvy beauty!!! When her parents hired a professional chef to cook Christmas dinner this petite teen never imagined that the turkey on the kitchen counter wasn’t the only thing getting stuffed, but she was about to find out! As well as her parents never even considered the possibility that the old pervert stuffed their young daughter with a huge load of his sticky cum. The teen girl decided to keep an eye on the new chef to make sure he knew what he was doing. She went to the kitchen to serve herself some snacks, curious about the chef’s turkey stuffing technique. He told her he’d be please to show her his technique, but she had to do exactly as he told her, no questions asked! She agreed and soon found herself down on all fours over the kitchen counter, right on top of the turkey tray, with the pervy cook finger fucking her pussy! There was definitely stuffing going on, just not the way she figured! Wanting to get stuffed with something bigger and thicker than the chef’s finger, the naughty teen slut straddled herself atop his throbbing member and guided it into her tight muff, impaling herself on it and grabbing on to the roof as she bounced up and down his turkey baster! The chef held petite naked girl by her hips as she rode his erection, holding on tight as he pounded her faster and deeper or stood still, letting her grind her pussy against his virile member. She flipped over so she could keep riding him in cowgirl position, shaking her tight juicy bubble butt. The old pervert put the young teen girl on her back and pulled her body to the edge of the kitchen counter, penetrating and fucking her in missionary position. The chef’s throbbing member felt so good, his stuffing technique was indeed flawless and she was happy that he decided to share it with an young sexy teen. He made her stand and lean over the kitchen counter, holding on tight as he penetrated and fucked her little pussy from behind in standing position. Her legs could barely hold her and that dick kept stuffing her pussy better than any of her sex toys ever had, too bad Christmas is only once a year! She pressed her titties and face over the kitchen counter and begged the chef to blow his load inside her, feeling him cum, flooding her pussy with semen and leaving a sticky creampie oozing from her pink pussy lips! Love this girl.. She is gonna be a star.. DON’T MISS more of her here:   Young, fun and full of cum girls!!! Are you in the mood for hot creampied, extra small, young naked girls? Then come on over to Extra Small, where the hottest teens enjoy huge cocks and creampies! These small girls love huge cocks, hardcore sex and the feeling of a sticky creampie oozing form their pussies and dripping down their hot naked bodies after getting fucked hard in front of the cameras while you watch and enjoy!