Three sexy teen girls getting fucked together, this is how Paradise must look! What else would any man ever need…? This short haired blonde and her two best friends forever, a sexy brunette and a hot long haired blonde are practicing yoga in the patio when her pervert stepdad comes over, decided to show the girls some “special exercises”! His stepdaughter watches surprised as he gets behind her friends and fondles their thighs and asses, and she’s even more surprised when he rubs against her too! She can feel his throbbing member through the fabric of his shorts, rubbing against her ass and twat. It’s uncomfortable at first, but pretty soon she knows her panties are soaking wet and she’s terribly turned on. She can imagine her best friends are too! Her stepdad steps it up a notch, whipping his sausage out and rubbing it against her ass and he teaches the girls a different pose, so he can grope and fondle their breasts! His stepdaughter decides it’s just about time her mom realized she married a creep, so she whips out her phone and starts filming. He’s not sure what’s going on now, but when his stepdaughter drops to her knees and starts sucking his cock, he forgets about the filming. When you have three hot teen sluts that are all about getting naked and fucked, there’s nothing to do but go with the flow! While the brunette holds his hands back, his naked stepdaughter straddles herself atop his hard cock and rides him, with the other friend filming it all! He can’t believe he’s finally getting to fuck his very own stepdaughter, with her hot best friends watching, filming and stripping naked to take her place on top of his hard cock! His stepdaughter flips over and continues riding his hard cock in reverse cowgirl, and he’s too concentrated on her sexy bubble butt to figure out the footage they are getting of him fucking them is going to come back and kick him in the ass! He places his sexy stepdaughter resting on her back and spreads her long, sexy legs, pounding her tight, dripping wet pussy in missionary position and telling her how much better a fuck she is than her mom! Naked girls are watching the action unfold and they know they will also get their chance to get fucked by their best friend’s dirty stepfather! The girls hope he has as much fun while they fuck him as they will have when they show the sex video they filmed to everyone! You won’t want to miss more crazy threesome, foursome and more-some sex scenes with the hottest teens ever:   Best Friends Forever stick together through thick and thin and they share it all, and that’s absolutely all! From clothes and make up, to sex toys and lovers! These teens are best friends forever and they love doing everything together, stripping naked, masturbating, having hot lesbian sex and getting fucked hard by their lovers! After all, they say that friends who fuck together stay together forever and that’s the idea! Camp counselors, soccer girls, ballerinas, schoolgirls, sexy coeds… see these beautiful young naked girls masturbate while watching their friends get fucked hard and wait for their turn to fuck and suck cock, sharing every single last drop of cum too!