Thanksgiving used to suck for this guy when he was younger, he was the only child, and his parents were always arguing! But now that they got divorced and his dad remarried, Thanksgiving is a blast! After all, he gets to pass time with his sexy stepsister and his dad’s new wife is laid back and there’s never any fighting in the house! It’s Thanksgiving evening and his stepsister walks into his bedroom to wake him up from his nap. The little girl pulls down the covers and realizes her stepbrother is totally naked and she can’t help admiring his sexy body, his hairy legs… and that morning wood! Maybe she’ll sneak in an early Thanksgiving treat! His dick looks so nice that the teen girl can’t stop herself from touching his morning wood, tasting it and kissing it. His naughty stepsister gently takes his cock to her wet mouth, feeling it get bigger and harder as he wakes up, startled to see his very own stepsister sucking his dick! He likes it, but the family is downstairs waiting for them! They dress and rendezvous in the kitchen, where his dad and his stepmom are. While their parents talk, he gets close to his stepsis and reaches under her tight red dress and purple panties, rubbing her muff while their parents prep the bird, lol! If they only knew their kids are cooking something of their own too! The family sits at the dinner table and while they give thanks the little teen slut reaches under the table and rubs his bulge over his pants, well, there’s something she’s thankful for! He gets up and excuses himself and she follows, and once in his room, he spreads her legs and eats her out! His sexy step sister strips naked on his bed and bends over on her hands and knees as she penetrates her from behind, stuffing her pussy with his cock. This girl looks amazing – small, petite, young naked girl, who definitely wants to get her little pussy fucked hard. She pushes her juicy bubble butt against his cock and he slaps it, it feels so fucking good and so fucking dirty to be fucking her very own stepbrother, she loves it! The little teen slut sits on his dick and rides him, and then he flips her on her back, spreads her legs wide, and fucks her in missionary position. She puts his cock in her mouth and sucks it like crazy. Good thing the parents are busy downstairs and don’t notice how long they’re taking to come back to the dinner table! This gives him time to stuff his stepsister like a thanksgiving turkey, just with lots of hot cum instead of stuffing, lol! I like the way he holds her mouth with his hand when she cums, awesome. He fucks his little step sister and finally cums in her. This crazy family is fucked UP. Click here for more amazing scenes:   Sex and porn runs in the family right here at Family Strokes! A natural mix of the neighborhood mature stepmoms, older stepdads, barely legal stepsisters and even the college going stepbrother falling into some serious family fun. In this age of the extended family, nothing is taboo behind closed doors. These step-family relations can lead to some awkward, and not to mention promiscuous good times, and you get to see it all happen here, with tons of hardcore videos featuring stepdaughter, stepbrother, stepdad and stepmom action! The best threesome and foursome scenes with young teen girls and sexy naked women. Cum inside and find out how these step relatives learn how to bond XXX style. Watch all their taboo sexual adventures!