Sexy babysitter caught snapping nude selfies with her friend while on the clock! You won’t want to miss these beautiful and extremely hot naked women in a hot threesome! When this couple hired this babysitter to look after their kids while they went to the movies, they expected her to be a slut. They just didn’t expect her to be one while on the clock! Just to make sure, they get back home 15 minutes earlier than expected and they catch the teen girl with a hot girl friend, snapping nude selfies of each other! The girls are appalled and embarrassed and the couple lets the girlfriend go, but they make the babysitter stay so they can have a serious talk with her. Well, it’s not so much a serious talk. Thing is, this woman and her husband got pretty turned on watching a young busty teen with her friend, so they invite her to have a threesome with them. It’s no surprise that the sexy teen slut agrees! They take her to the bathroom and the wife sucks on her nipples and feels up her big tits and takes her to their king sized bed, where she removes her drenched panties, spreads her legs and eats her out, licking her dripping wet tight twat. Her round ass and that smooth, bald, tiny pussy look incredible. Their naked babysitter drops to her knees and swallows the husband’s huge throbbing cock while his wife watches by her side, kissing her lips and making her lick his balls. The MILF makes the teen slut bend over so she can keep licking her pussy and her delicious asshole, lubing her up so her husband can pound her muff from behind with his massive dick! The young girl loves being dominated and fucked hard by her bosses and she really hopes they keep hiring her from now on, because she loves his hard cock and her dripping wet twat and the way they make her cum while banging her in this hot threesome fuck! His wife undresses and shows how she love to ride the husband’s dick. This woman has absolutely gorgeous body and she has incredible dick riding skills. Ashley was perfect for this! She exhilarates the scene and is an amazing actress with a perfect face and body. Totally made this scene. Kimber looks innocent and perfect for the babysitter part. Well done MOFOS! 