It’s XMAS and we’re continuing bring you the most passionate and hottest films around! This girlfriend is absolutely amazing, she has everything, the body, the pussy, enthusiasm! To say SHE IS HOT, would be to say nothing. Nothing sexiest than a naked girl taking a shower, especially if she is so hot. It’s not surprising that her boyfriend brought a camera. She takes a shower with lots of liquid soap and the main attraction is her fantastic boobs and juicy ass, with her boyfriend, spreading her ass cheeks with her hands and lathering up her asshole while he watches and films her! The slutty girlfriend is surprised by how big and hard his cock is from watching her clean her ass, what a turn on! She drops on her knees in the tub and sucks his throbbing dick, lubing it up with her drool so he can penetrate and fuck her wet pussy! Naked girl turns over, bends and spreads her ass cheeks with her hands again as he penetrates her pussy and begins fucking her in the shower! He smacks her ass and she bites her lip, they haven’t fucked this way in such a long time, it feels like when they first began dating! I love the way her back arches and her hips rock back to get her fuck hole filled that much faster. The teen slut drops to her knees and deepthroats his member, thick ropes of saliva dripping from the sides of her mouth and down her chin. He bens her over the tub, drool still dripping from her chin, and penetrates her from behind, pounding her even harder and deeper than before! While fucking her, he inserts a finger up her asshole and she feels her anal sphincter opening up and stretching out as he forces it in, double penetrating her. He pops his dick out of her twat and rams it up her asshole! They never had anal sex before, and as it turns out, they are both quite interested in fulfilling this fantasy. It’s so big, she can feel her asshole stretching out and sucking his cock all the way in! He covers her mouth to muffle her screams as he fucks her asshole and pussy! She turns over so she can suck his cock and taste her pussy and asshole on it while he finger fucks her butthole, she feels like a dirty anal whore and she loves this new and empowering sensation! Then his sexy naked girlfriend goes to the bedroom and he spread eagles her on their bed and keeps fucking all her holes until he’s ready to cum all over it! Beautiful ass fucking. Everybody should have a girl like this to have fun everyday… MOFOS subscribers enjoy the full movie, JOIN rigth now too:   Amateur porn takes on a whole new meaning when you discover MOFOS, the hottest site on the web for amateur porn! Thousands of gorgeous girls showing off their hottest sexual skills in amateur porn videos! If you have not had the chance to witness beautiful amateur women stripping naked, sucking dick, masturbating, fucking, receiving cumshots, facials and much more, now it’s your chance to catch up with thousands of sexy real amateur girls, user submitted videos and over 30 different sites to you from in this incredible porn network! This is your opportunity to become a perverted amateur explorer!