This breathtaking long haired brunette doll is trying out some hot red lingerie for her date with her boyfriend and she looks so hot, she just can’t help playing a little bit with herself. Thing is, her pervy stepbrother is spying on her from the hallway, and he just can’t help playing a little bit with himself either! He and his step sister both know the other masturbates, but they have never seen each other masturbating. When she realizes he’s there, she heads towards him to berate him for his naughty behavior, until she realizes his dick is getting even bigger and harder. Matter of fact, it looks so big and juicy, her pussy is starting to drip wet too! She grabs him by his dick and takes him into the bedroom, gets down on her knees and starts sucking his cock. She’s fantasized with fucking her own stepbrother for a long time, and why not do him before her boyfriend does her? The teen slut deepthroats his hard member all the way to the base, stroking it as she drools all over it, thick ropes of saliva dripping down as she masturbates him. She gets on her bed and reaches under her red panties, masturbating while he gets behind her, groping her big tits and kissing her neck and shoulders, talking dirty to her ear. He massages her amazing breasts, licking and sucking her nipples and it practically makes her cum on the spot! This girl is great. What a natural beauty. So Hot! I personally am very glad she doesn’t have the nipple piercings in. The naughty stepsister pulls down her sexy thong and straddles herself atop his rock hard cock. This teen slut knows how to fuck! She performs a split as she impales her pussy on it and he pounds her hard from underneath her! She rides his dick and she can’t believe how much bigger and harder than her boyfriend’s it is! From now on he’s moving to the second tier and her stepbrother is taking the top spot on her fuck list! The way this sexy naked babe moves her hips when she rides his dick is beyond description! She has great tits for a girl so young. I could watch these tits bouncing from up and down all day long. She gets down on all fours, expecting to get doggie fucked, but instead, her stepbrother rams his tongue up her asshole, tossing her salad and making her eyes go blank before he jams his dick up her twat and bangs her from behind like a dirty bitch! He relentlessly pounds on her tight pussy and then blasts a huge cumload all over her pretty face. Her boyfriend makes love to her, but her stepbrother is fucking the living daylights out of her! This is the perfect balance she was looking for, from now on; she’s letting her stepbrother bang her pussy before each and every date with her boyfriend! Thank you RK for the amazing Crystal content as you can see she has some devoted fans KEEP IT COMING!   Reality Kings, aka RK, is the place on the web where teen girls get crazy, wild and naked in front of the cameras! With thousands of scenes and girls spread across 38 HD sites, every single moment gets captured in high quality as these teen sluts are seduced by guys, girls and mature men and women, stripped naked and fucked very hard! Watch them in solo, couples, threesomes, wild sex parties, sex orgies and much more! These hardcore videos show you the hottest teen amateurs in the raunchiest XXX action! Enjoy them sucking dick, eating pussy, masturbating and taking amazing cumshots!