Hot blonde’s relaxing morning massage turns into hardcore fucking! It doesn’t take long for this babe to spread her legs wide open on the massage table and moving on to a much naughtier foreplay. Ok, after her therapist tells her that she needs to pamper herself, this sexy blonde checks into a luxurious resort to give herself some love! On the first night she books an early morning relaxing massage at the resort’s spa and she’s quite excited when she sees how hot, handsome and sexy the male masseuse they assigned her is. She has no problem at all getting naked and laying down on the massage table, and as his oiled up hands run all over her naked body, she moves sensually, responding to his touch and letting him know she’s getting very aroused by it. Her long legs, her sexy little ass, everything looks gorgeous! As his hands dig between her ass crack, stimulating her naked pussy, she moans and squirms, pushing her pelvis up and down as he teases her. He jams his thumb into her pussy, finger fucking her, then makes her turn over and runs his hands all over her small tits and her pussy. He finger fucks her some more, rubbing her clit and making her oiled up body spasm and convulse with orgasms. She knows that this relaxing massage is about to turn into a hardcore fucking session and she can’t wait for it to happen! Unable to resist any more, she grabs his bulge over his pants and caresses it, feeling its hardness and the way it throbs. She unzips him, grabs his thick rod and strokes it with both hands as he masturbates her, licking his balls and sucking his dick. Naked girl squats over him and massages his hard throbbing cock with her pussy lips, so hot! She impales her dripping wet pussy on it, riding her masseuse hard. He massages her vagina with his hard dick in doggy style on the floor, making her cum over and over. She has several orgasms in different poses until he’s ready to cum hard, blowing jizz all over her face and oily body! This is the most relaxing massage and the best hardcore fuck she ever got! 