Three sexy freshman girls fucked hard by three huge black cocks in the best interracial action of the year! You won’t want to miss this amazing sixsome! Our first interracial video of the new year is a total hit. Beautiful Elsa and her smoking hot fellow freshman girls are ready for their initiation into their chosen sorority and the girls will do whatever it takes to become full pledged sisters! The lead sister of the sorority meets them at the sorority house and leads them to the master bedroom, where they sit in the king size bed and await for their challenge to come through the door, and it does, in the shape of three handsome black men. If the teen girls can satisfy these well hung black studs and endure their huge ebony cocks, they will pass their initiation. It’s going to be a very long night! Three blonde beauties strip down to their white cotton socks and lingerie, dropping to their knees so they can suck the massive black members displayed before them. Young white girls suck and stroke the big chocolate poles and get their mouths and throats fucked hard by them. Elsa takes the lead, stroking several of the black cocks at the same time and soon all three naked girls are straddled up atop their black lovers, riding them hard and fast. Their juicy bubble butts bounce up and down the lengthy ebony rods and after their ride; they are placed side by side, down on all fours and penetrated from behind, doggie style fucked by their mocha lovers. The girls struggle to keep those thick, hard rods inside them; they are just so fucking big! Elsa encourages her fellow freshman girls to keep it up, sucking those hard cocks, licking those ebony balls and letting their black studs fuck each and every tight fuck hole in their bodies until their lovers cum, blasting loads of hot, creamy cum deep inside their little pussies! What could be better then cumming inside of a sweet little pussy? I say, three sweet little pussies dripping with cum together! Enjoy triple creampie! Spectacular and very special. 