Perfect start to the new year! This little teen girl is irresistible. She looks so innocent but fucks with such energy! The way her tight tiny body takes that huge cock is amazing! You won’t want to miss this video. This single dad has been hiring the some babysitter for some months now, so they build up a pretty neat relationship, and it’s not unusual for them to chit chat about their personal lives. She’s curious about why he’s been single for such a long time after splitting with his ex-wife and when he tells her he has a hard time finding the right girl that can handle his package, she can’t believe it can actually be so big as to become a relationship deal breaker! When he shows it to her, she’s amazed at how big and thick it is, he wasn’t bullshitting her! Wait until you see it hard, baby! This sexy teen babysitter may be petite and tight, but she’s up for a challenge, and she believes she can take on such a huge member! He pops his massive sausage in her tiny mouth and tries mouth fucking her, but with just the tip and a few more inches of his man meat down her throat, she’s already choking and gagging! Not that she’s going to give up so easy! She spits over his cock and spreads it all over his rod with her hands, stroking his huge cock and raising it so she can lick his big balls. He fucks her mouth some more, watching those thick ropes of saliva dripping down her chin. After stripping her naked, she asks, if such a big dick would fit into a small girl like she? Only one way to find out! He pulls of her soaking wet panties, spread eagles her on the living room couch and starts penetrating her tiny 18 year old pussy slowly, enjoying every inch as he buries his huge love muscle deep inside. Small girl rubs her clit and grabs her tits and pushes them together while he pounds her tight snatch, she can feel the way that big, thick cock is stretching her pussy already and it feels so fucking good! He lies on his back and she squats over his dick, impaling her pussy on it, riding him while her tits bounce up and down as she continues rubbing her clit. The petite girl squeals like a bitch in heat, stuffed like a turkey by his massive member, feeling it throbbing and pulsating inside her! She flips over so she can keep riding his cock while pushing her tits against his face, eager to discover how thick and creamy a load a cock so big can splatter all over her dirty face and open mouth! This is so much more fun than babysitting his kids! You can tell she loves getting fucked and has the perfect little body. Thank you EXXXTRASMALL, hold on to this firecracker. Please continue to delight us with great little stars!   If you enjoy watching tiny, petite, tight, 18 year old teen sluts taking on huge cocks, Exxxtra Small is just the site for your viewing pleasure! Here you get to see small teens tasting the biggest dicks in their lives! Enjoy the astonished look when they see their guys’ big dicks, so much bigger and harder than they ever imagined! These young girls will struggle to suck them and make them fit their tight pussies and gaping assholes! Cum and watch the hottest and tightest teen sex holes getting stretched out and covered in hot, sticky loads of cum!