Just take a look at that scene! Girl masturbates looking at her stepfather fucking her sister! Yes, you heard it right! Pick a good seat because you won’t want to miss this show. Three naked girls getting fucked together in a hot foursome is a great way to start the New Year!!! These sexy sisters invited their best girlfriend to sleep over and they are so excited! But they’re not the only ones! Their horny stepfather is pretty excited too, because he gets to spy on the girls and see his hot stepdaughters and their sexy friend getting naked and doing all sorts of naughty stuff together! The girls eventually slip into their jammies and go to bed and he decides to film them while they are sleeping, what a perv! As he films one of the sisters, he caresses her arms and she wakes up, but he tells her to stay quiet. She’s not into the idea at first, but when he begins fondling her tits, her pussy starts getting wet and she gets turned on by the idea of their horny stepdad banging them! He whips out his hard sausage and she strokes it, taking it to her mouth and sucking on it as he pushes her face against his crotch. The little girl spreads her legs and the old pervert begins to eat her out, licking her wet pussy while her other sister and her best friend still sleep. He moves over to the other side of the bed, where the other stepdaughter sleeps, and gives her a sweet wakeup call by rubbing her ass and placing his throbbing member in front of her face! She’s upset at first, looking at his erection, but he says her to shut up and pushes his dick in her mouth. She gives it a good suck down before pulling her panties off while he films her. Her stepdad is such a perv, but she likes where this is going! He pulls her body towards the edge of the bed, spread eagles and begins to rub her slit and her clit with his dick, making her wet. He penetrates her with his hard cock, at first slowly moving his dick in and out of her step daughter and then banging her hard. He forcefully puts his hand over her mouth, to suppress her moans, while pounding her next to her sleeping sister and their girlfriend. Awesome! The daddy takes her place in the bed as she strips fully naked, hops on top of his lap and impales her teen pussy on his dick, riding him hard as fast as sweat pours down her naked body. She knows this will probably wake the girls up but she doesn’t care, she wants them to see how her step daddy fucks her before he fucks them too in a crazy foursome! After riding his dick in reverse cowgirl naked girl flips over so he can pull her body against his and pound her hard to an orgasm. I love how her body begins to wriggle and writhe during an orgasm. She cums again and again, ready to wake her sister and friend up so they can join them! What a sleeping surprise! Don’t miss the opportunity to DOWNLOAD THE FULL VIDEO:   Ever wonder what Best Friends Forever do when they get together behind closed doors? Come find out right here at BFFs, because best friends that fuck together, stay together forever! The secret of being BFFs is sharing, and these naughty teen girls share their clothes, makeup, lingerie, sex toys and also their boyfriends and lovers! These young naked girls love sucking dick together and getting fucked hard as much as masturbating together and having the hottest girl on girl lesbian sex. Watch these girls in a THREESOME, FOURSOME AND MORE-SOME SEX! If you enjoy naked teens, group sex and hot amateur action, BFFs is going to make you blow your load with its incredible content!