Yet another squrting scene with a teen girl. This hot, sexy redhead cheerleader is changing in the locker room, slipping into her red cheerleader skirt when she gets an unexpected visit from the coach! She sees the dirty way he looks at her naked body and notices the massive tent he’s pitching under his gym pants and she knows what this means, it’s her chance to make it all the way up to captain of the cheerleaders, and she’s not letting this opportunity pass her by. The teen babe drops to her knees as the couch rubs his huge cock and big balls all over her cute face and rams his dick all the way down her throat! He bends naked girl over and penetrates her from behind, pounding her tight, dripping wet twat. That flapping, fleshy labia makes her pussy look unusually hot and attractive. It looks pretty hot when he pumps his dick into her in doggy style, making her squirt all over his dick! She squirts so much it’s almost like she’s peeing. He takes a break from banging her and sits on the bench, and the redhead cheerleader slut sucks his hard cock and strokes it, eager to straddle herself atop and feel it sinking inch by inch inside her hot snatch. I don’t usualy like girls with small tits but this babe is so hot. She is a tiny tit girl but she has jutting out and stiff nipples. And “flat top” she might be, but the rest of her sexy body is very curvy indeed. He grabs her juicy bubble but as she bounces up and down his shaft, she has waited so long for this; it’s a long wait to the front of the row to be the coach’s girl, the top bitch, the hottest slut on the team! She wants it bad, as bad as she wants his hard cock and his milky cum! He puts her down on all fours on the bench and makes her suck on his cock some more, then fucks her doggie style, pulling her red hair back like reigns. As she rides his hard cock and the coach stimulates her clit, the naughty cheerleader starts to squirt again, expelling loads of pussy juice that splatters all over the locker room floor! 