This sexy girl dreams of becoming a gifted pianist, but truth be told, she really sucks at it. However, when she gets stressed out and frustrated because she can’t hit the right notes, she unbuttons her blouse and starts touching her beautiful breasts, hiking up her checkered schoolgirl skirt and rubbing her dripping wet twat, giving way to her other talents! This girl looks incredible hot sitting at the piano and masturbating her pussy. She gets onto the bench with her naked ass in the air, rubbing her clit and her wet slit with her hand. You get to ogle her ass crack with a little asshole and her smooth butt cheeks when she spreads her ass with her hands. Her piano teacher loves watching her masturbate and he whips out his hard cock so the slutty teen can suck it. Well, she may suck at playing piano, but she’s a gifted pro at sucking dick, particularly her deepthroating skills! She drools all over that cock, stroking and sucking it all the way down to the base, thick ropes of saliva dripping from her chin. After licking his balls she slaps his hard sausage against her cheeks, smearing them with her saliva and his precum. He lies flat on his back and she leans against the piano as she squats over him and impales her tight pussy on his big cock. The view of his huge cock going deep in her small pussy is something amazing. She rides his dick, grinding and bouncing like a professional pornstar! The teacher bends her over the piano, penetrating and fucking her hard from behind. Yes, this is actually the way she pays for her piano lessons, in case you were curious. As she rides his dick and cums, she squirts, gushing pussy juices all over him, the floor, the piano! She flips over and keeps riding his hard cock, every fucking orgasm makes her squirt like a fountain! On her knees, she sucks his dick to taste her squirt juices on his member and he gives her a creamy facial! Yes, she may be terrible at piano but she loves when a guy cums a lot on her face so she can taste it. This guy can cum multiple times in a row and he is still hard after ejaculating over her face. He pushes his throbbing dick back in her twat immediately afterward. 