This family owned company’s delivery guy has been ordered to take the owner’s teen daughter along on his route. This petite teen girl is so hot. Love seeing innocent hot looking girls get fucked hard by big cock and it seems this guy is going to give her some good dickin. He takes the van to an isolated area and makes this small girl take off her top, fondling and groping her tits. He makes her take off her shorts and cotton panties too, they are already soaked in her juices, little girl got all excited already! He tells her to spread her legs and touch her virgin pussy. He makes her masturbate while watching her and stroking his dick, drawing her towards him and binding her wrists with some rope. He grabs her by her hair and pushes her cute face against his crotch, slapping her cheeks with his dick and making her choke and gag on his hard sausage! The face fuck alone makes this is a great scene! What can be hotter and more exciting than a cute girl gagging with a big cock pushed deep in her throat? Little girl drools all over his dick and he smears her saliva all over her face. Certainly, this is one of the hottest blowjob scenes ever. He uses her sweet little mouth as a fuck hole and then bends her across the passenger seat, so she’s dangling over the window so he can fuck her from behind! The teenage girl is not used to being treated like a fuck slut, but she’ll get used to it alright! After fucking her doggie style he takes her to the back of the van and fucks her in missionary position over some dirty rags. This ain’t no five star luxury hotel, bitch! With a brutal thrust he overcomes the resistance of her tight pussy. The man doesn’t pay any attention to her pleas, he just keeps fucking her harder and faster. He puts her flat on her belly and rams his dick up her snatch, fucking her from behind while on top of her, making her feel like a dirty submissive fuck slut. He pays no regard to her little pussy and simply fucks her like an animal with his cock. When the tiny teen girl screams too loud, he crams her drenched panties in her mouth to muffle her and keeps banging her tender twat! His dick is big, thick and hard and she can feel the way he stretched her pussy lips with every thrust! He pulls her hair back while pounding her from behind, sweat dripping down his body and all over her own, she feels so dirty, so filthy and so turned on at the same time! His balls are slapping against her ass crack as his cock brutally drills into her harder and harder with massive, powerful strokes. Small girl feels how his cock starts to twitch inside her belly, a thick warm jet of his cum fills her vagina. Finally he removes his cock from her violated pussy and gets off of her pretty face.   ExxxtraSmall brings you the very best and the hottest in Tiny Chicks that Love Huge Dicks! These barely legal girls are ready to strip naked in front of the cameras and go wild on these massive cocks in the hottest extreme, brutal, hardcore sex scenes! Petite naked girls sucking big dicks, tiny sluts gagging and choking on hard erections, fun-sized teens spread eagled and fucked hard, bottle rockets getting smutty anal poundings and vertically challenged teen whores receiving intense facials and creamy cumshots! These naughty big-dick craving teens are sure to rock your world.