When this guy comes back home from work, he finds the next door neighbors’ sexy teen daughter relaxing in his deck and texting her friends. He’s fucked several of them and the girls have told her that he has a massive dick, and since she turned 18 a few weeks ago, she wants to see for herself if his dick is as big as everybody says! Her parents won’t be back home until late, so he takes her inside and lets her take a look at his unit. Nice to see big cock worship emphasis again. The moment the young teen girl pulls down on his pants it springs to life like a spring loaded toy! Man, she’s in shock! “OMG, it’s huge! It’s so fucking big!” she says as she licks his rod and balls, choking and gagging on his sausage as she attempts to deepthroat it. He spreads her legs on his couch and she holds them up high as he tries to fit his dick inside her small pussy. He pushes his long dick into her body until her vagina can stretch no more. He pays no regard to the size of her little pussy and simply fucks her dripping wet pussy, stretching it out. She bites her lips and squeals like a dirty pig, she has never felt anything so fucking big inside her tight twat! He holds her by her ankles and pulls her legs apart, fucking her deep and hard and she rubs her clit as he bangs her. He squats over her and jack hammer fucks her. “God, it feels so good!” she whimpers as he pounds her snatch and stretches it out with his gargantuan cock. Petite girl can actually feel the tip of the massive cock slam into her ribcage from the inside! He sits down and makes young naked girl squat over his dick impaling her hot cunt on it and making him ride it in reverse cowgirl flipping her over and pressing her tight body against his own. Grasping her by the waist he puts her down on all fours and begins fucking her doggie style! He fucked her hard, tearing his thick shaft in and out of her, almost removing the meaty cock head from the slit before slamming it back inside her. Check out [8:43] and watch pussy juices literally flowing down her slit With each massive thrust when he pounds her from behind! 