This blonde teen girl thought she could outsmart the store security and tried shoplifting and got busted! The security guard takes her outside and orders her to empty her pockets and the teen, seeing him off guard, kicks him in the nuts and runs off! She sees a guy watching the action unfold from his car and runs to it. The young teen slut gets lucky, because he lets her in and they flee the scene! The guy likes how daring and hot she is, and he wonders how much more daring she can be! She’s more than happy to show him, and thank him for helping her out, by giving him head while he drives! She strokes and sucks his rock hard huge cock and it’s so fucking good, he has to find a place to pull over before he crashes his car against a tree or something. He finds a nice quiet spot and she strips naked on the passenger seat, spreading her legs and rubbing her pussy while he watches, with a dirty look on her slutty face. She straddles herself atop him on the driver’s seat and impales her dripping wet pussy on his hard cock, squatting as he pounds her from underneath her. She leans back and spreads her legs so he can fuck her in missionary too, pulling her top over her tits, groping, squeezing them as he munches on her perky nipples. Getting fucked in a stranger’s car really turns this filthy bitch on! They move to the back seat so they have more space to move around as they fuck and young naked girl straddles herself back on top of his throbbing member and rides him, making her juicy bubble butt bounce up and down his lap as she moans and grunts and begs him to fuck her deeper, faster and much harder! He slaps his huge dick against her tender pussy lips and rubs her muff, popping his dick back inside her and fucking her in reverse cowgirl, reaching over to squeeze her titties and pound her so hard, her head keeps banging against the car roof! This dirty little shoplifting slut can’t wait for her rescuer to blow his load and splatter hot sticky cum all over her face and tits! DON’T FORGET to DOWNLOAD the full 50-minute video!!! MOFOS proves yet again why it is the BEST Adult site on the Web. This babe is perfect, what a performer. Keep it up guys! 