Start your New Year off right… with your dick shared between four naked girls! If you’re a girl – imagine you’re her, eating your friend’s pussy and getting fucked hard by some unknown guy in a hot foursome! A group of sexy naked girls are sun tanning topless in the backyard of their home, when they realize they are being spied on from above by a drone! It can’t belong to none other than their dirty next door neighbor! He’s always spying on them and trying to see them naked! But karma is by the girls’ side and the drone crashes down on their lawn! Minutes later, the pervert comes through the bushes, thinking he can retrieve the device without getting caught by the girls, no way! They bust him, and can you believe the dude is still pitching a tent under his shorts? Teens decide they wanna give him a lesson, surrounding him and pulling down his shorts, exposing his big throbbing erection! Naked girls begin to stroke and suck it together, deepthroating his hard cock in turn. The best friends are actually having fun now that they are in charge! They take turns sucking his dick and while one of the girls spreads her legs so the naughty neighbor can eat her out, another girl sucks on his throbbing member. The girl getting eaten out is the first to take his hard cock in missionary, with the other naked girls watching and another girl getting down on all fours over the one being fucked, so she can eat her twat out while she gives the neighbor some head, making sure to keep that delicious sausage well lubed up. He fucks the sexy babe pretty hard and she loves it, the rest can’t wait for their turn. These crazy teen sluts make him lie down and while they suck his dick together, they caress and fondle his thighs and legs. He puts one of the naked teens down on her knees and fucks her mouth, then puts her down on all fours and penetrates her from behind, grabbing her juicy bubble butt while pounding her doggie style. The other girls love watching the way he fucks them, waiting for their turn to get pounded, suck cock and share every single last drop of his cum! The next door neighbor turned out to be quite an accomplished lover and the girls are so glad they got their hands on him, there is no way they are letting go now and he no longer needs his drone to check them out naked, he can come over to their place and fuck them any time he wants to!   BFFs is the home of the hottest, sexiest and naughtiest Best Friends Forever! These beautiful teen girls have a bond of friendship so tight, that it will last forever, as long as they share it all, including their sex toys, their boyfriend and their lovers! When a BFF is fucking, her BFFs are fucking with her! Watch these young naked girls sharing their most intimate moments together, taking off their clothes, masturbating their wet pussies in front of each other, having hot lesbian sex together, sharing their boyfriends’ hard cocks and getting fucked hard in group orgies for the very first time and covered in cum by them too! Schoolgirls, sleepovers, soccer girls, ballerinas, bachelorette parties, prom! Its all here!