I love dropping in by my girlfriend’s place by surprise, ready to strip her naked and fuck her! Unfortunately, this time, she wasn’t there for me to fuck, lol! As it turns out, she went out with some friends and left her sexy younger sister all alone in her apartment. I decided to stay and keep her company, but I was still horny, and was having a pretty hard time concealing the massive bulge throbbing under my jeans from my girlfriend’s younger sis! She noticed my erection, and the naughty look on her face told me everything I needed to know… I guess I wasn’t going to go home with blue balls after all! We went to her room and she took off her shorts and panties, pulling her tank top over her delicious tits, playing with her yummy pink pussy as I stripped and stood over her bed. She may has a sweet innocent looking face but don’t let this naughty teen fool you! Girlfriend’s younger sister may be only eighteen but she’s already knows what deepthroat means and knows all about blowjob. Watch as the tiny girl went down to take my huge cock inside her little mouth. I made her suck on my rock hard cock and lick my balls. I grabbed her soft hair and pulled her cute face against my crotch, fucking her mouth and ramming my throbbing member down her throat! The drool dripped down the side of her lips and her chin, my girlfriend’s sister looked so hot and slutty! Small girl devoured my hard cock and stroked it with both hands, straddling herself atop my member and riding me on her bed. Her ass was a perfect little bum and her tiny pussy was so tight. I was so turned on and not even worried about my GF returning home. She told me she wanted me to fuck her very hard, just like I did her sister! She confessed she hears us from her bedroom and masturbates fantasizing with my dick pumping her tight fuck holes! I fucked her in cowgirl and reverse, then spread eagled her, pounding her pussy in missionary while the petite teen rubbed her clit and got ready for a creamy, sticky cum shower! Next step is to get the girls both at the same time 🙂 