Daddy asks his slutty daughter to receive his business partner, who should be passing around their home in an hour to pick up some important documents. She has a huge crush on her dad’s business partner and this is her chance to seduce him, so she makes sure she receives him in her sexiest lingerie and makes it perfectly clear to him that her daddy won’t be around for hours! He gets the message and she unzips his slacks, taking his throbbing cock to her sweet little mouth and sucking on it. Daddy doesn’t have to know she gave him something else apart from the papers he asked her to deliver! The naughty daughter strokes and sucks his big cock, licking his balls and giving him the dirtiest looks. He usually doesn’t mix business with pleasure, but his associate’s teen daughter is too fucking hot, so he’s willing to make an exception this time! They go to her daddy’s bedroom and his business partner lies flat on his back over his bed as the blonde teen slut squats over his lap, her juicy bubble butt facing his way as his hard cock slides all the way inside her dripping wet, tight pussy. He grabs her delicious ass, pushing her up and down his rod and she leans back over him as he pounds her. She’s so petite and tight, he can’t believe it, this is the tightest pussy he has ever fucked, it feels so snug! Naked girl gets down on all fours and he penetrates her from behind and watches her pushing her perfect bubble butt against his crotch. By the way her ass cheeks split apart, he can enjoy the view of her ass crack, crowned by her beautiful asshole. She grabs on tight to daddy’s white sheets while his partner pounds her pussy so hard, so deep, so good! He holds her arms and pushes her against him, plowing her gash. The daddy’s daughter straddles herself back on top so she can keep riding him in cowgirl position, before flipping over so her back and ass are facing his way. He puts her on her back, spread eagles her and keeps plowing her juicy pussy, holding her legs apart as he prepares to fill his partner’s teen daughter with hot cum! He starts to pound her faster thrusting his big cock so deep into her pussy that his balls are slapping against her asshole. The little slut is begging him to cum inside her pussy and thats exactly what he does! His hot sperm fills her tight little hole till it is brimming full. The daddy comes back just in time, his slutty daughter is naked, with legs spread wide open and dripping with cum!!!   At Exxxtra Small the tiniest, petite and slender 18 year old young naked girls take on the biggest dicks and enjoy every single moment! Their tiny mouths, small pussies and tight assholes are ready to get stretched out and pounded hard by these massive cocks ready to fill their extra small fuck holes with loads of hot cum! See how their eyes widen up when the girls catch a glimpse of the biggest rods they’ve ever seen and get ready to suck, lick, deep throat, swallow, face fuck, gag and choke on these gargantuan members! These petite teens can’t get enough cock!