Will you object to a threesome scene with two sexy high schoolgirls, kissing, masturbating, eating pussy, scissoring, cumming and squirting together with a MILF? This naughty schoolgirl convinces her best friend to skip classes with her so they can come to back to her house and watch some porn, since her father and stepmom are not home! Still dressed in their sexy schoolgirl outfits the girl sits very close to her friend and innocently caresses her thighs as they watch a hot XXX scene. The girls start kissing and they both spread their legs, masturbating each other as they make out and the porn movie plays in the background. She left the volume so loud and she is so focused on her friend, she doesn’t realize her stepmom is there until she’s right in front of them, and dressed up in her hottest black lace lingerie, complete with garters and stockings! It seems she came back earlier, saw them and got changed to surprise them! Her stepmom, a breath taking mature redhead with long flowing hair, orders her friend to spread her legs and keep playing with her young wet twat while she puts her stepdaughter over her lap, pulls her panties down her thighs and spanks her ass in punishment for skipping classes! At the same time, she pushes the stepdaughter’s face between her friend’s legs, making her eat her out! She has never eaten a pussy before and she likes that first pussy eating experience. Wow, great to see same hand going from pussy to pussy fingering. The MILF finger fucks both naked girls at the same time before placing the friend on her back so her stepdaughter can site on her face and ride her pussy! Meanwhile, the mature redhead spreads the girl’s legs and licks her twat, scissoring her and making her cum hard as she rubs her mature twat against the tender teen pussy! Simply amazing lesbo threesome scene!!! The hot stepmom fucks her twat with fingers bringing herself to a squirting orgasm, ejaculating right over the teen pussy. Then young naked girls lick milf’s pussy and ass both as the same time, get tongue fucked in 69 standing and squirt for the very first time! The girls feel bad for skipping classes, but they feel great for getting caught and punished by the hot stepmom in this steamy lesbian threesome! Don’t miss the full version of this awesome film! 