Gorgeous babe with a perfect body. Her flawless pussy, sexy legs, wonderful tits, round ass look truly gorgeous! Her natural beauty and over-the-top sexuality makes it one of the best amateur sex tapes ever. I’m in the 7th-pussy-heaven watching this sexy naked babe riding a hard cock. Enjoy! When this guy accompanies his best friend and his girlfriend on a summer vacation, he never imagined this would happen! His friend got food poisoning last night, so he couldn’t join them at the beach the next day. They had a good time anyway. Actually they had a great time. Best friend’s girlfriend looks amazing in her bikini. She invites him to come back with her to her room, so they can finish what they started! He knows that fucking your best friend’s girlfriend in their hotel room is a no-no, but she’s so fucking hot, how can he let an opportunity like this pass by? Once in the room, she takes off her thong, gets down on all fours, grabs his throbbing member and takes it to her mouth, giving him a fantastic blowjob, like those he heard of so many times from his friend! Hot babe passes her lips and tongue all over his rod, literally french-kissing his cock. She sits on his lap, her juicy bubble butt facing his way as he rubs his dick all over her tender pussy lips, impaling her pussy on his dick as his best friend’s girlfriend rides him! He watches her sensational bubble butt moving up and down his cock, she’s actually twerking on top of his dick! He grabs her ass and hopes his best friend, right next door, doesn’t hear them or comes by while they are fucking! The cheating girlfriend flips over so she can face him and he can enjoy her dirty face and big tits as she rubs her slit and keeps riding on top of his huge cock, confessing that his tool is so much bigger and harder than her boyfriend’s. Her bald pussy is stunningly beautiful with pink lips wrapped around his dick. He touches her clit, grabs her tits and watches her play with herself as she uses his cock as a pogo stick, not that he minds! He puts her down on her hands and knees and penetrates her from behind, banging her doggie style, one of her favorite positions, at least that’s what his best friend is always telling him. Yeah, she takes dick down on all fours like a fucking pornstar, but the next time his friend brags about that, he’ll be giggling to himself thinking “if he only knew!” Watch him blowing his load all over his best friend’s girlfriend’s face!   Do you like watching some girl you know from work, school, the neighborhood, or maybe even a friend or an ex, getting naked, sucking cock, getting their pussy and ass fucked and getting facials and cumshots all over their face and body in leaked user submitted videos? I Know That Girl is the spot on the web where you can watch the hottest real girls getting down and dirty in the sleaziest homemade amateur sex action available on the web! When they agreed to get filmed by their friends, lovers, boyfriends and exes, they never thought they’d end up here!