Young girls with her features is what many of us want to see continuously. Less than 5ft tall and weight low 80s, that innocent look and her thin small body, wow! This extra small teen girl loves making herself squirt, but she loves it when more when a hot guy makes her gush like a fountain with his dick. Thing is, it’s not just any dick that will do, it takes a very big cock to make that pussy squirt, so this naughty teen slut is happy to discover her neighbor is packed! She wants to see if his huge cock can make her go like a garden hose! She strips naked and spreads her legs, making herself squirt as she masturbates and he watches. She sucks on her fingers so she can taste her juices and he licks her squirting pussy. After he’s done, small naked girl straddles herself atop his gargantuan cock and impales her tight pussy on it, it’s so fucking big, it hardly fits inside her vagina! She can feel her pussy lips stretching out and loosening up as she rides on his cock, it’s so fantastically big, hard and thick, unlike any other dick or dildo she has ever stuffed her tiny pussy with. She’s sure this guy’s going to make her squirt buckets! Tiny girl rides on his cock, twerking her juicy bubble butt up and down as she presses her petite body against his. She feels his jamming his finger up her asshole while pumping her twat with his rod, the sensation of being double penetrated makes her squirm like a crazy slut and she spreads her ass cheeks with her hands while riding his fabulous erection. He passes his arms under her knees and places his hands behind her neck, placing her in a wild wrestling lock while still pumping her little pussy with his huge cock and gets up, fucking that tiny girl in mid air! He spread eagles her in bed and fucks her in missionary, making her pussy gush and squirt all over the bed, his dick and her own body! Now that he made her squirt once, it’s easier to make this naughty little teen girl squirt over and over, each time faster and harder since her pussy gets so fucking sensitive to such a big cock! After she’s squirted all the pussy juice in her tiny body, he’s going to blow his load all over her face, her mouth, her tits and ass, leaving the tiny bitch glazed in his cum! What a great cumshot! Love seeing streaks of jizz all over her cute innocent face and in her mouth. By the way, she looks like Natalie Monroes little sister! I thought her previous scene was hot, but this is even better! Love the masturbating and squirting.   Voted the Best Teen Porn Site of 2015, Exxxtra Small is the home of the tiniest and hottest 18 year old teen sluts that love sucking and getting fucked hard by the biggest and hardest cocks in the industry! Their tiny and ultra tight pussies and assholes are going to get stretched out and loosened up as they are pounded hard by their lovers’ huge throbbing erections! Young naked girls love getting their fuck holes creampied and their dirty teen faces smeared with cum as they enjoy sensational facials and cumshots after getting pounded hard by big dicks in hardcore XXX action!