This sexy babe knows that deep inside her cute innocent younger stepsister is a hot and sexy slut desperate to break free, so she takes it upon herself to make it happen! She invites a couple of male friends over to their place so they can have a wet and slippery party in the backyard. They set up a slip and slide and after a few slides, the girls have both lost their bikini bottoms, so when her stepsister slides behind her, she ends up with her face buried between her legs! One of her male friends comes over and pushes the younger stepsister’s face against her older stepsister’s pussy, and she can’t resist licking and sucking on it, it’s just so dirty and hot! The older stepsister loves the fact that her younger stepsister is finally breaking out of her shell and she lies on her back with her legs spread high and wide and now the younger stepsister’s turn to slid into the pussy! She enjoys licking twat too, it’s dripping wet and tastes delicious! One of her friends slides behind her and licks her teen pussy and joins her in eating her stepsister out while the other one stuffs her mouth with his hard cock. The older, blonde stepsister joins her younger brunette one in sucking that big cock and guides her other friend’s big dick deep inside her stepsister’s pussy. While she is getting fucked by one of her friends, the blonde gets down on all fours and get fucked doggie style by the other one, twerking her delicious bubble shaped as while he does so. She is terribly turned on, she never imagined that sharing her friends’ big dicks with her very own stepsister and seeing her getting fucked would be such a turn on for her! Watch both naked girls get fucked hard, takes turn riding dicks in the backyard and then suck a dick and get fucked under water in the pool and finally covered in hot cum! Maybe the guys should have given both of them a creampie then gone under water and watched the cum pour out of their pussys but they give the hot step sisters amazing cumshot. Watch the girls kiss and play with their tongues while receiving a creamy facial. These two naked girls are super hot, don’t forget to download the crazy threesome at MOFOS! 