This beautiful personal shopper is assisting one of her male clients in the purchase of a tailored suit, but she seems to have some problems measuring his inseam! It seems that his throbbing bulge is getting in the way and distracting her, she can’t help wondering how big it may be, so when he invites her to see for herself and measure it, she doesn’t hesitate! Almost 9 inches, the biggest cock she’s ever seen in her life! Since he already has his hard cock out and she’s kneeling so close to his crotch, he pushes her face against it and the personal shopper avidly gobbles up his boner. She likes a man that can take initiative and she loves sucking and licking his huge cock and balls. I’m not usually a big CFNM or something like that fan, but this woman looks incredible sexy in her black dress! Sexy woman wraps the measuring tape around his hard dick and deepthroats his erection, stroking it fast as she strips down to her sexy lingerie, stockings and garter. He turns her over, pulls her panties down her thighs, spreads her ass cheeks apart and licks her pussy and her asshole before penetrating her from behind and banging her against a full body mirror. She can see her reflection while getting fucked by her client and she does indeed look like a filthy fuck slut, she loves it! Usually she gets her kicks dressing her clients up, not down! He presses her hot naked body against his own while pounding her pussy really hard and moves her to a small nearby table, placing her on top of it, spread eagling her and pumping her wet tight pussy with dick meat in missionary. He grabs her neck and holds her legs apart, drilling that tight twat like no man and no cock have ever drilled it before. Sexy naked woman pulls him near so she can kiss his lips and swap tongue with him, she loves the rough way he’s fucking her. They move to the floor of the fitting room they are in and she gets on top of his cock and impales her pussy on it, riding it hard and fast. The guy tries his best to pound her pussy from below, making her legs tremble from multiple quivering orgasms. After bouncing up and down his long sausage he places naked woman sideways on the small table and ties her up with the measuring tape, licking her pussy and rimming her asshole! Then he fucks her some more until he’s ready to blow his load all over her! 