Teacher gives this hot teen a ride and fucks her tight pussy! If you love watching small but hot teens getting their tiny pussies fucked hard, no doubt you’re already a fan of ExxxtraSmall! When this young new teacher notices that one of his students needs a ride home, he doesn’t hesitate to give her a lift. He has no idea what he’s getting into! Halfway back to her place, he checks the rear view mirror and catches a glimpse of her in the backseat, pulling her blouse wide open to expose her bra and cleavage while snapping some selfies! And on the very same day he lectured his students on the perils of sexting! Things get even hotter when he asks her to button her blouse; she actually does the opposite, pulling her tits over her bra and showing him her nice, juicy, big tits and perky nipples! She lifts up her school plaid skirt, pulls her white panties aside and teases him with her pussy. The guy hardly wait to taste that young wet pussy! When the hot teen girl leans over and grabs his package over his pants and feels his throbbing member getting bigger and harder, he knows he’s hers! The teacher decides to take her back to his place instead, where they get comfortable on the couch and he gropes her young big tits while she continues stroking his cock over his pants. He sucks on teen’s nipples and she sucks his hard cock, letting the teacher fuck her little mouth and finger her dripping wet twat. He puts her down on all fours, lifts her skirt and pulls her drenched cotton panties down her legs. He rams his cock deep inside her tight cunt and starts pounding her hard. He can’t believe he’s actually fucking one of his sexy student’s! She holds on tight while he drills her pussy doggie style, making her the teacher’s pet! She knows the teacher is a married man, but by the way he’s banging her pussy, it seems like he hasn’t fucked in a long time! He pounds her teen pussy like mad wrapping both arms tightly around her waist! Hot, hot hot! This guy is a real sex machine, apparently as the result of the fact that he looks at these young, hot, sexy high school girls all day long in the class, and now he can enjoy one of these hot teen sluts to the full!!! He spread eagles her and keeps fucking her twat in missionary position, feeling the tightness of her teen pussy and the way her vaginal muscles wrap around his cock, squeezing and milking it. He sits on the couch and watches her taking off all her clothes and squatting over his bulging member, impaling her tight cunt on it and bouncing up and down his dick. Young naked girl groans and gasps as her crazy teacher pounds her tiny pussy with his hard dick with frantic thrusts! After plowing her pussy in several different positions, he’s ready to blow his load all over her pretty face and small body and then take her back to her place before her parents come back home!   Voted the Best Teen Porn Site of 2015, Exxxtra Small is the home of the tiniest, smallest, youngest and hottest 18 year old teen girls that love sucking and getting fucked hard by the biggest and hardest cocks in the industry! Their tiny and ultra tight pussies and assholes are going to get stretched out and loosened up as they are pounded hard by their lovers’ huge throbbing erections! Extra small girls love getting their fuck holes creampied and their dirty teen faces smeared with cum as they enjoy sensational facials and cumshots after getting pounded hard by big dicks in hardcore XXX action!