Sparks fly when this sexy girl discovers that her sister is trying to hook up with the same guy she is! Two sisters wanting to date one guy can be a pretty sticky situation! When she hears that she’s inviting him over, she beats her to the punch, getting him all alone in the kitchen while her sister is still upstairs in the shower! His hands and lips are all over her tits and he bends her over the kitchen counter, pulling down on her thong and eating out her juicy ass! He rubs her dripping wet pussy while they make out and after spread eagling her over the kitchen counter, he finger fucks her. This brings her to an orgasm pretty quickly. The sext teen girl just starts cumming but they’re interrupted by her sister coming down, so they dress up real fast and try to act like nothing happened. Her sister comes down in her sexiest bathing suit, what a bitch! After quarreling with her sister over who gets to have him, she almost comes to blows with her. The sister sucks his dick by the pool while she doesn’t see and he cums in her thoroat, leaving her with mouth full of cum. As you have guessed these sisters ultimately decide to share him in a threesome! Naked girls begin to suck and stroke his cock together and they couldn’t be any happier, neither could he, lucky fucker! The teen sluts compete who can swallow his dick deeper. The younger sister spreads her legs so he can fuck her dripping wet pussy, she has waited so long for this and it’s kinda hot getting her snatch plowed with her sister right next to her, watching it all happen and making out with their mutual boyfriend! He tries his best to pound his tight pussy and make her cum. After fucking her, he sits next to her and as she keeps masturbating herself, her naked sister grabs his hard cock and sucks it, tasting the sister’s pussy on it. Then she shows her little sister how she should ride a dick, squatting on top of his lap and impaling her tight pussy on his rod, riding him in reverse cowgirl while rubbing her clit. She slaps over her sister’s slutty face, her ass and tits, making her cum too, so hot! She likes watching her sister ride that cock, but she can’t want to feel it inside her again, so she takes her place and rides it in the same position, with her sister helping her bounce up and down that big throbbing erection that is giving them both so much pleasure. Naked girl flips over so she can face him and he presses her sexy body against his own while drilling her cunt and her sister rubs her muff while she observes them. She comes to a nice quivering orgasm with her legs twitching and clenching, it looks ABSOLUTELY AMAZING! The dirty sisters can’t wait for their boyfriend to blow his load in their faces!   At Family Strokes, sexy stepsisters and stepdaughters get the fuck of their lives! If you enjoy busting a nut to intense step family porn action starring hot sisters, mature stepmoms, horny step brothers and pervy step dads, this site is just for you! These gorgeous young girls never imagined they would end up seduced and fucked by their new stepbrothers or that they would find themselves getting fondled by their stepdads while sucking their cocks, or even having hot lesbian sex with their stepmothers or masturbating with their stepsisters! Threesomes, foursomes and more-some family sex! Now the fun stays in the family!