This spunky brunette babe and her friend decide to start a sexual revolution in their hometown. The young girls take off their clothes and walk around in their sexy lingerie and take pictures of each other while posing next to fancy cars and getting into a public fountain and making out! The brunette gets very excited kissing her friend and groping her tits and ass and since nobody seems to be around, she pulls her panties down her thighs and the girls flash their juicy bubble butts and dripping wet pussies! The drivers that are passing by can’t believe what they are seeing, these naughty naked girls are going to provoke a traffic jam! After stripping in the fountain, the brunette squats in front of a water faucet and her friend turns it on, so the brunette can masturbate with the powerful water stream. Her friend rubs her own twat while watching the brunette get off this way and they both end up masturbating side by side, checking each other out. Two naked girls rub their wet slits and end up peeing right there out in the open. They bring out a chair and the brunette sits on it and has a magic wand applied to her pussy, vibrating against it so hard, it makes her squirt like a garden hose when she climaxes! Don’t miss these teens if you like peeing, squirting and cum oozing young pussies. There are few nice squirting orgasms here. The other girl does the same to her friend and she squirts and cums pretty hard too. She follows up by making her sit on her lap and fucking her pussy with a huge ripe cucumber! You will enjoy watching these two hot girls as they ride a long cucumber. The friend takes her place on the seat and spreads her legs so she can fuck herself with the big green veggie too. When they are done, the teenage girls head back to their place, strip totally naked and jump into bed for a hot lesbian threesome with their favorite masturbator! Young naked girls masturbate by scisorring each other while using vibrators, squirting on the bed, playing with each other’s pussy and anus. Then these active girls end up hiking a mountain trail, and masturbating some more and squirting all over the rocks! 