After busting them for smoking in the girls’ room, this teacher knows that he should call their parents but the girls say they will do anything not to get in trouble! Since they are so willing to please him, he decides to give them a chance to redeem themselves, and makes them stand side by side against the blackboard. He pops the first girl’s blouse wide open and then the second’s, fondling their small tender breasts and feeling how their nipples harden up under his touch. He can imagine their cotton panties already getting drenched in their pussy juices as they lubricate, filled with arousal. He goes back to the first student, the long haired one, and sucks on her nipples, then does the same with her short haired partner in crime. The teacher places one of the students over his desk, spreads her legs, hikes up her skirt and pulls her cotton panties aside and makes her friend eat her out while he watches. Then he takes off her drenched panties and licks her dripping wet gash while the other girl licks and sucks on her nipples. The short haired girl licks her friend’s tits too and as he places the long haired girl over the desk and spreads her legs, while the teacher penetrates and fucks her, her friend straddles up on top of her, touching and kissing her. He takes turns fucking both naked girls going from pussy to pussy and their pussies are so tight, wet and hot. The teacher’s hard dick brings one of the girls to an orgasm pretty quickly! The young girl screams and her whole body trembles when she cums on the mature big dick. These girls are seriously hot. They drop to their knees and suck his hard cock together, tasting their pussies on his rod as they lick his dick and balls. While one of the girls rides on his cock, the other rides on his face. Both naughty girls take turns riding his dick and face and cum again and again. I love it when the girl with a short hair gets her turn to be fucked because she sounds awesome! There’s a lot of real orgasms in this video, and even a SQUIRTING ORGASM [7:25]! In half an hour he’s ready to cum on their faces, he’s sure they learned their lesson! This is one of the best school threesomes ever. Seriously, if teachers were allowed to do this, I’d be the best teacher on the planet and I’d give these students an A++ remarks every day! 