What are they teaching teen in SexEd these days? This blonde teen got a baby doll at her school to take care of it, but she doesn’t even know where babies come from, it’s a good thing that her stepfather is ready to show her, if she cant tell her mom! She thinks, babies come from kissing. He spreads her legs and pulls her cotton panties aside so he can finger and rub her hairy twat, and the young girl can feel the way her pussy tingles and gets wet as her stepdaddy touches it. His hands grope her tits over her blouse and he kisses her neck and she gets flustered with excitement. He takes her upstairs and strips her down to her bra, spreading her legs on her mom’s bed and licking her young, sweet, pink, dripping wet pussy. He puts her down on all fours and also licks her ripe tender asshole. He whips out his big throbbing cock and stuffs her mouth with it, she chokes and gags on that big dick, drooling all over it and he takes off her bra while putting her back on her hands and knees and ramming his hard member deep inside her tight pussy and banging her doggy style from behind. She had no idea that babies were made that way or that it felt so hot making them! He puts his small step daughter sideways, raises her leg and pumps her with his dick, popping his thumb in her mouth so she can suck it like a dirty slut. Then small naked girl straddles herself atop his hard cock and he continues pounding her tiny pussy, pressing her tight teen body against his own. She flips over and squats over his cock again, impaling her twat on it and riding him in reverse cowgirl. He’s almost ready to show his young step daughter how babies are made by injecting his seed into her 18 year old vagina. They switch to missionary fucking and she can feel his balls tightening up as he starts cumming inside her, filling her pussy with his hot cum! He pulls out of her pussy and she can feel his sticky creampie oozing from between her gaping pussy lips and dripping all over the sheets. She’s going to have to wash them before her mom comes back or she will find out that her stepfather put some of his babies inside her pussy! Well, not that she knows how babies are done, she wants her stepdaddy to keep fucking her more and more! Don’t miss more young naked girls getting fucked and filled with cum:   Are you looking for young porn with small, fun-sized girls? At Exxxtra Small the youngest, smallest and sexiest 18 year old young girls take on the biggest dicks and enjoy every single moment! Their tiny mouths, small pussies and tight assholes are ready to get stretched out and fucked hard by the biggest dicks ever that ready to fill their extra small vaginas with loads of hot cum! If you enjoy watching tiny, petite, skinny, 18 year old teens taking on huge cocks, ExxxtraSmall is just the site for your viewing pleasure!