Check out this smoking hot brunette babe with a sensual body and a nice juicy bubble butt that fits so tight in her gym pants as she exercises. While she’s running in the park, she comes unto a sign on a post that catches her eyes, since it entails squirting lessons, and the first one is free! All girls would like to learn how to squirt and this one is certainly curious, so she takes the number and sets up an appointment that very same day, with a sexy redhead babe in a sensual black dress. They sit in her classroom and the teacher goes through all the theory regarding the act of squirting, until it’s time to practice! The young teen girl is a bit nervous as the MILF teacher makes her lean back on her desk, spreading her legs while she rips her gym pants at the crotch, exposing her tender twat and asshole! While the teen holds her legs apart, the teacher licks her pussy, shoving her tongue between her tender pink pussy lips as the girl pushes her pelvis against her mouth. The redhead MILF shoves her fingers deep inside her vagina and fucks her and when the girl climaxes, she starts to squirt, gushing like a garden hose while the woman opens her mouth so she can swallow that delicious squirt from her pupil! The teen can’t believe how much squirt juice she’s producing, the teacher rubs her muff and she just keeps gushing! The redhead woman spreads it all over her clothes and keeps licking her cunt, ready to make her squirt a second time! She strips fully naked so the young girl can get excited with her mature body and goes back to licking and fingering her pussy, making her squirt again! She strips the teen naked too and makes her lie on the floor, lifting her lower body and pinning her shoulders against the rug while making her squirt a third time! This way, when naked girl squirts all over herself she gets to taste her own squirt juices, and they are delicious! She fucks her squirting pussy with her tongue when the puddle is growing in the centre of the class. The redhead babe licks and kisses her squirt soaked body and they make out, exchanging their saliva and her pussy juices before it’s the pupil’s chance to make her sexy redhead teacher cum like a fountain too! Holy shit that is great. They have a quick go at the tribbing position with two pussies rubbing against each other. Two naked girls cum over themselves and everywere, absolutely amazing! Fucking awesome scene, two perfect girls, countless squirting orgasms, pussy eating, vagina tongue fucking, cum squirting from pussy to pussy, and tribbing! This young girl is definitely enjoying this first free lesson and won’t mind paying for the next ones! Fucking awesome lesbian squirting scene!   The best hardcore teen porn and XXX teen smut can be found only at one place, and that place is RK (aka, Reality Kings)! With tons of sexy teen amateurs and pornstars and loads of hot exclusive footage and videos, and new content and girls added all the time, you just can’t miss a beat as these dirty teen sluts take off their clothes, masturbate their dripping wet pussies, have hot lesbian sex, suck lots of hard cocks and get their tight teen pussies and asses fucked very hard as they enjoy creamy cumshots and intense facials! Teen porn is RK!