Best newcomer! Hands down! This sexy teen just moved into her new place and the first thing she unpacks is her favorite sex toy! She gets face down on her couch and rubs her dripping wet muff with her toy, her sexy thong still on, pulled to the side and exposing her wet pussy and the crack of her ass. It just feels so good finally having a place of her own where she can get naked and get off wherever and whenever she wants to. She’s so concentrated that she doesn’t realize she left the door ajar and her next door neighbor came in to introduce himself, finding his new neighbor half naked and masturbating on the couch! Judging by the throbbing bulge between his legs, he liked what he saw, so she invites him to join her on the sofa so they can get better acquainted! There the young girl grabs his hard cock and begins to suck and stroke it, licks his balls, pulling her tank top over her head and deepthroating his throbbing member all the way down to the base. A hot, juicy, throbbing cock is much better then any vabrator. She stands up, pulls down her wet panties and straddles herself atop his hard sausage and impales her dripping wet twat on it, riding her new neighbor. While this sexy girl rides his hard cock, she also uses her vibrating sex toy to tease and stimulate her clit. He can also feel the vibrations against his shaft! Naked girl squats up and down his cock while rubbing her muff and leans back to push her pelvis against his crotch. They get on the floor and she sucks his hard cock some more, tasting her own pussy on his boner and sitting back on it, this time with her beautiful bubble butt facing him. This sexy teen girl has a totally awesome ass! She twerks and grinds that big juicy butt up and down, looking over her shoulder to make sure he’s enjoying the ride! He grabs her ass and squeezes it and after she sucks his dick and balls some more, she gets down on her hands and knees so he can penetrate her from behind and fuck her doggy style. She stands, bending over, taking that big dick up her pussy and getting ready for the new neighbor to pull out and blow his creamy load all over her dirty face and her sexy titties! Having a real cock to play with is definitely so much better than her sex toys! Now this sexy teen is at the top of my “Fuck It” list! If I can get her I might forget about all the rest!   I Know That Girl is full of real footage submitted by users and homemade by these naughty amateur girls, their boyfriends, lovers and friends! These teen girls think they are so fucking hot and sexy, they don’t resist taking off their clothes in front of a camera so they can masturbate, have hot lesbian sex, suck cock and get fucked hard, receiving intense cumshots and creamy facials! Don’t be surprised if one of these girls is somebody you know from work, school or even an old flame or your next door neighbor! New amateur videos and sexy teens added all the time!