This mom has caught her daughter smoking several times and no matter how much she berates her, nothing changes, so this time, it’s her stepdad punishing her and you can bet this punishment will stick! Since this teen girl wants to have something in her mouth, he unzips, whips out his hard cock and pushes his stepdaughter’s face against his crotch, stuffing her mouth with his dick meat! Since she likes smoking so much, he’s gonna make her smoke his cock! He fucks her mouth, making her deepthroat his member and slapping her face with it, smearing her saliva and his precum all over her lips, cheeks and nose. Then he strips the teen girl naked and spreads her tight body on the couch, groping her tits and slapping her as he pulls her lower body over the sofa’s back rest, spreads her legs and tongue fucks her dripping wet muff. He forces his hard dick in her wet pussy and fucks her in that same position and she can’t believe she’s getting fucked by her very own stepfather! The naughty girl gets down on all fours and sucks his dick, tasting her pussy on his cock. Her mom comes home while she is getting fucked and agrees that this girl needs to be taught a lesson! While her mom watches, her stepdad continues to fuck her little mouth with his big dick and even though she thinks she had enough, her mom is not satisfied and feels she needs more punishment. Her mom holds her young naked daughter down on all fours as the stepfather fucks her doggy style and pulls her head back by her ponytail. This young girl has amazing juicy bubble ass, bald pussy and nice titties. With her mom watching he straddles her atop his hard cock and fucks her tight pussy while groping her tits and slapping her face and she just can’t help it, she loves the way her stepfather is punishing her with his big dick and she gets turned on with her mom watching her and she just wants her step daddy to blow his load all over her dirty face! Watch more young teen girls in the best hardcore family orgies you have ever seen. 