I love sleeping over at my girlfriend’s because I get the chance to spy on her slutty little sister! She’s so fucking hot, slim with amazing big tits and a nice ass! She was in the bathroom in a sexy thong and bra, talking selfies while I checked her out and played with myself. She took the lingerie off and snapped some nude selfies, her body is so tight and her tits are bigger than her sister’s! She got in the shower and soaped herself up and her naked body was beautiful and her juicy titties were standing out in front of her. I was beating my hard cock like a drum, man! Matter of fact, I beat it too hard, because the noise alerted her of my presence! Fuck, I thought I was in trouble and I could imagine my girlfriend’s face after her sister told her I was spying on her and jerking my rod to her naked body! Instead, the teen slut seemed quite turned on by the fact that her girlfriend’s boyfriend was turned on by her! She pulled the towel down revealing her young naked body and let me feel up her sexy tits. She touched my cock and it grew harder in her small hands. While touching me she used her free hand to place my hand between her legs and I began fingering her pussy. Girlfriend’s young naked sister got down on her knees so she could suck my huge cock. Her warm mouth and tantalizing tongue really felt good on my cock. After sucking and stroking it, I slapped her cute face with my member and she spread her legs so I could penetrate and fuck that dripping wet tight teen twat! I loved how this girl’s little asshole moved in and out in time with my cock as I fucked her doggie on the bathroom counter. I lied down on my back on the bathroom floor, the young naked girl stood over me and my throbbing cock was pointing towards her dripping pussy. This teenage girl had large breast, probably a good 34C, a small waist, and very tight pussy. She rubbed her muff as I banged her and asked if she was tighter than her sister, hell yeah she was! She said she wanted me to fuck her as hard as I fucked her sister every single night, confessing she could hear us through the wall and she would masturbate to our love making, fucking her pussy with a big dildo and pretending it was my cock! Fucking hot! After banging her all over the bathroom I blew my load all over her! The little slut moaned as she sucked every drop of cum out of my balls and licked it all off the head. 