Homemade interracial fucking with black girlfriend riding a white cock! When this guy bough a video camera he struggled with figuring out how to propose to his sexy black girlfriend that they film themselves while being intimate, but as it turns out, he didn’t have to, because it’s the first thing she said she wanted them to do when he showed it to her! That’s why black girlfriends rock! As he sets the video camera his sexy girlfriend jumps into bed, her top pulled over her nice mocha tits while she fondles them and rubs her black pussy with her panties pulled aside. It drives him crazy just looking at his hot girlfriend playing with herself. He strips naked and she lets her head dangle from the edge of the bed as she lies on her back and sucks his throbbing dick. She’s gobbling the whole white cock in her mouth, It’s every man’s dream! He fucks her mouth and she lies on her back with her legs spread so he can fuck her twat in missionary position. Her pink clit looks absolutely amazing, sticking out in the air, between her black pussy lips. He lies on his back and his sexy black girlfriend straddles herself atop his member and impales her dripping wet mocha twat on it, riding him in bed and letting her sexy big ebony tits bounce up and down. She bites her lip as she rides her boyfriend in front of the camera, its presence definitely turns her on. She flips over and rides his dick in reverse cowgirl, looking over her shoulder at the camera lens while she twerks and grinds that juicy brown bubble butt. Only black girls know how to twerk right! His girlfriend wants everybody that watches their amateur sex video to feel envy of her sexy black body and the way she fucks! She keeps bouncing up and down her boyfriend’s hard cock and feels the way it stuffs her dripping wet pussy and makes her feel so full. This is just their first sextape, but in her dirty little head she’s already coming up with naughty ideas for the next ones, contemplating everything from scenery and props to positions, makeup, hairstyle, lingerie and why not, maybe invite some of her girlfriends over so they can share her boyfriend’s delicious cock, she’s sure he would love that idea! He can’t wait to pull his hard cock out of her tight pussy and blow his creamy load on her mouth and all over her face and tits and later upload their amateur sex tape and show it off to all his friends so they get jealous of how lucky he is to have such a hot black girlfriend! 