This sexy chick is the new girl in the track racing team and despite the fact that the rest of the girls in the team have welcomed her with open arms, she still feels that she’s not part of the team. Something’s missing and she can’t quite tell what it is, but all that’s going to change and she’ll soon discover what it takes to become an integral member of this team! The girls have already told her that this is a very special day and after they finish training, the young girls go back to the clubhouse and her teammates make her sit on the couch. One of the girls pulls her top down and exposes her big tits and urges her to touch and feel them! This is the final bonding experience she was missing! She’s so nervous, but she wants to be part of the team, and she wants to see her team mates naked! She touches her teammate’s breasts, they are gorgeous! Of course the girls wanna see hers too, so they pull her top down, touching them as they lick her nipples and suck on them. They get so hard and erect and her pussy is already dripping wet under her uniform. The girls strip her naked, spread her long legs and eat her snatch out and after her teammate makes her cum like a dirty lesbian slut with her silky smooth tongue, she lets her sit on her face so she can return the favor! While the girl eats pussy for the first time, she fondles her friend’s tits and gets her pussy rubbed and fingered! Her teammate sucks her fingers and she takes them to her twat so she can masturbate herself as she continues eating her out and savoring those delicious pussy juices. This shy girl never ate a girl out before, and she can’t believe how natural it feels! She kisses her teammate and they can taste each other’s pussy as they continue making love and the rest of the naked girls on the team watch and patiently wait for their turn! She understand that this is her initiation and she will get the chance to eat all their wet twats and get eaten out by each of them and she just can’t wait for it to happen and to cum like a slut! 