This blonde mom’s brunette lesbian friend is always hanging out at her home, even when she’s busy cleaning the house and hardly has any time to pay attention to her. As it so happens, the sexy brunette doesn’t need her attention, since she’s busy seducing her hot blonde teen daughter right behind her back! She reaches under her skirt and rubs her young wet pussy while tugging on her thong, making it dig between her tender pink pussy lips. The sexy teen daughter can’t help spreading her legs as she looks over her shoulder, in case her mom turns around and catches her friend with her hand in the bush, her bush! I love the danger element along with almost getting caught! There is just a bit seduction/resistance from the daughter, and she gets her top pulled down and her tits exposed, but the brunette quickly pulls it back up when her mom turns over! That was close! The mom gets back to doing the dishes while her lesbian friend does her daughter, eating her pussy and ass over the kitchen counter! The teen holds on tight while she feels her ass cheeks spread open and that smooth wet tongue probing her pussy and asshole. The young girl bites her lips and moans softly and the mature lesbian sits behind the counter and spreads her legs so the teen can drop to her knees and lick her vagina too! Then the girls go to the living room and the teen gets her pussy rubbed and fingered on the couch. The mom’s friend tosses her on the couch and spreads her legs, putting her hand over her mouth to muffle her screams as she finger fucks her pussy and bites hard on her nipples, bringing her to an incredible orgasm! The rimming is really nice. Fingering while licking the asshole my weakness too. Soon the lesbian is naked too and rubbing her twat against the teen’s young pussy while her mom keeps cleaning the house! She fucks her face with her vagina until she cums all in her mouth, and the girl licks it all up, every drop. This is her first time getting her pussy eaten out and this mature lesbian does it like a pro. She eats this young sensitive pussy so good the teen girl is climbing further up on the floor trying to get away from the oral pleasure. Meanwhile, naked girls go at the scissoring position with two pussies rubbing against each other. Finally the girls get caught by the mom and things really begin to get interesting! Ass and pussy licking, group masturbation, tribbing/scissoring and finaly the whole lesbian threesome orgy. It’s really a great girl-girl scene with amazing danger element! Moms Lick Teens, keep it coming with more unique situations like this!   Moms Lick Teens shows you how wild, naughty and slutty these sexy women can be! These beautiful mature lesbians with big tits and juicy butts love seducing their sexy teen step daughters so the young girls can eat their dripping wet pussies for the very first time and also fuck with their best friends, sharing sex toys and taking turns masturbating together, squirting all over each other, tribbing/scissoring while they have hot lesbian sex! Watch these hot naked women and young teen girls taking off their clothes and getting wild together in the hottest exclusive footage! New videos, hot teens and horny mature babes are added all the time, don’t miss out and join! Only mom knows and can teach how to eat pussy right, how to squirt and how to cum hard!!!