What a HOT opening scene with the two girls masturbating in adjoining rooms! Since these girls identities are anonymous, let’s refer to these two beautiful roommates as Left and Right, since they share adjoining rooms and they enjoy masturbating together, yet separated by the wall that divides their bedrooms. The girls leave their doors open as they strip naked and spread their legs, listening to each other as they masturbate. While Left lies on her back and rubs her muff, Right is down on her hands and knees, fondling her ass while she gets herself off. They have lived together for a long time and masturbated countless times almost in perfect synch, without ever seeing each other while they do so. Naked girls masturbate, each stroking herself towards a strong orgasm. Each one touches herself as she imagines the counterpart is touching herself, guided by intuition and the noises each other produces mid ecstasy. Right usually finishes first and enjoys hearing Left catch up with her. A while later, Left invites a lover to her bedroom and Right masturbates solo while listening to them, it’s such a turn on for both parties involved. Sometimes, after one of the girls finishes with her lover, she lets him visit the other room! While Left gets her pussy fucked hard in bed, Right leans against the wall and gets herself off! The next night, it is Right, dressed in sexy black lingerie, who has a lover in her room, banging her hard while she hears Left getting herself off to their love making on the other side of the wall. So it goes, night after night, each girl either fucking or masturbating while the other one fucks, until the end of the week, on a special day when they decide to finally share the same bedroom and masturbate together, scissoring and rubbing against each other and climaxing together all night long until they’re drained! Things take an unexpected turn, as these two sexy girls share one cock, sucking it in tandem and then riding it in turn. The concept and execution of this is sensational, and the sex is HOT!!! A great story, heat, genuine arousal, chemistry and fun, don’t miss more SEX ART by the link above. 