Being a geek in College really sucks! Most of the time, while everybody else is partying and getting laid, you’re all alone in your dorm room, masturbating to online porn. But sometimes, you get lucky, just like this guy! He’s about to go from College geek to College player when he sneaks into the girl’s sorority house. You see, some of the girls there were really mean and cruel to him, and he wants to get revenge by spray painting their house, but when he’s about to start he realizes he’s looking into one of the girl’s room, and she’s there, half naked! She signals for him to go to the door and he obeys, thinking he’s busted, but she actually recognized him and remembered how mean the girls were to him and what a bad first impression they made on him, so she wants to give him a very good second impression! The hottest and sexiest girl in the college lets him touch her soft breasts and makes out with him, spreading her legs so he can rub her muff over her sexy panties. They’re crotchless so he can play with her pussy and her clit while she toys with the sexy pearl necklace around her neck. This college babe is absolutely amazing, her young body is phenomenal, most beautiful pussy, legs, face, tits and ass! One of the most gorgeous girls anywhere. The sexy babe gets on her knees and begins to suck his throbbing member, stuffing her wet mouth with it. She strokes his thick rod while sucking it, biting her lips as she rejoices at how big and hard it is. Then she sits on her desk and spreads her legs so he can fuck her tight twat and after he strips her naked he places her in front of the glass door of door that leads to the garden, so he can fuck her from behind and anybody that passes by can see he’s banging the hottest chick in the sorority house! She likes that, but she grabs his dick and guides him to her bedroom, so he can fuck her pussy on her bed and she can ride his hard cock. This girl has a huge wall to wall mirror so they can see themselves while they are banging. Naked girl laid on her side, raised one leg and spread her legs really wide, letting his dick reach the deepest regions of her vagina in this position. Wow, her pussy looks gorgeous here! She rides his hard sausage in cowgirl and reverse and boys, this babe has an AMAZING ASS! Her ass is outrageously gorgeous when she bounces it up and down. She arches her back and her whole body squirms on his dick when she cums, what a fantastic orgasm, awesome! Sexy babe looks at her reflection while she gets her pussy pumped with dick meat and she gets ready for the naughty College geek to blow his creamy load all over her dirty face and sexy tits! Watch the full movie with all five college girls from the sorority, these hotties know how to have fun:   Don’t miss out on this hottie as she shows us once again why she’s one of the best! You won’t want to miss these hot girls in the best adult movies, at DigitalPlayground! These guys bring you the highest quality exclusive XXX content on the web! These babes do incredible things on camera, stripping naked, masturbating with their friends, eatting pussy and ass to each other, deepthroating huge cocks, getting their wet pussies fucked hard and finally covered with a thick layer of cum!