I love to visit the library because there are always nerdy and geeky chicks that live behind their big books and never get any sex, and they’re an easy lay, man! Best part is, most of these girls are hot! Yesterday I noticed this sexy blonde girl with thick glasses reading some biology books and since I noticed she seemed a bit down, I walked over to her and she confessed she wasn’t really enjoying her time at the library and would probably prefer doing something else… This is the kind off girl that feels forced to be nice when what she really wants to be is naughty and very dirty! After a few minutes of conversation, I convinced her to do just that and we went to a corner on the quiet and pretty much empty library so she could flash me her tits! She had some nice tiny boobies. That sexy blonde didn’t even think about it when I asked her, she just got on her knees. I whipped out my throbbing cock and she started sucking on it with a dirty look on her face. Finally we were both having fun at the library! She had got all the requires assets… ass, legs, pussy, boobs, looks .. total package. Cute college slut with hot NATURAL body! She showed me her beautiful pussy and rubbed her slit and her clit with her fingers, pulling her tank top up and showing her tits as she masturbated. Then the hottie straddled herself atop my hard cock, impaling her wet pussy slit on it and riding me. This was so exciting that I actually had to pull out of her pussy and blew my load! She passed her fingers all over my cum drenched cock and licked it so she could get a taste of my semen. Her cock sucking got me hard again, so the sexy babe straddled herself back on top and continued riding me and as my creampie dripped between her pussy lips, she popped my dick out of her cunt and popped it into her tight asshole! She was saying I’m a good girl but she let me to fuck her into the ass, I like it! Gorgeous and hot girl. Watching the cum oozed out her vagina when I fucked her arse was phenomenal. Such a sweet ass and the cum dripping pussy in addition! I swear this bitch was going to make me cum again, her asshole was so fucking tight and hot! While she rode my cock with her asshole, I rubbed her cum drenched pussy and clit, finger fucking her. She stood up and bent over the book shelf so I could penetrate and fuck that tight asshole from behind. She never imagined her boring visit to the library would turn into an anal sex lesson, but she loved every single moment of it and I was ready to cum in her ass! This sexy college babe has a very good future in porn. 