When they first started dating, this sexy blonde found it kinda cute and sexy at the same time that her boyfriend was into comic books, but everyday it seems harder and harder to take his attention away from his comics and to her! She’s been practicing some pretty hot yoga moves that would translate awesomely into sex and she wants to show him, but her demands for attention seem to fall into deaf ears! The babe shows off her exceptional gymnastic and tumbling skills with lots of different flexible poses, many of which are very compromising positions with that round ass sticking out. She is able to bring her feet right up behind her head. She also does the splits on the floor and even does a handstand into a bridge. The beauty with such amazing ass up in the air, how fuck can any guy resist? This is the kind of gift I love to receive. His girlfriend can’t believe he’d much rather finish his comic book than eat her out and fuck her hard when she’s all shaped into a human pretzel! After all, being so limber and flexible has to be some sort of super power and comic book geeks dig that shit, right? Fed up, she goes to the bathroom and slips into a red thong, a tight top and sexy fishnet stockings, almost a super heroine outfit! When he sees her dressed like this, like some sort of kinky super heroine or villainess, she has all his attention! Finally! She leans over the couch as her boyfriend peels her fishnet stockings down her thighs and her thong, spreading her legs wide open and putting her into a scorpion (her toes touching her head) as he eats out her dripping wet pussy and her tender asshole! Extremely erotic! With her legs straight up above her head it’s almost like her pussy is on a plate for him to feast on. He tongue fucks her and they move to the rug, where she does an inverted plank while sucking his hard cock! In this gymnastic sex position he can caress and fondle her tits while she gives him head! He stands and while his naked girlfriend does a head stand, he penetrates and fucks her tight twat! Her figure is beyond reproach, flexibility and her ass is perfect. Such a nice phatty…. and I’m a fan of how she bends! Her juicy bubble butt ripples as he bangs her in such a kinky position. She bets he’s thankful that she’s into yoga instead of comic books now! Try putting a comic book geek girl into one of these sexual positions she’s pulling off! She squats on his throbbing member and bounces up and down his pole like a bitch on a pogo stick, then gets on her knees so she can suck his dick. He holds her by her pigtails and fucks her mouth, cramming his dick down her throat and making her get back into that kinky handstand reversed plank so he can eat her out while she sucks his cock and swallows his creamy load of cum!   Thank you REALITY KINGS, Mia is the best in the business, she gets better every time I see her. Men or women, this hottie really knows how to “service” her sexual partners. Love her sexual energy, flexibility and or course, that amazing ass! Sensational teen babes with juicy boobs, firm butts and dripping wet pussies in the best hardcore porn ever! These guys bring you the hottest hardcore sex scenes, the sexiest teen girls, the biggest cocks on the planet! You won’t want to miss these hot teens in sensational dick sucking, hard fucking, family orgies, lesbian loving, group masturbating and cum drenching hardcore action!