As she sits on the kitchen table and finishes up her breakfast cereal, it’s almost time for this sexy blonde teen to get on the school bus and go to school, but she knows she can’t leave the house without giving her stepdad her very special goodbye! She left her uniform blouse unbuttoned, with her tie around her neck just so she could tease him silly with her cleavage and bra showing underneath, as the girl crawls under the table and grabs his thick throbbing cock, taking it to her pretty painted mouth and sucking on it like a naughty girl. Unfortunately they get interrupted by her mom, so she hides under the table and hopes she goes away so she can keep playing with her step daddy’s big dick before heading to school. It’s just not the same if she leaves without his sticky hot cum all over her face! Since her mom decides to sit and eat her bowl of cereals, the teen slut decides to keep sucking her stepdad’s hard cock under the table. She drools all over the tip and sucks it gently and slowly, biting her lip as she strokes it and watches it get so hard and erect in her hands. Her mom leaves, so they can keep playing and her stepdad is already so turned on, he strokes his hard cock as she sprays thick ropes of hot cum into her open mouth and all over her face! He even gets some jizz on her hair and she licks his cock clean, but she knows he still has a second round for her! However, she has to leave, but she begs him to be there when she cums back from school! The young girl slides into a sexy dress and sits on her stepdad’s lap, spreading her legs to show her shaved twat, since she’s not wearing panties, while he fondles her tits and rubs her muff. She sits on his hard cock and rides it, but her mom comes back earlier than expected! They play it cool as she sits beside them, not knowing her husband’s cock is still inside her daughter’s pussy! The Mom leaves and they go to the bedroom, and he fucks her dirty little daughter on the same bed he shares with her mother and cums all over her!  