This smoking hot brunette babe with long legs and big tits and her husband stop to pick out some fresh veggies at a local market, but she is interested in the seller’s huge cucumber! The feeling is mutual! While she checks out his cucumber, he’s checking out her melons, and her poor husband is waiting for her in his Porsche, with no idea of what’s about to go on! You know this rule, the bigger and the more expensive the car, the smaller the penis! He knows the lines at this local market can get pretty long, so he won’t suspect if she takes a while to get back to the car and if she’s covered in sweat when she does so. They sneak behind his veggie crates and she gets on her knees, sucking his huge cock, so much bigger than her husband’s tiny pecker. She sucks his cock balls deep and when they check on her husband, he fell asleep behind the wheel, so the seller takes this super hot brunette back to his shack! Here she shows him her big ripe melons and her dripping wet clam, bending over and exposing her naked ass. He penetrates and fucks her from behind and the slutty wife begs him to fuck her pussy and make her squirt with that huge cock. He slaps her juicy ass while pounding her wet muff and admiring her perfect apple shaped ass. “You’re such a dirty man!” she moans and grunts while he’s banging her from behind like a dirty little fuck slut, pushing her face against the mattress and shoving his thumb in her mouth so she can suck it. She sucks his dick and straddles herself atop, impaling her pussy on his dick and making her big tits bounce up and down as she rides his delicious boner. From the window on his shack she can check on her husband and make sure he still sleeps so she can keep fucking and he makes her stand in bed and finger fucks her until she squirts all over him! In between squirting orgasms she keeps riding his hard cock like a bitch in heat, squirting all over his dick and getting her big juicy melons groped, fondled and squeezed by her new lover. This babe loves huge cocks and hardcore sex! After he cums all over her dirty face and her big tits, the sexy brunette cleans herself up, grabs her bag of cucumbers and goes back to her loser husband’s car! 