This a video of me and my smoking hot girlfriend having wild sex. People say I’m very picky with my girlfriends, and I always need outside assurance that they’re hot, or else I’ll dump them and move on to the next one. But this girl is really hot; she’s skinny, sexy, has tattoos and loves sex. So I decided to film her and get your opinion on her, do you think she’s hot? The moment she sees me with my camera while she’s in the pool, she bends over and pulls her bikini bottom down to expose her bubble shaped ass and the delicious crack of her ass and tender asshole. My girlfriend has an awesome ass on her tiny body! My babe pulls her wet tank top down to show me her perfect tits and urges me to whip out my hard cock so she can give me head while I film her. My hot girlfriend loves teasing me when we have sex. She licks my mushroom head cock and then she gets out of the pool and we go inside the house and she crawls on the couch and pulls her bikini bottom down so I can get a better look at her wet pussy and her perfect ass while she plays with her tits and invites me to fuck her mouth with my big dick. The dirty talk just turns me on. My hot girlfriend pops it into her wet mouth and sucks it with a dirty look on her face, licking my shaft with her studded tongue and letting me slap my dick on her sexy face. Then she straddles herself atop my hard cock, takes my throbbing cock in her hand and impales her wet pussy slit on it slow and deep. She rubbed her clitoris while riding me like a pornstar and gently squeezing her tits while I continue filming her. She then lies down on her back on the couch and does some very sexy and enticing humping motion, moving her ass up and down, showing her pussy on my camera. She asks me to how many people am I going to show our video to, she loves that shit! She gets down on her hands and knees and rubs my dick up her slit and ass crack, begging me to fuck her little asshole! Face down, ass up! I adore how she arch her back in doggy when I shove the head of my dick in her tight little asshole! She screams into the pillow when my dick is stretching out her anus, then I slowly starts to pump in and out with full force. Finally I cum inside her ass and then I pulls my dick out and and there is some cum dripping out of her ass. 