His sexy girlfriend has such an intense chemistry with her stunning BFF, he convinces her into having a threesome with her! They are both turned on by the idea and her BFF doesn’t need much convincing! His girlfriend drops to her knees and lifts her BFF’s dress up, going down on her already dripping wet twat while he watches and films the girls. As she gets her pussy licked and rubbed, the best friend sees the boyfriend’s growing erection and she likes what she’s seeing! The girls both get down on their knees and take turns sucking and stroking his hard cock and licking his balls in a steamy double blowjob that leaves him breathless. He always wanted to fuck his girlfriend’s best friend; he just never imagined he’d actually get a chance! He sits down and she sits on his lap, impaling her pussy on his big cock and bouncing up and down while his girlfriend watches them. After riding his dick she moves to a nearby couch and lies down on it, spread legged so he can keep pounding her tight muff in missionary position. She rubs her slit while she is getting boned by her best friend’s boyfriend; the whole experience feels so hot and surreal. She gets down on all fours so he can fuck her hard from behind, feeling that thick rod pounding hard against her pussy, just the way her best friend has told her so many times before, it feels great! Naked girls take turns riding his hard cock and sucking on it, it’s going to be a long day and they are in no hurry at all. He takes his time pleasuring both women, taking turns, banging them in tandem and watching them having hot lesbian sex in front of him while he takes a rest and masturbates to them. They even ask him which one is a hotter fuck and he just can’t tell, these two naked girls are both so fucking hot and the only thing he knows for sure is that he’d much rather banging the both of them together than just one of them! Now that their threesome experiment has turned out for the best, the girls know they will have many more incredible fucks that will end with him blowing his creamy loads all over their dirty faces and tits! 