RK, more teen sex scenes like this! I love sneaking and the almost getting caught plot scenarios! This sexy teen girl knows she should be doing her homework just like her disciplined stepbrother, but this naughty teen has much more fun sucking his throbbing cock under the table! Of course, this means making sure they don’t get caught in the act by her dad! Ever since she walked into her stepbrother’s room without knocking and saw him masturbating to online porn, she’s been infatuated with his big hard cock and she takes every opportunity to suck it and stroke it, even if her dad is still in the house! While he’s on the phone and with his back to them, the little teen slut teases her stepbrother by flashing her tits and playing with them. She loves making him hard and she slides under the table so she can continue sucking and stroking that delicious erection her stepbrother has for her while daddy’s not looking. He pushes her pretty face against his crotch, making her choke and gag on his thick member as she deepthroats it… when daddy comes back unannounced! His naughty daughter hides under the kitchen table and the teens narrowly avoid getting caught. Then the teen slut lies over the dinner table, playing with her tits as her face dangles from the table’s edge and her stepbrother fucks her mouth! He pushes her lower body to the table’s edge, pulls her shorts off and fucks her dripping wet pussy! She spreads her pink pussy lips with her fingers and feels her stepbrother’s hard cock pushing its way inside her, it feels so good, so dirty, so filthy! Having him fuck her over the table makes her feel like a slut, his slut! She stands by the table and bends over it so he can fuck her wet pussy from behind, pulling her head back by her hair, then she straddles herself atop his hard cock and impales her tight pussy on it, riding her stepbrother. This girl imagines what would happen if her daddy would walk in on them right this minute and find his sweet daughter impaled on his stepson’s rock hard cock! This idea really turns her on and makes having sex with her own stepbrother even kinkier! He puts her against the fridge and raises her leg over his shoulder, pumping her juicy bubble butt with his throbbing erection and she squeezes his balls with her hands, she wants him to give her all that creamy semen in his balls all over her slutty face and tits and in her open mouth! 