They say beggars can’t be choosers, but when you have the biggest dick in school, you can get as picky as you like! All the girls want to go to the prom with this guy, and he’s taking his time to pick the right one, and hell, he even lets the girls audition to see if they are worthy of his time and his big dick! This cute nerdy girl with pigtails and thick glasses doesn’t think she even has a chance, but when they are left all alone in the classroom after classes, she realizes her petite size plays to her advantage! She’s the smallest in the classroom and as it turns out, that gets him off, BIG TIME! The girl wants to show him what he will get if they go to the prom together and flashes her perky tits and her gorgeous pussy to him. The teens start making out and the sexy girl drops to her knees, pulling his pants down and admiring his hard member and the MVP (Most Valuable Penis) medal dangling from its base. She slips it off his perfectly erect dick, licking, stroking and sucking it gently. She’s in no rush and she wants to take her time to feel and taste this beautiful cock in her hands and lips. She strokes and sucks it and he pushes her face against his crotch, throat gagging this little girl. The guy stripping her naked in the middle of the empty classroom and fondling her beautiful tits and body as she strokes his hard cock. Fully naked she bends over her desk and he penetrates her from behind, her young pussy is the tightest he’s ever fucked and it feels so hot! She’s a cute nice girl with juicy ass and big tits, such for an 18 year old. He holds her wrists behind the small of her back while he pumps her from behind on the desk and she uses her hands to spread her ass cheeks apart so his dick can burrow deeper inside her and fill her up completely. Sexy naked girl getting fucked hard right in the middle of the classroom, it’s one of the best school sex scenarios I’ve come across so far. He puts her over the teacher’s desk and fucks her in missionary position, with her legs over his shoulders and then tiny naked girl straddles herself atop so she can impale her tight pussy on his rigid mast and ride him. His balls are slapping against her ass crack and his cock drills into her harder and harder. His strokes are so intense that the girl begins to scream and cum, having multiply shaking orgasms. The naked schoolgirl turns over so her juicy ass is facing his way, squats over his cock and bounces up and down on it, and it won’t be long until she makes the MVP blow his creamy load all over her sexy naked body and extend an invitation for him to be his prom queen immediately after! Yay!   These teens are so hot. Love seeing innocent hot looking girls get fucked by huge cock, especially if they are small, petite and fun-sized. At ExxxtraSmall the youngest, smallest and sexiest 18 year old young girls take on the biggest dicks, swallowing, deepthroating and then getting their little pussies destroyed in amazing hardcore sex scenes. These tiny mouths, small pussies and tight assholes are ready to get stretched out and fucked hard.