You won’t want to miss this amazing foursome teen orgy. This is the story of three smoking hot babes that could do it all, or almost all… they just hadn’t mastered the art of swallowing huge cocks. Part of the problem was finding the right cock to practice with, so when they found out about their neighbor’s huge sausage, they invited him over so they could suck his throbbing mega dick together like dirty little sluts. These three girls look so cute and hot at the same time, all huddled up, down on their knees, their tongues stretched out as he gives them dick. His cock is the biggest; thickest and hardest these young girls have ever seen. They are a bit nervous, wondering if something so big can fit down their tiny mouths and tight throats, but this guy can do wonders and soon they will be professional cock swallowing fuck sluts! The teen sluts take turns licking and kissing his long member, sucking his balls and deepthroating his cock to see how deep they can go before their gag reflexes kick in. I really love when three young girls are sucking on a such huge cock together. If their mouths are so tight, he can only wonder about their pussies, so he makes one of them, a sexy blonde, strip naked and squat over his towering cock, impaling her tight, dripping wet pussy on his meaty pole and makes her go up and down like an elevator while her friends, totally turned on, kiss and swap tongue and saliva. He makes the three young naked girls pile up one on top of the other so he can take turns fucking each one and stretching out their tight pussies until they become gaping fuck holes for his huge dick! One after another, the girls get their wet pussies fucked in turns. He fucks their mouths some more, making them drool as he blows his creamy load down their throats and fills them up! Watch these teen sluts suck his mammoth member, get fucked hardcore, twerk their butts and swap cum at the end! These teens are hot, sexy and able to do things I would never have thought possible.  