When she hired her to babysit, this mature blonde mom gave this naughty teen one simple rule: “Don’t bring your boyfriend over!” You’d think she’d understand, but that’s exactly what she does! The naughty teen calls him over to kill some time. He is so horny he can’t wait for her to finish babysitting and since there is such a nice, big bed, he pulls down her panties and so he can fuck her on it. This young girl has an AMAZING ass! She has the most beautiful ass and she loves when her boyfriend pounds her from behind and butt slapping turns her on. Teens these days just don’t understand the consequences of their actions, but she’s going to learn pretty soon! She laying on her belly and getting fucked from behind, biting her lips and looking over her shoulder as her boyfriend smacks her juicy little ass and she doesn’t hear that her boss is already back! She’s pretty pissed catching them fucking, she’s paying this girl to babysit, not to fuck, and if she’s going to fuck with her boyfriend on her dime, then they’re going to fuck on her terms! The MILF orders the babysitter to suck her boyfriend’s dick while she watches and takes off her clothes, exposing her drop dead gorgeous mature body and big tits as she gets behind the babysitter and licks her wet pussy and her sweet juicy ass! She finger fucks her while the teen blows her boyfriend and makes her straddle up on his lap while she guides his throbbing member deep inside her and watches the teens fucking on her bed. The blonde gets turned on watching that sexy little round babysitter ass bouncing up and down that hard cock and she pops it out of her pussy so she can suck it and tastes the babysitter’s pussy juices mixed with the boyfriend’s precum and her saliva, an exquisite blend! She touches herself while watching them fuck and takes the babysitter’s place on top of his dick. It’s so big and hard, now she understands why this hot teen babe just couldn’t resist calling him mover, she would have done the same thing when she was her age! This crazy mom has skills! Love how she hogs his cock, grinds it and she can get fucked hard yet still give her partner a good fingering. The babysitter sucks her nipples while she rides her boyfriend and then two naked girls get into a 69, eating each other out while he takes turns fucking each one. The girls suck and stroke his hard cock together and the blonde gets down on all fours so she can get fucked doggy style by her babysitter’s boyfriend. These hot housewives deserve some young guy with a rock hard dick. She likes what’s going on and she thinks she’ll hire these teens together the next time so they can fuck her mouth, pussy and asshole together and he can blow his load all over them! Two hot naked girls, ass licking, double bj action, 69 threesome, cum swapping, decent camera work and good choreograph! These girls really do a good job with his penis. I bet this guy really enjoyed that. Well done MomsBangTeens!!!   Sit back and watch the hottest naked women seducing young sexy girls and having hot lesbian sex with them while sharing their boyfriends and their big cock in hot threesome action! It all happens right here at MomsBangTeens. The best threesome scenes featuring horny MILF sluts with big tits and juicy butts banging away with naked girls and their young lovers! These hot women love fresh pussy and dick and passing on their sexual knowledge and experience!