These girls might be young and small in stature, but they have very large appetites for HUGE COCKS. When this guy answers his door he thinks he’s being pranked because he doesn’t see anybody there, until he looks down upon this fun sized cutie with pigtails and braces, she looks so hot and sexy! She’s collecting firms for some odd cause and needs just one signature on her form to finish her task, but this guy decides to play hardball, just to see how far this pint sized cutie pie is willing to go for her cause! When the tiny girl gets on her knees as he drops his jeans, he realizes this little slut is willing to go all the way! She’s astonished by the size of his massive dick and plays with it in her soft hands, making it bigger and harder as she strokes it, kissing and licking its tip. His monster mushroom head cock barely fits in her little mouth. Thick ropes of drool drip down her chin and over the floor as he holds her by her pigtails and feeds her his huge cock. She strokes his dick and sucks on his balls, swallowing them whole. She may be small in size, but she’s going to try his huge thing inside her little pussy. The girl strips naked and spreads her legs by the edge of his brown leather couch so he can penetrate and fuck her tight snatch. She’s so tight and he’s so big, his dick hardly fits all the way through! He never fucked such a tiny girl before and she never had such a big dick inside her, they make the perfect match! His knob is pressing her vagina further into her tiny body, his cock is so big, her pussy can stretch no more. This girl can actually feel the tip of his massive cock slamming into her ribcage from the inside. He sits on his couch and his little fuck toy sits on his lap, impaling her tight cunt on his pole and bouncing up and down on it, still standing. He holds her by the waist and watches her go. Little girl knows how to grind and swerve that tight little bubble butt of hers too! She must have got most of the signatures on her form this way! He pins her underneath her knees and slams her against his huge cock, she’s such a light weight, he can put her legs over his shoulders and lift naked girl up, fucking her standing with her cradled in his arms. He puts her down on all fours and fucks her pussy doggy style from behind, trying to decide whether to blow his load all over that tight bubble butt or all over that cute face and those perky little titties! 