This sexy babe and her equally hot sister have a friend in common and it’s his birthday, and the sisters want to surprise him with a sexy birthday sex orgy! The invitation comes in the form of several sexy selfies she snaps with her sister while on the cab on the way to the party, flashing their tits and giving him a preview of his b-day gift! When the girls get their her friend’s cock is throbbing hard as she drops to her knees and gets her mouth fucked, thick ropes of saliva dripping down her chin while her sister watches them. The slut gets pinned against the wall and mouth fucked with her sister pressing her tits together and drooling over her perky nipples. She loves how slutty they can get whenever they are together! These two naked girls are both hot and look delicious! Now the crazy threesome fucking really begins. One of the sisters straddles herself atop his hard cock and impales her pussy on it, riding him in reverse cowgirl. Her sister begins to rub her clit while riding his cock and she sits on his face so he can eat her out. After a while she takes her sister’s place atop the friend’s hard cock, pulling her panties aside and sliding deep inside his meaty pole, feeling how it totally stuffs her cunt and fills her with pleasure. The other sister takes her place sitting on his face, getting her dripping wet clam licked and tongue fucked. He takes turns fucking both hot sisters and making out with the girls while they have hot lesbian sex together in between. The sisters devour their breasts and pussies, rubbing each other’s clits, cumming hard on his throbbing hard cock without stopping. The lucky guy pounds each one of their hot pussies, brining these two naked girls to amazing orgasms againg and againg. Having two smoking hot sisters together to fuck is definitely the best birthday gift he’s ever got and he enjoys blowing his thick and creamy load all over their dirty faces! Join the adventure! Don’t miss more the world’s hottest girls in the best hardcore scenes! 