While this sexy teen is sleeping in her bed wearing just her sexy panties and a tight tank top, her pervert stepdad found her panties in the laundry and was on his way to her bedroom to jerk on it, but now that he’s seeing her sleeping, looking so hot and sexy, imagining if the cotton panties she’s wearing are as soft and smell as nice as the ones he has in his hands, he’s getting pretty turned on! He can’t resist the temptation and tip toes his way to her bed, getting as close as he can to smelling her skin and starts licking her soft ass cheeks! This awakens her and she is quite shocked at what she sees. Her stepdad… licking her ass… with her panties in his hands… and a throbbing bulge between his legs. It feels dirty… and sexy… and so fucking hot it makes her pussy tingle and her panties get wet! The panty sniffer makes up with her, his hands caressing her knee and moving up the underside of her thigh, so close to her crotch. He pulls her panties aside and her pink pussy lips are already spread wide open, like a blooming flower! Her young 18 year old pussy looks absolutely gorgeous. Her pervert stepdad begins to rub her wet slit and her breasts, removing her panties, spreading her legs and eating her out! His wife’s daughter! He shoves his tongue deep inside between her pussy lips and her juices rushes into his mouth. He raises her leg over his shoulder and rams his hard cock deep inside that wet, hot, tight twat. It’s so much tighter than her mom’s! Such a cute nice girl deserves a good pussy pounding. He grabs the young teen’s hips and really starts to fuck her hard. She rides on his hard cock in cowgirl and flips mover so she can ride in reverse, bouncing up and down her step daddy’s big hard cock. She is just 18, but has an amazing ass! It’s a pure delight to watch these two round ass cheeks bouncing up and down. Her wet pussy is making a slurping sound as his hard dick slides in and out. The young naked girl rides him like a cowboy riding a bull until he’s ready to blow his thick and creamy load all over her cute face! 