It’s one of them awkward moments in life when this sexy curly haired blonde teen student enters her classroom after classes during a break to ask her teacher a question and she finds him masturbating… it’s just so hard for this teacher not to masturbate when there are so many sexy young teen girls in the class, especially her! She’s even more surprised when he presses his body against hers and starts groping her breasts over her blouse and his hands reach under her skirt and under her cotton panties so he can playing with her pussy that becomes really wet. This innocent teen girl is really getting hot but is not stopping her pervert teacher. This girl looks so innocent but man she has the experience. She drops to her knees as he pulls his pants down and that erection bends and then springs back and slaps against her face. The little girl watches amazed how big and hard the teacher’s throbbing erection is! He pulls her blonde curls in a bunch and pops his dick in her sweet little mouth, fucking her throat and making thick ropes of saliva drip down her chin. Amazing mouth fucking scene. These young teen sluts love slobbery blowjob and she grabs his balls in her hand as she engulfs his dick and drools all over it. He puts her against his desk, bends her over and slaps her ass, saliva still dripping down her chin as he pulls her white cotton panties aside, takes his dick and rams it deep inside her tight pussy strongly. The teacher grabs the young teen’s hips and really starts to fuck her, banging his sexy student from behind. A real pussy is so much better than masturbating to these teen girls! He covers her mouth so her screams don’t attract unwanted attention, the last thing he needs is getting caught fucking a student in class! He pulls her hands behind her back and pounds her harder and faster, deeper and rougher, flipping her over his desk like a flapjack and banging her tiny pussy in missionary. He pulls down on her bra, exposing her soft breast and they make out and the petite girl straddles herself atop his hard cock over his desk and impales her dripping wet pussy on it. She always wanted to be the teacher’s pet, but being the teacher’s slut feels much better! Her little tits are bouncing up and down when his balls are slapping against her nice ass, fantastic! This sexy teen looks absolutely perfect, incredible body, nice youthful breasts, her nipples, her beautiful ass, her gorgeous sweet pussy, everything! This young girl looks like she is built for fucking. She gets her pussy hammered in cowgirl and then in reverse cowgirl and she rubs her wet slit as he squats over her teacher’s hard dick, grinding her teeth as he fucks the living shit out of her tiny body! He pays no regard that she is just 18 year old, she is almost a virgin and simply fucks her like an animal with his hard cock. He pounds her pussy so hard and fast that it seems he’s going to send this girl into space. This little slut can’t wait for her teacher to pull out of her tight twat and blow his creamy load in her mouth and sexy face!   These teen girls are young and hot, they are super petite, coming in at around 5 feet tall, with tight nubile bodies and wet pussies that are ripe for good pounding. You will not only be amazed at their size and beauty of these girls, but the fact that they are willing to take on huge cocks in great hardcore scenes. Take some fresh pussies, match them up with some huge cocks, and let the fun commence. At ExxxtraSmall you’ll find loads of scenes with the youngest, smallest and sexiest 18 year old young girls spreading very, very wide for their well-hung partner.