These two best friends have to leave their lesbian past behind them, since these girls are two brides getting married in a double ceremony today, but sometimes, old habits die hard, so when one of their grooms finds them making out, he’s quite appalled. The girls were really looking forward to having one last hot lesbian sex session before tying the knot, but now they’re not sure what to do, so they invite the groom to join them for a hot pre-wedding threesome! It seems this guy is stressing out over his wedding and these two crazy brides are here to help relieve his stress with theur wet pussies. His bride to be is smoking hot, and so is her best friend, so he doesn’t think twice before saying…. “I do!” Lol! The brides take off their white wedding dresses and one them, the sexy third wheel in this hot encounter, gets on all fours with her big juicy ass in the air and let her lesbian girlfriend and her groom lick her ass crack together, that’s so fucking hot! She is on all fours as they peel her sexy white lace thong down the crack of her ass, biting on her ass cheeks and licking her pussy and asshole. Stripped down to their garters and stockings, the girls watch the groom strip and the friend pounces on his hard cock, sucking and stroking it while his bride eats her out from behind, munching on her carpet and asshole simultaneously! The she takes her turn sucking that hard wedding dick and share sit with her friend. Naked brides swap tongue, saliva and his sweet precum among wet, sloppy kisses they give each other. When one of the girls straddles herself atop her groom’s hard cock and impales her hot pussy on it, her friend watches her bounce up and down that meaty pole, anxious to have her go at it before she gets married to her poor guy, who must be waiting for her outside, not knowing what’s going on! She takes her friend’s place and rides that dick too, making her sexy bubble butt bounce while she snacks on her friend’s perfect tits and nipples. She’s going to miss those boobs and that dripping wet cunt and delicious asshole she enjoyed licking and eating out so much! This hot bride licks her friend’s twat while the groom fucks her tight pussy and her friend gets sandwiched between them, her groom pounding her pussy and ass from behind and she munching on her meaty tits by the front until he’s ready to blow his load all over their faces! The best part of the wedding happens when your guest leaves and your new wife shows you her best sex skills. But having threesome wedding sex with two hot and young brides… is much better! The brides cum, squirt, twerk, these girls are so hot! This is one of the best wedding porn movies I have ever seen before. You’ve watched thousands of porn movies, but now you’re going to experience them like never before with 4K and Virtual Reality porn. Combining virtual reality technology with these hot babes, sexy young teens and horny MILFs, will now immerse you right in the action. NaughtyAmerica is one of the largest and most trusted porn names in the world. These guys know how to film a good porn movie! 