This sexy blue eyed girl is doing homework with her best friend when she notices her brother walking into the kitchen for a second and she gets all flustered, the guy’s so damn hot and sexy! The teen girl can’t help thinking about how big, hard and tasty his dick must be, how deep it can go in her wet pussy and how it would be great to feel that throbbing hard cock in her ass! She excuses herself for a moment and ventures into the nearby den, where her best friend’s brother is sitting and she approaches him. She knows that he knows what she wants, and he wants to give it to her! This girl knows how to seduce guys. The hot teen strips down to her sexy blue lingerie with garters and white stockings and by the bulge growing between his legs, she can tell he likes what he’s seeing. Her best friend probably knows what she’s up to, but she’s okay with it, what better than having your bestie hook up with your brother? They start making out and she massages his bulge as she feels his wet tongue inside her mouth and he goes down her chest, sucking on her erect nipples and putting her down on all fours, pulling her thong down and munching on her asshole and pussy! Her ass looks fabulous as she bends over and spreads her ass cheeks with her hands. The little teen slut wiggles her ass against his face as he tongue fucks her wet holes and he eats her out before ramming his hard cock deep inside her tight cunt. He plows her and finger fucks her pussy until he makes her squirt! Then he pops his huge dick deep inside her tender asshole and gives her the most intense anal pounding she has ever received in her life! Her best friend’s brother is turning her into a squirting anal whore… and she loves it! She begs him to fuck her asshole and to fill it up with hot cum! An anal creampie is all what this teen slut wants now! Teens love anal, don’t miss the main anal sex web site by the link under the video! first anal sex, anal massage, ass rimming, deep anal fucking, double anal threesome, anal creampie… it’s a paradise for all anal lovers. 