Two young naked girls bathing together, it’s the best classic scenario, enjoy! The folks are gone and the girls have their first sexual experience with each other. They get in the tub together and start making out, touching and rubbing their pussies, that are totally wet and not from water. The blonde spreads her legs as her brunette friend teases and stimulates her pussy with the strong stream of warm water that makes her clam tingle and get so wet! She kisses her lips and nipples and turns her over so she can apply the shower massager to her tender little asshole and watch her squirm as she reacts to the intense anal stimulation. As she applies the shower head to her pussy, she darts her wet tongue in and out of her delicious asshole, rimming her. She replaces her tongue with her finger and finger fucks the blonde’s chocolate starfish while she holds on tight to the edge of the tub. Naked girls move out of the tub and into the bed, where she gets down on her hands and knees and feels the blonde’s fingers, lips and tongue all over the crack of her ass, her dripping wet snatch and her gaping asshole. Her friend makes love to her pussy and ass, same way she did to her just a few moments ago in the tub. It’s an exhilarating experience. The young lesbians get into a 69 so they can eat each other out and the blonde sits on her face, burying her bush against her mouth as she finger fucks her wet clam and makes her cum over and over. The girls nibble, lick, suck and finger fuck each other’s pussy to a orgasm. You feel yourself get hard (wet) as you watch two young beautiful naked girls masturbate in the tub, make out on the bed, but it isn’t until these girls begin scissoring that you realize you have just creamed in your pants. Teen girls scissor each other, pussy rubbing against pussy, the blonde lesbian lover on top, grinding her crotch against her friend’s wet pussy. She plays with her clit as she gets pussy fucked and realizes their first lesbian is sex absolutely wonderful. 