This teen girl is letting her stepbrother eat her wet clam because she is a little slut. He kisses her titties, spreads her legs and eats out her bald pussy. In return the girl swallows his throbbing cock all, the way down to his balls, deepthroating him while fondling his balls and straddling herself on top of his member so he can fuck her dripping wet pussy! Nothing can stop these teens… except her mom! She walks in on them at the nick of time! She’s upset that her daughter fucks with her stepbrother, not so much because of the fact that they are stepsiblings, but because her daughter has to save herself for marriage, therefore she tells them about anal sex! That’s right! If you’re going to let your stepbrother fuck you, at least make him fuck your ass so he doesn’t make you pregnant, slut! Being the great mom that she is, since they have no clue about how anal sex is done, she decides to join them in a hot threesome and teach them the basics! After all, she doesn’t mind having her stepson’s hard cock in her ass neither! Mom makes her daughter squat over her stepbrother’s hard cock and spreads her little ass cheeks to make sure he introduces his throbbing member in the right hole! She has to relax her anus to fit this fat dick in her tight teen ass. It takes a couple of tries until her delicious asshole stretches out and sucks his big dick inside! It hurts, but it hurts so good as she pushes her ass up and down his pole, her tender asshole impaled on his throbbing erection. Her stepson presses her daughter’s naked body against his and pounds her asshole with his big cock and she observes to make sure the teens do it right. He pulls his step sister to the edge of the bed and anally fucks her doggy style while groping her tits, giving her a lot of anal orgasms, so hot. The tiny girl screams and looks at her mother when her step brother destroys her ass hole. Then mom makes her ride his hard cock. She knows it can hurt a little at first, but the more sexual positions they can practice in their anal modifications, the better of they will be. After this, her stepson can fuck her daughter’s tight ass whenever he likes and even cum inside her asshole for all she cares. Having a daughter with a sticky anal creampie is so much better than having him pregnant with her stepbrother’s baby! Watch him cumming inside her tight little asshole! What’s one to do when the girlfriend won’t give up the pussy? It’s something every guy goes through at some time or another. While one of the most common excuses is that she wants to wait till she gets married, there are plenty of ways around such silly obstacles. Next time you hear those dreaded words “I’m saving myself for marriage” just tell her how much you love her and suggest another way she might be able to please you – her ass!   If you fantasize with banging your stepsister, eating out your stepdaughter or having your sexy stepmom suck your hard cock, here at Family Strokes, all those dirty fantasies cum true right in front of your eyes! Step-family relations take a turn for the kinky as mature stepmoms, horny stepdad, sexy stepsisters and stepbrothers strip naked and get it on! These horny guys sneak into their stepsisters’ room and fuck them when the girls sleep, pervert stepdad seduce their young step daughters, moms teach their step daughters how to swallow cum. Watch it all in the most crazy sex family orgies!