This sexy teen girl is with her grandpa at the bus stop, and some random guy waiting for the next bus to who knows where notices that she’s watching some porn on her iPhone! When she’s dreaming about delicious huge cocks, the guy whips out his hard cock and slides it in front of her face! Startled she lets the phone drop and when her grandpa picks it up, he realizes his granddaughter has that huge dick in her hands, still in awe with its length, thickness and hardness! It’s the biggest dick she’s seen in her life and the young teen girl can’t resist popping it in her wet mouth and sucking on it right there at the bus stop. She doesn’t even care that her grandpa is sitting next to her and watching! She squats and sucks that big juicy dick and grandpa pinches himself cuz he can’t believe what he’s seeing and the fact that his cute and innocent teen granddaughter turned out to be a cock sucking whore! Girls didn’t do that shit when he was young! The teen slut drools all over that throbbing member and spreads it all around the shaft with her mouth and hands, swallowing it and massages his balls with her soft hands. The girl gets down on her hands and knees, pulls up her school skirt and the guy pulls her red thong off the crack of her ass and spreads her amazing ass cheeks, darting his tongue deep inside her tender asshole and tossing her salad… in front of her gramps! Hot teen guides his big dick into her tight pussy and he begins to pump her, slapping her ass while grandpa watches. He strips her fully naked at the bus stop and she makes her juicy bubble butt bounce up and down as he raises her leg and fucks her in standing position. She runs her wet muff while he nails her snatch and he sits next to the old man and makes his granddaughter squat over his cock and impales her pussy on it, her big tits bouncing up and down with her nipples hard and fully erect as she rides that pole. She gets off that hard cock and the guy licks her twat before she gets back on top, her thighs trembling as she convulses with an incredible powerful orgasm and begs for more hard cock. You will enjoy watching this sexy naked girls riding dick in public to multiple body quivering and shaking orgasms. Dirty little slut wants her grandpa to see how this big dick spurts cum all mover her dirty face!   I love sneaking and the almost getting caught plot scenarios! After turning 18, these naughty young teen girls discover they have a fascination with big, hard, juicy cocks! The girls know these huge cocks are just too big for their tiny bodies and tight pussies, but they hope that lots of practice and fucking will stretch out their little holes so they can accommodate these big, thick, long, hard shafts! See the hottest teens drop to their knees, suck, choke and gag on these massive erections and get bent over and have their pussy plowed hard without worrying that they would be caught by their parents or passersby.