This guy’s sexy girlfriend is feeling oh so horny that she doesn’t give a flying fuck if her daddy is still in the house while she turns her boyfriend on, twerking her juicy bubble butt in a skimpy bikini by the pool! She stops the moment her dad walks into the pool area while getting ready to leave to his office and assumes the role of cute and innocent daughter. When he turns his back to her to answer a call on his phone, she flashes her tits to her boyfriend, pulls her bikini bottom down and rubs her dripping wet twat! The young teen slut likes the fact that she could get caught by her daddy, and that turns her on even more! He leaves and she lets her boyfriend play with her tight twat, pulling her bikini bottom down and bending over so he can rub her pussy and her tender little asshole too, she loves that! The girl strips naked and dives into the pool and her boyfriend fingers her ass and licks her pussy while she sucks his dick in the pool! When her dad comes around again, she gets under water and keeps blowing her boyfriend’s hard sausage while he talks with her dad! He grabs his Go Pro camera so he can film her sucking his dick under water and this underwater blowjob footage is simply amazing! His sexy girlfriend sucks his dick under water like a mermaid, without worrying about her father who can take a step forward and see his good daughter with the dick in her mouth. He leaves again and just in time, she was running out of air! But that don’t stop her from sucking her guy’s hard cock and stroking it with her wet hands. Naked girl gets off the pool and bends over the edge so he can penetrate and fuck her from behind. After banging her sexy ass doggy style they move to the nearby pool couch and he lies flat on his back, with her straddling on top of his hard cock and impaling her tight pussy on it and riding it hard. Sexy babe squats over his cock and pushes her body up and down his long member, rubbing her pussy as she does so, imagining what would happen if her daddy walked in on her and she was so turned on, she couldn’t get off her boyfriend’s dick even if she wanted to, not until he makes her cum like a dirty little slut and he blows his creamy load all over her face! I think we all know what would have happened if the mom caught them instead of the dad! Watch more sexy young girls in cheating and sneaky and public fucking scenes:   What is more exciting than watching real teen girlfriends almost getting caught fucking in front of the camera? IKnowThatGirl offers you real amateur sex videos featuring regular girls, girlfriends and ex-girlfriends, maybe even somebody you may know! The hottest girls caught on film sucking boyfriend’s dick, masturbating with best friends, having hot lesbian sex for the first time, getting bent over and fucked by huge cocks and so much more!