Who said being a plumber is a bad job? Check this guy out! This dude is a plumber and he loves his job, despite the fact that his friends and family think he could have found a better job. He knows something they don’t. First of all he can fuck all these women who call the plumber. The hot women that don’t have a man in the house to fix their plumbing so they need him to get the job done! Then he can fuck their sexy teen daughters while the parents are not around. Chewing gum and eye-fucking him, this teen babe is definitely hot and wet. This sexy Latina babe shows the world what a naughty little badgirl she is as soon as her dad leaves the house. He just finished unclogging their kitchen sink and she is so turned on by his physical aptitudes, the most primitive part of her brain tells her this is the kind of male you want to breed with and that makes her teen pussy tingle and her nipples get hard! She guides his strong hand to her breast so he can fondle it and pinch her nipple and takes it between her legs, there’s something hot and wet there that needs urgent unclogging with a very big tool that can pound her very hard! The naughty girl drops to her knees, pulls out his huge cock and takes it to her sweet little mouth, sucking it and licking his balls; after all, the tool needs to be well lubricated to get the job done and her plumbing needs it so bad! She is so busy sucking his delicious dick that she doesn’t even notice how her father comes back. Love the almost getting caught plot scenarios, her daddy is making small talk with the plumber, having no idea that his daughter gives a blowjob to the plumber right behind the counter! Her daddy goes and his naughty daughter strips naked and bends over the kitchen sink so the plumber can penetrate and fuck her hard from behind. He lies flat on the kitchen floor and young naked girl squats over his dick and impales her tiny pussy on it. She rubs her muff while riding his erection and she can already feel the effects of his manly plumbing tool in her clogged up pussy and hopes he can unclog her throat with his cum too! 