Taking pussy selfies is already a bad idea all by itself, but when you’re taking them in class, you kinda deserve getting busted! This teen is already in detention for using her phone in classes, and it looks like she hasn’t learned her lesson, since she’s now taking selfies of her pussy while the teacher isn’t looking! The naughty girl pulls her pink panties aside to make some good photos of her pussy under the desk for her friends. When her teacher catches her, he takes her phone and sees what she’s up to. He’s quite impressed by the images. Matter of fact, he just keeps scrolling through them, getting a visible erection under his slacks! She likes the reaction her pussy selfies provoke in her teacher and she rubs his bulge while he goes through her dirty pictures. She unbuttons her blouse, massaging her small breasts over her pink bra and he reaches out and gropes them. Her pussy is dripping wet as she climbs over her desk and sucks his rock hard throbbing erection, she loves the fact that she’s made his cock so big and hard! He removes her drenched panties, spreads her legs and fucks her in missionary position over her tiny desk. The teacher knows he can get into so much trouble if he gets caught having sex with his student but he doesn’t give a fuck. The nasty teen slut bends over his desk and spreads her ass cheeks with her hands so he can lick her tender little asshole and fuck her tight pussy from behind. The teacher’s dick is so hard! He lifts this tiny naked girl and puts her in a pile driver so she can suck his rod while he eats her out, then places her on her back over his desk and fucks her mouth as her head dangles from the edge of his desk! This teen slut is sooo HOT! I’m really impressed with what she is doing. Petite naked schoolgirl rides teacher’s dick on his desk, get her pussy fucked hard and deep on the floor right near the blackboard, moaning and crying with pleasure for the entire time. She came a few times it’s her teacher’s turn, watch him blow his load all over this teen slut! One can’t deny that this crazy girl makes a 120% effort to impress and please us in this classroom sex scene, even though the noise level of her screams is such that it almost require wearing earmuffs. 