I’m a freshman in my first day at college, and I already had an assignment with some classmates and they told me to meet at their dorm but it looks like I mixed up the dorm building number, because after knocking and coming into the dorm room, I found two smoking hot co-eds instead of my nerdy classmates! The girls looked as surprised as I was. One was a sexy brunette and the other a hot blonde, and they were in just their sweaters, socks and cotton panties! After realizing I was in the wrong place, I felt so embarrassed, and I think these girls found that kinda hot, cuz they asked me to stay a while. After all, my nerdy classmates wouldn’t miss me as much as I’d miss letting this opportunity pass! Since I already saw these sexy college girls in their panties, they wanted to see me in my briefs and just a few minutes later; the naughty blonde was getting naked and the brunette was sucking on my throbbing erection! I was going to get laid on my first day in College, and with two smoking hot co-eds! I had never got a double blowjob before! Two naked girls took turns sucking my dick and licking my balls, drooling all over my dick. I had to resist cumming on the spot! The blonde sucked my dick and the brunette ate out her pussy and ass! The brunette then spread her legs and revealed the prettiest pussy I had ever seen. She pulled apart her wet pussy lips in front of my hard cock, I thought I was going to cum right there. I’ve heard so much about these hot college girls and sex orgies in dorms and it all was true. I moved my penis into her slit and hard pushed in. The feeling was warm, soft and very wet. The other girl watched as I fucked her friend, squeezing and twisting her nipples with both hands. I increased in speed as I pumped in and out of her hot and wet vagina faster and faster. Naked girls got side by side and I took turns banging them both. Then they got down on all fours for some hot doggy style fucking, pushing their naked butts against my cock. The girls both knew how to fuck and knew lots of postitions. They rode me together until I was ready to blow my load and cum all over their open mouths and sexy faces! 