How to keep a fit bod? 1) lots of hot sweaty sex 2) eat cum for proteins! This sexy blonde girlfriend is on her way to the gym to make her perfect ass even better, but her boyfriend seems to be in the mood for some sexy work out in the bedroom, judging by the throbbing erection between his legs! He can’t help himself, ever since she started working out, her body is hotter than ever and she looks so sexy and fuckable in her gym outfits! She was planning on doing a squat this morning anyway, so what difference does it make if she does it with a barbell or on top of her boyfriend’s hard cock! He plays with her sexy tits and puffy nipples and slides down her midriff and under her gym pants, rubbing her wet twat. He pulls aside her gym pants and we see that beautiful bald mound of her pussy, so sexy! His teen girlfriend drops to her knees so she can suck that big hard cock and he fucks her mouth with it right here in the kitchen. She drools all over his member and balls as he licks them and strokes his rod. Then the sexy teen babe pulls down her pants and bends over the kitchen counter, caressing her tight bubble butt, ass crack, asshole and pussy with her soft fingers. He penetrates her from behind and fucks her against the kitchen sink. Her pussy is so tight due to her pelvic workouts at the gym. He holds her down while banging her hard and she strips naked on her way to the living room so she can spread her long legs on the couch and get her snatch fucked in missionary. She rubs her pussy as he bangs her and has her tank top pulled over her titties. She fondles them and squeezes them hard as his big dick drills her cunt, it feels so fucking good! He lies on his back and his naked girlfriend straddles herself atop his member and impales her pussy on it, bouncing up and down his hard sausage in reverse cowgirl so he can see her juicy bubble butt moving about. HOLY SHIT DAT ASS! This teen babe is pretty hot! And this is why every girl should get in the gym, train hard and squat to gain such a sexy and sculpted ass! Just imagine how good her booty muscles are squeezing his dick. The sexy girl flips over so she can see his face while she rides his cock, this way she can tell when he’s going to cum and pull his dick from her pussy and suck on it some more, stroking it until her boyfriend is ready to blow his load, cumming into her open mouth and giving her a creamy semen shake filled with proteins! 