Exclusive sex videos with young, hot and naked Japanese girls never seen outside of Japan! Don’t miss out on your hottest Asian sex fantasies, because these guys from Erito have the best Japanese porn on the web! This sexy Japanese schoolgirl stays in the classroom with two of her horny classmates so they can have some kinky fun after they got turned on during a Sex Ed class! The young girl unbuttons her blouse and exposes her bra as the guys set two desks side by side and she does a split over them. As she does so, one of them takes a look under her bra and the other under her skirt. Since she’s not wearing any panties, you can see her hairy pussy. One of her classmates begins to suck on her nipples while the other one fingers her teen pussy and yes, her body is reacting exactly as the teacher in the Sex Ed class explained: her nipples are fully erect and puffy and her pussy is swollen and dripping wet. The classmate fingering her gets underneath her and eats her out, then the other one takes her from behind and lifts her body while his friend keeps finger fucking her hairy pussy. As the teen girl reaches an orgasm, she begins to squirt, gushing like a fountain! This is something the teens did not see in the Sex Ed class! They put her on the floor and keep her legs spread as they continue teasing her pussy and eating her out. The guys eat her wet pussy out, finger her ass and pussy, watching more and more squirting orgasms right here in the middle of the classroom! Then they pull out their cocks and the girl begins to play with them, stroking and sucking them, feeling how hard and big they get in her mouth as she tastes their precum. Wow, this tiny girl can do the split! After double blowjob the naughty schoolgirl takes off her skirt and straddles herself on one of the cocks and rides it as she continues sucking the other. This sexy Japanese schoolgirl spreads her legs wide open and does the split with her legs straight out side to side while she rides the cock. One of her classmates pounds her hairy pussy hard while the other one fucks her mouth standing on top of her. Then she does a gymnastics bridge, when the two continue to enjoy her young virgin pussy and her sweet little mouth. Her friends help her try many different positions, taking advantage of her flexibility, it’s so kinky! She loves the way her classmates fuck her pussy and her mouth and she wants them to cum all over her dirty face! 