Thank the Gods for those “crazy mums” who “keep licking those teens”! This sexy blonde wakes up and makes sure that her stepsister sleeping in the bunk above her in the bunk bed they share is asleep, because she feels the urge to masturbate. The little girl is so concentrated in rubbing her wet pussy that she doesn’t notice when her beautiful long legged brunette stepmom walks into the bedroom and sneaks up on her, placing one hand over her mouth while she rubs her pussy and ass with the other. She turns her over and strips her naked while kissing her. The sexy MILF makes her lean against the bunk bed ladder and licks her pussy and asshole. She teaches her her teen stepdaughter how to eat pussy right, lick ass, how to finger herself, and shows her what the scissoring position is. The naked woman places herself with her shoulders against the rug and her petite naked stepdaughter above her and begins to pussy-to-pussy stimulation. Naked girls rub their wet pussy against each other, rub their clitoris against each other, it’s so HOT! I love the size comparisons beautifully done. The size difference in these two women is kind of hot! The naughty little blonde gets so turned on rubbing her wet muff against her stepmom’s and admiring her big breasts. Having hot lesbian sex with her very own step mother right next to her sleeping sister is so much more fun than masturbating all alone. She spreads her stepmother’s long legs and sinks her silky wet tongue between her fleshy pink pussy lips, parting them open while her stepmom rubs and squeezes her own big hits and caresses her stepdaughter’s soft thighs. It’s amazing watching this tiny naked girl with her face buried in mom’s big ass. They stand and her stepmom is so much taller than her that her big tits are at face level, perfect for sucking and licking her nipples. The sexy naked woman sits on her stepdaughter’s face so the teen girl can keep licking and tongue fucking her dripping wet gash and then places her knees over her shoulders and lifts her in a power bomb position, eating her out. Having her naughty stepmother as her lesbian lover is the best thing that could have happened to this naughty little blonde teen, she is so happy that she caught her masturbating! Soon the third girl wakes up, gets naked and shows them how to lick that pussy.   Moms Lick Teens shows you how wild, naughty and slutty these sexy women can be! These beautiful mature lesbians with big tits and juicy butts love seducing their sexy teen step daughters so the young girls can eat their dripping wet pussies for the very first time and also fuck with their best friends, sharing sex toys and taking turns masturbating together, squirting all over each other, tribbing/scissoring while they have hot lesbian sex! Watch these hot naked women and young teen girls taking off their clothes and getting wild together in the hottest exclusive footage! New videos, hot teens and horny mature babes are added all the time, don’t miss out and join! Only mom knows and can teach how to eat pussy right, how to squirt and how to cum hard!!!