I recently got hired to make surveys for money, but I was having a hard time convincing my target population to participate, so I decided to cut on my earnings and start offering them some cash in exchange for their participation. Even this way I was getting turned down, until I approached this sexy blonde with big tits in a sexy pink bikini. She didn’t think twice about taking money for the survey and that really got me thinking… what else might she be willing to do for more cash? As I walked her to her place, I offered her some extra money if she’d flash me her tits… and she did! They were so big and juicy! I wanted to see more, and for an extra prize she spread her legs and let me play with her dripping wet twat! Pretty soon the busty blonde babe was sucking my throbbing member and I took her to a nearby motel so we could check into a room and she could show me even more! She stripped naked and went back to sucking my hard rod and I spread her legs and began fucking her tight pussy. Yeah, I wasn’t getting any surveys done, but I was having so much fun with this chick! She played with her big tits as I nailed her in bed and rubbed her clit and I could see her boobs jiggling like pudding as I banged her. I laid flat on my back and she squatted on top of my dick and impaled her dripping wet cunt on it, sliding all the way down to my balls and riding my cock, her big tits bouncing about like basket balls! I just wanted to keep playing with her huge melons and feeling her tight pussy squeezing my dick inside of her. She asked me if I wanted to cum in her mouth or on her tits! She told me that she usually didn’t take cash for sex, but in my case, she would have screwed me for free. I just kept pumping her with my cock meat, watching her bounce up and down on my cock with her big tits until I couldn’t hold it anymore. I was cumming so she grabbed my balls and my cock with her hands and put it in her mouth, the first stream of cum was in her mouth, she kept jacking me over her tits, four more large streams of cum landed all of her sexy face, her naughty mouth and her big tits! 