My GF and her best friend got pretty turned on by each other while playing in the back yard with the slip n slide I set up. Watching the girls kissing and making out made me hard, so I pulled out my throbbing hard cock and held it in my hand. Lucky for me, the girls didn’t seem to mind and neither did my girlfriend! They told me to join them. The girls kissed while sucking my dick together and I hoped our neighbors could see me and get so jealous and envious! They smiled and their tongues circled around my cockhead and their hands stroked my shaft and rubbed my balls. It was mind boggling! I dont know how I did it, but I held my cum. When I thought I was already in heaven, the girlfriend’s friend pulled off her bikini, spread her legs and my naked girlfriend went down on her while down on all fours. The sprinklers from the slip n slide splashing water all over her delicious bubble butt and wet pussy and I took my chances and penetrated her from behind while she ate her friend’s pussy out! I rubbed my cock up and down her ass crack as she twerked her juicy bubble butt and I popped it back inside her dripping wet pussy. Now I could admire my girlfriend’s big round tits and her best friend’s big juicy ass, the best of both worlds! We went inside and the girlfriend’s best friend got down on her hands and knees on our bed, with my girlfriend on top of her so I could choose which pussy to fuck first! Two naked girls with two dripping wet pussies were waiting my dick! Of course I couldn’t make up my mind so I fucked them both in tandem! My girlfriend’s felt hotter and wetter, but her best friend’s felt tighter and deeper! Like I said before, best of both worlds! I was overdosing on their big juicy bubble butts, both of them so impressive and every time I was fucking one of them, the other was begging me to fuck her too! I used my hard cock to rub between their legs from one pussy up to the other and back down again. My balls were ready to give them amazing cumshot. I never imagined that I would end up fucking two girls in a threesome, my girlfriend and her hot best friend, and I was really looking forward to us repeating this experience over and over! Fuck, I wouldn’t mind if her best friend decided to move in with us and sleep in our bed, and they could use the slip n slide any time they wanted to so we could have another hot and steamy threesome fuck afterwards as hot and as kinky as this one that made me blow my load! You have to see this session to believe it!   The best in real amateur girlfriend smut is called GF Revenge! Soaked in hot cum after sucking their boyfriend’s dicks and getting their wet pyssies pounded hard, the last thing on these sexy girlfriends minds is the fact that their amateur sex video they just filmed with their boyfriend will get submitted here! After dumping or cheating on their boyfriends, these girls thought they’d get off easy, but now it’s time for revenge and these guys are submitting all those homemade sex tapes for everybody to watch, exposing their ex-girlfriends as the real life fuck sluts and cock sucking bitches they are!