I walked into the bathroom when my sexy step sister was taking a shower and watched her drying up without her knowing, but she saw me! She was a bit pissed at first, but by the way she smiled and giggled, I could tell she loved being the object of my desires! She let me remove the towel and twirled so I could see her hot naked body and her pussy was dripping wet as much as my cock was as hard as a rock! We were naked face to face and she started jerking me off with both her little hands. I probably had seen my step sister naked dozens of times before, but this was the first time she rubbed my dick and I touched her pussy and her lovely titties. She gave me a look that said, fuck me, fuck me hard! I bent her over and wasted no time in penetrating and fucking her from behind and she just smiled! Her pussy was so wet and tight and my step sister has one of the most sexy ass ever! I nearly blew my load in her but she slowed down. We moved to the other room and she got down on her knees and sucked my cock until she made me blow my load in her mouth! Watching my sticky cum dripping from her lips and chin was awesome! My slutty step sister giggled and laughed saying she can’t believe she allowed me to cum in her mouth. But she was still horny and I was still hard so she got down on all fours and I penetrated her from behind, pounding her wet pussy doggy style. I guess knowing that we were stepsiblings made the sex kinkier and hotter! Her ass was so big and juicy and it jiggled like jelly as I banged her hard from behind and she begged me to fuck her harder and deeper! She grabbed on tight to the sheets and sweat poured down her sexy body as I kept pumping her with dick meat and I couldn’t to pull out of her pussy and blow my load inside her! I held out as long as I could, but her beautiful young body, and her sexy little ass eventually won out. I filled her up with my hot semen and as I pulled out, cum dripped down her leg. I watched my sticky creampie oozing from her semi parted pussy lips, it was unbelievable. I had already blown my load twice in a row and the sexy babe asked me if I had another load inside me, because she wanted it! With my cum still inside her, she flipped over and told me to fuck her pussy in missionary. She rubbed her pussy as I hammered her, my dick pushing my own cum deeper inside her and I really plowed her this time! We were both so fucking turned on, it didn’t take me long to blow my third load inside her again! It only took a few strokes and I said I am going to cum and she smiled and I shot my load in her mouth again. The cumshot blew so hard into her throat that she almost choked on cum. Probably it is not the last time I fuck my sexy step sister.   When these guys see their half naked stepsisters walking around in just the panties, displaying their sexy legs and their sexy bubble ass, indecent thoughts come. These horny stepbrothers sneak into their stepsisters’ room and rub their wet pussy and fuck them while the girls sleep. They spy on them while the girls bathing and masturbating and then fuck them right in the bathroom. When the parents aren’t home, these sexy girls start sucking and riding their step brother’s hard dicks. What happens if a guy and his sexy stepsister move in together?