When this tiny 18 year old babysitter shows up at her client’s door, she has no idea that she has been hired to baby sit his huge cock! Yeah, as big and as hard as it may seems the kind of tender love and affection that only she can provide! At first glance, this tiny girl looks like a sweet girl-next-door type. But when this guy pulls his huge cock out of her pants you’ll see a glint in her eyes when that promises something much naughtier. She cradles herself between his legs and starts sucking that big throbbing member, feeling how much bigger and harder it’s still growing in her wet mouth. His cock is so big that only one head is placed in her mouth. This teen girl never had to babysit a huge cock before, but she already likes it so much more than having to look after bratty spoiled kids! He puts her down on all fours on his couch, pulls down her sexy pants and slowly penetrates her more and more deeply as her teen pussy becomes wetter and wetter. She tries to take it all in and after a few strokes her tender, tight pussy is relaxed enough for full penetration. He rams his huge cock deep inside her and pounds her hard. It’s just so big and thick, she’s afraid he might break her pussy in half! Still, she takes it like a pro, she has a reputation as a babysitter that never says no to a job. Her sexy little ass with that beautiful bulging anus looks absolutely amazing. Watching this huge cock going in and out of her body I just want to know how this huge cock could fit into this tiny girl? She has to remove her thick glasses before they fall off from the way he’s pounding her muff and he just keeps plowing her pussy while she’s down on her hands and knees. He flips her over and spreads her legs wide open, holding them apart by her ankles while he fucks her in missionary position and she grabs her firm breasts and pushes them together. The naughty girl squeezes her titties in her hands, just as hard as he is fucking her tight pussy, already getting stretched out and loosened up by his fabulous king sized cock! He pays no regard to her dimensions and simply keeps fucking her small pussy with his huge cock. He fucks her so hard, and she’s been fucked by many guys already but none has ever fucked her so hard or much less with such a big dick! She loves the way it feels anyway, she just wants him to fuck her deeper, harder and faster! Petite naked girl straddles herself on top, already feeling more confident, and rides his erection, bouncing up and down his rod, totally filled up by his cock meat. He flips her over, holds her by her hips and pushes her up and down his hard cock, ready to fill her up with his hot cum! His dick begins throbbing and twitching inside her and she feels him sprays his load inside her. Best babysitting gig ever!   If you love watching young 18 year old girls sucking massive cocks and getting their small pussies stretched out then ExxxtraSmall is just the site for your viewing pleasure! The smallest, youngest and sexiest girls enjoy sucking huge cocks, getting fucked and filled with cum, and enjoy every single moment! These girls may be small in size, but they are eager to take on the biggest, largest, thickest, hardest cocks in the industry!