This video is something amazing, there’s a lot of squirting orgasms, a great blowjob, split cock riding and even anal sex at the end. This sexy brunette works as this single guy’s housekeeper and she is always finding stuff around his place when she cleans up. This time, it’s a big cock shaped vibrator and she gets so turned on when she finds it, just imagining all the dirty things her boss must have been doing to his latest date with it, that she starts stripping naked and squatting over the coffee table so she can use the toy on her dripping wet twat. This way, she can clean and masturbate at the same time, since she’s a squirter and as she cums with the sex toy, she sprays squirt juices all over the coffee table glass and uses the window wiper to clean it up! There is some really nice footage with nothing but her squirting vagina filling your screen. This girl is a talented squirter and she squirts almost non stop throughout this masturbation session. She’s so focused on her “job” that she doesn’t notice when her boss comes in and catches her squirting all over the coffee table! Now that’s awkward! She turns over to grab her clothes and put them on, and when she turns, her boss is stroking his cock, and it’s huge! She can’t take her eyes of it, it’s the biggest, thickest, hardest cock she’s ever seen! Almost twice as big as the dildo she was using, and if that made her squirt so much, she can just imagine how much her boss’s cock will make her gush as he fucks her with it! She strokes it and drops to her knees so she can suck it hard. This babe gives him one of the best blowjob ever, swallowing his huge cock deep, slowly licking around and under the head with her tongue and lips and fondling his balls with her hands. After fucking her mouth he straddles this sexy naked babe atop his huge dick, she spreads her legs wide open and does the split with her legs straight out side to side and he impales her tight pussy on his rock hard cock. She rides his dick doing the split, then lying on her back with her legs wrapped right around behind her head. She even cums when he licks her anus, she squirts her juices almost in his mouth, awesome! This lucky guy fucks her really hard, drilling her ass, making her squirt like a fountain all over the furniture! That’s okay, she can clean it up after her boss cums all over her face and tits! 