The problem with teens is that they act on impulse and don’t measure the consequences of their actions until it’s too late. Just look at this naughty 18 year old teen and her BFFs, or best friends forever. Since her next door neighbor is a bitch, according to her, she decided to break into her house in a wild thieving expedition while she was at work and steal some of her shit. Her sill friends agreed to the idea, and as you can imagine, the girls got busted by the sexy blonde mature lady of the house! Now our teen and her friends must do the neighbor’s bidding unless they want her to call their parents, and the first thing she orders them to do is strip naked. She makes the naked girls stand side by side and turn so she can get a good look at their bodies, their tits and asses and their already dripping wet pussies. She makes her naughty neighbor spread her legs on her bed and begins rubbing her pink clam, feeling just how wet she already is. She pretends she doesn’t like it, but her soaking wet pussy can’t lie! She jams her fingers into her cunt and then into her mouth, so the dirty little teen slut can taste her own pussy on her fingers as she pulls up her top and exposes her big tits, making the slut suck on her nipples. This mature lesbian makes the teen girl get down on her knees and lick her twat. Mmmmm, yes, that smooth teen tongue feels good rubbing against her shaved snatch. She makes this young girl lick her mature cunt and suck her clit till she cums then she lies on top of her and forces her to do it in 69. The teen spreads the mature lesbian’s big ass cheeks with her hands and eats out her pussy like a real lesbian. Then the blonde spreads teen’s legs and fucks her wet young pussy with a big double ended dildo! Teens’ lesbian punishment session continues now with a big dildo as the blonde babe works it up their pussies and asses while naked girls posing on all fours with the ass in the air. If the girls play well and manage to satisfy her, she just might not tell their parents about their little indiscretion! 