I was sitting on the couch in the living room and found my stepsister’s phone with some nude selfies. Fuck, I knew she was kinda hot, but I never realized just hot until I saw her naked on the pictures! Her tits looked so big and her pussy resembled a dripping wet pussy burger, yummy! When she came around looking for her phone in her tight top and denim shorts, I couldn’t help picturing her naked. Hey, not that I had too! I told her I found her phone and her nude selfies and she let me make sure her boobs were as big and her pussy as tasty as they looked on her phone! With a naughty smile on her face, she pulled her top over her tits and let me play with them. I was surprised by the sudden display of my stepsister’s naked tits. Her tits were just so damn beautiful! They were perfect round melons, with pink erect nipples and big areolas. “Ah, that feels good when you touch me” she said. She seemed happy that I found her phone and her pictures, almost as if she would have taken them expecting me to find them! She sat on my lap and felt the hard bulge of my erection under my jeans and made me undress so she could suck and stroke my hard cock and lick my balls! I was in heaven with those sensations. She traveled around my dick, continuously licking and sucking, touching the head of my dick with her tongue. The entire time, she kept up her stroking with one hand and fondling my balls with the other, kneading them, caressing them gently. I couldn’t believe I was getting blown by my very own stepsister, and we were just getting started! She pulled down her thong, spread her legs and masturbated for me and I began to jerk on my step sister too. My slutty stepsister stared at my hard dick and smiled. I could see her wet and pink pussy lips were parted, and beneath that, her pink rosebud of an asshole. I began to lick her wet slit as quickly as I could. I ate her dripping wet pussy out before popping my fat cock inside her and fucking her hard on the couch! Her pussy was warm and wet. She moaned with pleasure spreading her pussy lips with her hands and I could see her clit between them. Then my slutty naked step sister straddled herself atop my cock and rode me as I laid on the rug, grinding her tight ass and pussy against me and begging me to pound her as hard as I could and to blow my creamy load all over her! The view of her big tits bouncing up and down in front of my face was stunning. 