I love watching my stepsister when she sleeps. I know it sounds creepy, but she looks so sexy in her pink lace panties and tank top, I just can’t resist touching her and feeling up her big breasts under her top! As I touch her soft tits I can feel her nipples getting hard and erect and by the way she moans and grunts during sleep, I can tell that she is enjoying it. I whip out my throbbing cock and put it close to her lips and when she wakes up she acts all annoyed and shit, but I know what she really wants is for me to keep playing with her. I take her hand and put it on my hard cock and she begins to stroke it gently as I caress her thighs, her pussy and her tits. She lets me pull her tits over her tank top and remove her drenched panties and she gets to work on my throbbing erection, popping it into her mouth and giving me head with this dirty look on her sexy face. My hand reaches her pussy and I start rubbing her clit ohh yesss “You are already wet. You’re enjoying this aren’t you, you crazy little slut.” I put her down on all fours and slowly pull down her pink panties, revealing her beautiful pussy! Standing doggy style with her ass in the air my naked step sister grabs her ass with both hands, spreads her ass cheeks wide and tells me that our parents will not be home til late and we have the house to ourselves. She spreads her pussy lips and tells me to lick her down right there and shove my throbing cock deep inside. I penetrate her from behind, fucking her hard doggy style and feeling hot wet, hot and tight her pussy is. She has a beautiful bubble shaped ass and I just love playing with it while I’m banging her in bed. Now she is totally into her role and looks like a dirty little bitch, down on her hands and knees and taking my dick up her pussy real hard. I flip her over, spread her legs and keep fucking her in missionary position. It’s so hot we both look down and watch my hard cock sliding in and out of her lovely pussy. She used to have a boyfriend, but ever since we started fucking she ditched him, she definitely prefers her stepbrother’s hard cock to anybody else! I rub her twat while I’m fucking her and I squeeze her succulent big tits. She always tells me that having sex with her very own stepbrother makes her feel so dirty and hot, she loves it and so do I. She strips naked and straddles herself atop my cock, she rides it hard and fast, begging me to fill her up with my dick and urging me to blow my load all over her! I tell her to slow down, I don’t want to cum too quick, but some time later I forget about having her rotate her ass and start pumping her deep, cumming inside her pussy.   At SisLovesMe family takes a whole new meaning for these horny guys when they receive the unconditional love from their stepsisters, cute, sexy, naughty teen girls with big tits, juicy butts and dripping wet twats that love being seduced by their very own stepbrothers! Watch these horny guys sneaking into the stepsister’s room, touching their wet pussy and fucking them while the girls sleep. They spy on them while the girls strip naked in the bathroom and masturbate and then fuck them hard. When the parents aren’t home, these sexy young girls suck their hard cocks, get banged hard by them and get creamy facials and sticky cumshots! 