At the beginning, I thought that having a gamer for a girlfriend was the coolest shit ever! We could talk and play videos games all the time instead of the usual boring and dull shit couples do and she wouldn’t be nagging me for playing too much, but I think it’s getting out of hand ever since I got my girl GTA for Valentine’s! She spends hours in front of the screen playing, since she gets up in the morning. She doesn’t even get dressed! While she played, I was checking out her sexy tight bubble butt in her panties and getting a hard-on and I wondered if sex would break her GTA spell! I tugged at her panties, pulled them down, nothing! I whipped out my hard cock and showed it to her, and she started sucking it while still playing and chating with her teammates when my cock is in her mouth! I must admit, it was kinda hot! She was sucking me hands free so she could keep her hands on the game controller. As she bent over I pulled her panties down and my hard dick rested against her sexy naked ass. My girlfriend has the sexiest ass in the whole world, for sure! With her panties pulled down and her naked ass in front of my face, my gamer girlfriend seemed didn’t even notice how I popped my throbbing erection between her dripping wet pussy lips, penetrating and fucking her while she kept playing. She twerked her juicy bubble butt up and down and pushed it hard against my cock, still concentrated on her game but at least I was getting laid, man, it had been weeks! I was intrigued, wondering how much stuff we could do while she kept playing, and I was just about to find out! Her two perfect juicy buttocks bounicng up and down my big cock looked stunning. My sexy girlfriend can twerk her ass for hours! Finally she put down the controller and spread her ass with both hands continuing to ride on my cock. I felt like I was in heaven and leaning back with my arms over my head, as I watched her sexy ass bouncing on me. After banging her from behind she took a small break from the game and stroked and sucked my dick with this dirty look on her slutty face, pulling her tank top up and massaging it between her big tits. She still had her headset on, so all her gamer friends could listen to the sucking noises as she blew my dick! Fucking hot! She told me to lie down and she straddled herself atop my hard cock and rode it, grinding her twat against my crotch as I rubbed her clit. She had her game controller in one hand and her headset on, trying to play while riding my hard cock and playing with her big tits. Her pussy tightened around my cock and she started cumming. I loved her orgasmic scream and fucked her harder. She was riding me, cumming and playing at the same time, that was so fucking hot. We got into a rhythm and I thought we’d never stop fucking. She told me to fuck her hard, I turned her over, lifted her ass up a bit, held her legs and fucked her as hard as I could, she couldnt help but scream! I shot my hot cum right inside her, I thought I’d never stop cumming, she was cumming at the same time, she was so full of cum that it was dripping out down her legs. We spent hours, that day, playing GTA and fucking.   Don’t miss the hottest sexy girlfriends in the best amateur sex videos you have ever seen before!!! This is not your average porn site! I Know That Girl is filled with real teen ex-girlfriends getting naughty and naked in front of the cameras in homemade amateur videos that will knock your socks off and get your dick hard! Just beware, you might see a girl you know down on her knees sucking dick, stripping naked, playing with her pussy, having hot lesbian sex with her friends, enjoying hardcore anal sex or guzzling down gallons of hot cum in hot user submitted videos featuring real life girlfriends and ex-girlfriends from around the web! The hottest girlfriends, the best home porn videos, leaked sex vids from GF’s cellphones, don’t miss the #1 Amateur Porn site in the world!