Who love skinny girls? You might really like this girl if you are into slim naked girls. She is very attractive with her elegant figure. This sexy schoolgirl is having some problems with her grades at school, so her thoughtful parents hire a personal private tutor to give her additional lessons after classes. Now that her grades are improving, they have more time left in their private tutoring sessions, and her tutor knows what she wants to learn the most about! Her nubile body in that sexy tight schoolgirl outfit makes his dick so fucking hard! He bends her over her bedroom counter and lifts her skirt. The first look up her sexy ass with the school skirt pulled up is quite stunning with only a slim thong in the butt crack. Just like the rest of her, her ass is completely flawless, she has very shapely tight buttocks. The horny teacher pulls down on her pink panties, exposing her delicious teen ass, her little asshole and already dripping wet pussy. He fingers, rubs and licks her ass and pussy and she holds on so tight to the counter. He grabs her hair and pulls it back as he penetrates her tight pussy with his big dick and fucks her hard from behind. This is her reward for being a good pupil and improving her school grades and his reward for being such a good tutor, lol! He lifts her leg and keeps pumping her tight pussy with her pink panties and her skirt still on. Then he makes her get down on her knees so she can stroke and suck his sausage and taste her pussy on his dick. The dirty slut licks his big balls too and masturbates herself while she jerks him off. He holds her head still and fucks her mouth with his throbbing member, spreading her ass cheeks and exposing her gaping asshole and pussy while she keeps blowing his dick. Finally he strips her totally naked, leaving her cute necktie on. When he slowly pulls down her school skirt, revealing her lovely bald pussy, you can see how beautiful her slim naked body is. She is a very slim girl and yet she has some fantastic shape to her ass in spite of it. This naked girl looks fantastic! The guy lies on the floor and she sucks his big dick some more and then the slender cutie sits on top of it and starts riding. He fucks her with full force pushing his throbbing cock deep into her juicy teen pussy. I love the expression on her face when her tight pussy takes his huge cock balls-deep! Naked girl rides it until her tutor is ready to spray his creamy load all over her face and mouth! 