Knowing his roommate, and best friend, is not around, this horny guy can’t help himself and spies on his girlfriend, who’s masturbating herself with a Hitachi wand over her yoga pants and they are absolutely drenched in her squirt juices at the crotch! She’s down on all fours and rubbing herself against the sex toy, twerking and grinding her juicy bubble butt, flipping over, spreading her legs and pulling her tank top over her big tits as the sex toy rips yet another intense squirting orgasm form her snatch! It’s in this moment that she sees her boyfriend’s best friend spying on her from behind the door! She’s a bit upset at first, but when she sees the throbbing bulge under his pants and realizes the reaction she provoked, she kinda likes it and wants to see more! He whips his hard dick out and she takes it with both hands and bagins to stroke and suck it, licking his big balls and reminding him that her boyfriend won’t be back until late, so they have plenty of time to play without him knowing. This can be their dirty little secret and keeping secrets from her boyfriend turns her on and when she gets turned on, she squirts like a motherfucking sprinkler! The sexy babe gives him a blowjob and he rips her soaked yoga pants at the crotch, places her down on her hands and knees and she twerks her booty, inviting him to fuck her hard from behind, bang her dripping wet pussy doggy style. She is so wet that you can hear the glistening sound when he pulls his dick out and pushes it back into her slit. She pushes her juicy ass back against his cock and he pounds her making her moan with pleasure louder and louder. Her big ass cheeks shake like jello when he pushes it deep into her body strongly. The sexy babe rubs his throbbing cock between her big tits, then she straddles herself atop and rides him. Wide hips, tiny waist, round voluptuous bum, perfect pussy, cute face with freckles, this redhead babe is so hot! He keeps fucking her in missionary and she rubs her clit with her Hitachi wand so she can squirt all over his hard cock before he cums all over her face and tits! 