I had never seen my sexy brunette stepsister so pissed off! Turns out she found out that her ex-boyfriend started dating one of her best friends and she wanted to get back at him! She asked me to help her make a revenge video for her ex, and since those opportunities don’t come around often, I agreed! She asked me if she could take a picture of my dick in her mouth for her ex boyfriend and how could I say no? I was amazed as she grabbed her phone, turned the video camera on, dropped to her knees and started sucking my dick! Yeah, it was awkward since she’s my stepsister and shit, but so fucking hot at the same time! If we wouldn’t be related I would fuck her, but I didn’t have to worry about that anyhow! I could tell that she was quite surprised with my dick, she said she had no idea it was so big, hard and thick, much better, since it’s bigger than her ex’s! Lol! She sucked my cock like a pro, even salivating over it to get it all nice and wet. When I said I was about to cum, she continued to jerk me off and suck my dick even faster and deeper. I ejaculated in her little mouth, and seemed she loved it. The crazy teen slut didn’t let go of my dick, continuing to slowly suck sperm out of me and drink it. My sexy step sister swallowed every last drop and licked the swollen mushroom head of my cock till it was clean. After we were done, that was it, but I couldn’t get her off my head, so the next day I asked her for a favor! Since I helped her get her revenge on her ex, maybe she could help me fulfill my fantasy of banging her young pussy! After all, I had a raging hard-on since she sucked me and it wasn’t going down! It was her responsibility! She got by the edge of the bed, pulled her panties down and got down on all fours! What a fine bubble butt and what a gorgeous teen pussy! She was awfully soft and warm down there. Her pussy was so wet. I popped my throbbing cock between her moist pussy lips, deep inside her tight vagina and began fucking her doggy style. When I fucked my hot step sister from behind she continued to read her school book. She asked me to hurry up, but I was taking my time, just enough time for her to get into it. When she began moaning and grunting, I knew she was into it! I pumped her faster, harder and deeper, and felt that her pussy was very narrow. I flipped her over, spread her legs and kept fucking her in missionary while she kept playing the role of annoyed stuck up bitch but deep inside was loving it. Finally my hot step sister took off her top and fully naked straddled herself atop my dick, telling me how big my dick was and how good I was, now the slutty teen was into it! I felt that I was about to come, and told her this. She just begged me to keep pumping her faster, because she was very close to a climax too. She rubbed her twat as I blew my load in her! When she felt my hot cum filling her vagina, her pussy tighten up around my cock and she began to shudder with an orgasm.   When these guys see their half naked stepsisters walking around in just the panties, displaying their sexy legs and their sexy bubble butts, indecent thoughts come. If they are family after all, what wrong can there be in these horny guys spying on, seducing and banging their stepsisters? These guys sneak in the sister’s room at night and fuck them while the girls sleep, convince them to pose fully naked on cam for them, watch porn together and masturbate to each other and even have sex with them for the first time and cum inside after pounding their tight pussies and assholes while their parents are at work!