My sexy girlfriend spent all day teasing me during classes, so as soon as school ended for the day, I sneaked into her dad’s house for a quick fuck with her! We were caught on numerous occasions where her parents found us together being more than just friends but my girlfriend wants to have sex and suck my cock every day. She took me inside, got down on her knees and started sucking hard on my big thick member behind the kitchen counter when we heard some noises. My hot babe was deepthroating my cock and licking my balls when her dad was still in the house! If he found out we were doing, we’d be in deep shit! Since she was behind the counter, he just saw me from the hips up, so I acted casually, you know, not like his daughter was giving me head under the counter, lol! While he asked me where his daughter was, she kept stroking and sucking my dick, what a slut, she was doing it on purpose! As he got closer, he noticed I had my pants down and a raging erection, now that’s fucking awkward! At least he didn’t see his daughter was the culprit, since I told him she was upstairs! He gave a short sermon and told me to keep my pants on and my hands (and dick) off his daughter and GTFO. He left and I decided to sneak in again. His naughty girl undressed, lay down on the couch in the living room and I grabbed her face and began fucking her mouth and throat on the couch, you know, to get even! Then she pulled her sexy panties down and spread her legs as wide as she could so I could eat out her lovely pussy. She’s so pretty I love everything about her cute sexy body and I especially like to lick her wet pussy slit and her sensitive clit. I pulled her body over the arm rest of the couch and fucked her dripping wet pussy from behind hard and fast, holding her ankle with both hands. The way my girl moves her ass when we have sex is absolutely stunning, twerking, bouncing and grinding! My hot girlfriend ride my dick, slowly massaging my balls with her juicy buttocks and squeezing my dick inside, so hot. I ate her out while her daddy came back down. I was on my knees, we continued to make out, with me sucking on her wet pussy and tongue fucking her vagina when her father talked to her from the kitchen. I worked my tongue and she was going to cum again, fortunately her father left and she climbed up on top of me and rode me again. I blew my load all over her when her daddy came down stairs and caught us! She gasp and said “oh my god what are you doing?” As usual a long lecture about sex and pregnancy was waiting for my girlfriend. 