Since her mom was out having a tea party with her friends, my girlfriend and I decided to fuck in her bedroom! My girlfriend is so sexy, her beautiful pink pussy is so inviting, it’s a temptation not to have sex when her parents aren’t home. After her mom had gone we started to kiss and make out and she started to stroke my hard-on. We were completely naked and I grabbed her ass checks and she started riding me hard. I had her in reverse cowgirl, bouncing up and down my rod, reaching over so I could grope and squeeze her titties and listening to her moaning and panting as I gave it to her. I could hear our bodies slapping together as he kept fucking me faster and faster. As she lied on her back and spread her legs for me to fuck her in missionary she asked if I could cum onto her face or in her mouth, but not inside her pussy, she was afraid of getting pregnant! I plowed her pussy and watched her rubbing her clit and I started moving faster and harder. I told her I’d pull out when I was going to cum. I put her sideways and spread her legs so I could bang her even deeper, harder and faster. She told me how big and hard my dick felt inside her and that got me even more turned on, I just couldn’t wait to cum all over her pretty face! I got my naked sexy girlfriend on top and made her ride my dick more, her juicy bubble butt bouncing up and down. I pressing her hot naked body against my own and slapping her ass and that moment I heard the mom’s steps. I missed this point of no return and felt my hot cum rushing from my balls and through my dick, filling her up! I just couldn’t stop fucking her. In that exact moment her mom was coming through the door, watching me cumming inside her daughter! My girlfriend immediately jumped up and started grabbing clothes but it was too late. My gf’s eyes widened “What!?! No, don’t cum inside me! Pull out! Pull out!” I finally pulled out and sperm flowed between her pussy lips down onto my cock. As she got off me, the sticky creampie oozing form her pussy got all over the sheets anyway! Her mother started her lecture about sex and pregnancy and I grabbed my clothes and ran away. 