They say the apple don’t fall far from the tree and it looks like my son’s got my taste in hairy bushes, because I caught his beautiful teen girlfriend masturbating in the living room while he was away! This beautiful young girl was lying on her back on my couch, with no panties on, with her legs spread apart and her hand massaging her big tits and the other rubbing her fuzzy pussy! I couldn’t help noticing her hairy bush as she rubbed it and played with her big tits! That was a wonderful looking pussy. Her beautiful pussy deserved a nice bushy creampie! When she realized I was watching her, the dirty little slut just smiled and stretched her pink pussy lips with her fingers, and kept playing with herself. Shameless I tell you, shameless! The sexy teen was giving me a hard-on as I sat by her side and rubbed her hairy muff while she kissed me. I groped her big tits and caressed her soft thighs while rubbing her really hairy pussy and tasted her wet tongue in my mouth. I spread her legs and ate her out, I love eating out a hairy unshaved vagina, kissing pubic hair and licking her hidden slit. I eat her out and the young girl got down on her knees and sucked my hard dick, playing with my balls and jerking my rod with her soft and tiny hands. I stripped her naked and penetrated her hairy pussy in the couch, fucking her hard and watching her sexy tits bounce about as she moaned and panted, telling me how much bigger and thicker my cock was. I lay on my back and made her squat on my cock, impaling her hairy muff on it with her juicy bubble butt facing my way as she pulled her body up and down my long dick. She really did enjoy that ride and so did I. Girls with hairy pussies turn me on so much. Totally nude is nice, but if there’s a nice tuft of hair hidden down there it makes it more sexy. I kept pumping that hairy 18 year old pussy until I was ready to blow my load, cumming all over her hairy pubes and promised to keep fucking her when my son wasn’t around as long as she kept her pussy bushy! 