This gifted modern artist and his beautiful girlfriend have a particular way of making art together! They roll out a huge canvas on the floor and get naked, she gets paint all her sexy naked body and becomes the living brush creating brushstrokes with her body over the blank canvas! She rubs the paint all over her big tits and juicy bubble butt and leaves their imprint on the tapestry while the artist watches and strokes his hard cock, his own personal brush, if so you like. Then his naked girlfriend gets on her knees and sucks his hard cock, drooling all over his throbbing member, thick ropes of saliva dripping from her chin as she engulfs it in her wet mouth. She deepthroats his erection all the way down to the base, she would swallow his big balls too if only they’d fit in her mouth! Instead she drenches them with drool and licks them thoroughly, turns over and squats over his towering cock, spreading her delicious ass cheeks with her hands and exposing her tender asshole and her vagina as she sits on his dick and impales her dripping wet paint coated cunt on it. She produces more saliva and lets it drip over her painted breasts and nipples; she definitely loves her sex wet and sloppy! This babe is so HOT, her man should give this goddess a proper deep creampie! She rides the artist’s erection, bouncing up and down his hard shaft, making her big painted tits bounce as well. She lies on her back over the canvas and spreads her legs so he can penetrate and fuck her in missionary position. They are both art now, they are melded with the painting their naked bodies and their love making have produced on the floor, but the fun is not over! The naked artists jump to the shower and make out as they rinse the paint of their bodies. The sexy babe strokes his member and he fingers her clam. She pushes her body back against his cock and feels it sinking into her dripping wet snatch and he fucks her from behind under the hot shower water. Then he lies on the bathroom floor and she rides his hard cock, ready to make another painting while they are fucking in the bathroom, still wet from the shower. This one will be different, her naked body, face and big tits will be the canvas and his cum the paint! 