When you are starting a new business, you will always face a few setbacks along the way, and each and every one of them is an opportunity for learning. This cute babysitter for example, made an error of judgment when she brought her girlfriends to the house where she was babysitting! Her client walked in and didn’t like it one bit! These are her best friends forever, her BFFs, and her associates in her new babysitting enterprise and they are just getting started and this guy is already threatening with shutting them down! The girls know they did wrong, but as good entrepreneurs, they are focused on making it right! When the girls get on their knees and start sucking his big hard cock, it’s obvious they will manage to keep him as a customer, and maybe even start a totally new business on the side, but that’s another story! The babysitter is a gifted cock sucker and so are the rest of her friends. They look so sexy fighting over his cock, licking his rod and balls! The guy is standing in front of these four teen sluts, with his head all the way back while they are busy fucking his dick with their mouth! The brunette in the group bends over and pulls her leggings down so he can lick her asshole and fuck her doggy style from behind while he slaps her juicy ass and the rest of the girls watch! The babysitter has her legs spread and her panties tugged aside, rubbing and fingering her dripping wet twat, masturbating herself while she watches her client fucking her girlfriends; it’s so hot and sexy! She wants to go next so bad! He grabs her, pulls her toward him and penetrates and fucks her in missionary position. She pulls her sweater up and her big tits over her bra so she can play with them while he bangs her so hard and goes taking off her clothes along the way. Once he has her totally nude he puts her down on her hands and knees and drills her pussy from behind doggy style. He lies on his back and lets the teen slut straddle herself atop his cock and ride it while the babysitter masturbates herself and continues watching them along with the rest of her entourage. She gets on top next and makes her big tits bounce up and down as she rides his cock and begs him to cum all over them! These teens of today know how to ride dick right. It turns into a real fivesome orgy when all girls get naked and ride his dick in turn. 