This guy and his sexy black girlfriend just moved in together to a new place with a beautiful pool and since they have no nosey neighbors around them, they can get naked and naughty outdoors and have sex! She takes off her bathing suit and as she lies down over the towel her boyfriend already has a huge erection and is stroking it with his hands, he’s so naughty that way! His sexy black girlfriend gets down on her knees so she can suck it, licking the tip with this dirty smile on her pretty face. She holds his member firmly at the base and licks it like an ice cream cone, her favorite flavor too, vanilla! He slaps his cock against her outstretched pink wet tongue and rubs it against her chocolate nipples and pops it back in her hungry wet mouth so she can suck it some more. She adores her boyfriend’s white cock and gives him amazing blowjob. Then black naked girl bends over, getting down on her hands and knees, wiggling her juicy brown bubble butt as he penetrates her dripping wet clam and starts fucking her doggy style from behind. She looks absolutely gorgeous, her tight body is smoking hot, her cute little butt looks perfect. He passes his hands all over her ass cheeks and lower back as she pushes her butt against his cock, feeling how it burrows deep inside her pussy funnel and makes her feel so motherfucking good and nasty! He lies flat on his back and the sexy black babe straddles herself atop his cock and lets it slide inside her until she is impaled on it and ready to ride. I love seeing his white cock going in and out of her black pussy. I love her tight pussy, firm breasts, those incredible legs, and her tight hot ass is so inviting and arousing. She has a great body for those who like slender girls. This girl fantasizes with her new neighbors spying on her from the windows of their bedrooms, masturbating compulsively to her sweaty ebony body bouncing up and down her boyfriend’s hard white cock, filled with jealousy and envy of their interracial lust on full display in their backyard! The black cutie rides his hard cock, pushing her pelvis against his crotch, feeling it bigger and harder inside her as she squeezes it with her pussy muscles. When she stops, he continues, thrusting inside her, filling her up. She smiles, she loves how he fucks her, and she loves feeling the cool pool water beneath them and the warm sun above them, sweating as they fuck in their new pool and as her boyfriend pulls out of her dripping wet pussy and squirts a white cum line across the middle of her cute face she realizes this will be their favorite place to fuck!   Black GFs brings you the very best in homemade amateur porn, filmed by horny boyfriends and their naughty black girlfriends! These hot ebony babes know that their boyfriends’ ultimate sex fantasy is filming them as they strip naked and fuck in front of the cameras! The sexy black babes suck their rock hard cocks and spread open so their boyfriends can drill their mocha pussies and give them hard anal sex! Only black girls know how to twerk the butt right riding a cock and they show their best sex skills for their boyfriends to film and upload online! Watch new videos and sexy black girlfriends added all the time!