The other day I was passing by my stepsister’s bedroom and since she left the door ajar, I couldn’t help getting a glimpse of her taking off her clothes! Of course I got an instant erection, even more so when she got on her bed and began to masturbate while talking to a friend on the phone! I stared at her perfect bubble ass and her young pussy with a landing strip. The door swung open and she caught me! Odd thing is, she seemed more intrigued and curious than upset! Since I already saw her naked and masturbating herself, she made me come closer to get a better look at her spanking hot body! She asked me if I wanted to keep watching her get herself off and made me close the door so we wouldn’t have any more interruptions! My slutty sister got down on all fours and began stroking my hard cock and licking it with this dirty look on her face. Blowing my dick turned her on. She drooled all over my dick and asked with a smile “Do you want to fuck me?”! She bent over, showing me her fabulous bubble shaped ass and inviting me to fuck her dripping wet pussy from behind with my big cock. She didn’t have to invite me twice! I grabbed her from behind. My hands were around her waist and her round buttocks. My sexy step sister has an incredible, round, jiggly butt, with a deep crack between those luscious ass cheeks. Her big buttocks were like two soccer balls. I looked down at her pussy. It was wet. She took my hard dick with her hand and placed it between her moist lips. My dick slid into her slippery twat. I fucked her so hard, watching her juicy bubble ass bouncing and shaking until she pulled me away because she was having an orgasm! Getting fucked by her step brother made her cum like a filthy slut! She smiled, rubbed her pussy a bit and straddled herself atop my hard cock, ready for a second round, this time riding my dick! I rubbed her clit while banging her and she did the same and I told her I was ready to cum and just about when I was ready to pull out, she told me to continue because she wanted her dirty step brother to cum inside her and creampie her! I blew my load in her and when I pulled out I looked at her cunt – she was dripping with cum, the sticky creampie oozing from her spread pussy lips! Then we fucked. And fucked. And fucked some more. Ever since that day and now that I’ve seen my stepsister naked and fucked her, she makes me cum in her every time! I love it! I catch her in the bathroom, she sucks my dick, drags me to her bedroom and rides my cock until I’m ready to blow my load in her pussy and creampie her over and over. Every time she makes me cum inside her and it’s so hot!!! When it gets close to sleepy time it’s always polite to allow a goodnight kiss. Not on the lips, but on my cock! DON’T MISS THE OTHER VIDEOS with this sexy sister here:   Only SisLovesMe can give you total access to hardcore footage featuring sexy teen sisters stripping naked in front of their brothers and doing it all on camera! The girls masturbate in front or together with their brothers after they were spying on them in the bathroom. The guys sneak in the sister’s room at night and fuck them while the girls sleep and cum inside their pussies. The girls walking around in just the panties, displaying their sexy legs and their sexy bubble butts, seducing and then banging their younger brothers without worrying about getting in trouble. The guys catch their younger sisters in compromising situations and convince them to get down and dirty to stay out of trouble. Shit! They will do anything to keep from Mommy and Daddy from finding out.