These two beautiful girls are so excited about the prom dance! The girls are hoping that their first sexual experience at prom night will be memorable… if they manage to make their dates pass through their dads’ filters! They get so close! So close! But these girls’ dads are not going to let any punk ass runt pop their daughters’ cherries, no way! They scare the guys off and spoil the night for their daughters. They are never going to lose their virginities like this! That’s when the girls come up with a genius idea, swapping parents, kinda like in the movies, only in a kinkier way! Since these two dads trust no other man than each other, they each get to fuck with each other’s daughters! Makes perfect fucking sense! The girls are so happy, because they get to fuck mature men they know well and have lots of experience and sexual knowledge, plus their dicks are so fucking big and hard! These fuckers will be much more memorable than their prom dates who’d probably cum under a minute anyway and have small peckers! This is the real deal! The babes rub their juicy butts and wet twats against their throbbing members and make out with them, feeling those big hard cocks pumping their tight pussies after popping their virginities! It feels so good, it feels so fucking good! They put their little princesses down on their hands and knees and ram their hard cocks deep inside their dripping wet pussies, fucking them doggy style with their prom dresses still on cuz the girls look sluttier this way! The dads are so turned on with this daughter swap deal, fucking each other’s very own daughters is just so fucking kinky and dirty! The girls eagerly suck their hard cocks and rub them against their titties, jerking them and rubbing their balls while they make out with them. The girls already kinda had crushes on each other’s daddies anyway, so it’s just perfect! While they are riding cock or getting fucked, they can see their dads fucking their best friend and it’s just the sexiest shit ever! These two are the hottest babes ever, the girls ride the dicks like real sluts! This is the best prom night hardcore orgy ever! They just hope their moms don’t come home and catch them this way, that would really ruin their after prom party, at least not until their dads blow their creamy loads all over them!   Daughter Swap is the home of naughty daughters that want a man just like their Daddy to fuck them hard with their big dicks after they suck it and swallow their creamy cum! That’s why these dads came up with the awesome idea of swapping their daughters with their best friends, so they know their beautiful little princesses are in the right hands and they get to bang their buddies’ smoking hot teen daughters at the same time! Talk about hitting two birds with the same stone! New hot daughters and sexy videos added all the time, so stay tuned