My petite Mexican mamacita with a sexy ass made my dream cum true today, dressing up in sexy lingerie and playing the role of naughty maid for me! This little slut had no panties on again. She hiked her skirt up and showed me her naked pussy and her amazing bubble ass, twerking it in front of my face. I put her down on all fours and licked her dripping wet twat. I tickled her little clit, licked up and down at the entrance to her vagina and my tongue slipped deep into her lovely pussy. I love eating a girl out before doing it. She got down on her knees and sucked my big hard cock, drooling all over it and stroking it while saying “Que rico!” She deep throated it all the way down to the base and licked and sucked my balls while jerking my rod. Her soft tiny hands and her little mouth fondling my balls and kissing the head… what a wonderful feeling! I oiled up her juicy bubble butt and pounded her hard from behind, doggy style, like the dirty Mexican bitch she is! I loved the way she moaned and panted as I banged her tight pussy with my huge cock, she says it’s the biggest and hardest she’s ever had! She pushed her juicy ass against my dick, shaking and grinding it like a filthy Mexican stripper slut would. I lied flat on my back and the dirty whore straddled herself atop and impaled her juicy cunt on my big dick, bouncing up and down my erection and letting me pound her as hard as I could. Her juicy oiled up and slick bubble ass looked so fucking hot as I drilled her tight pussy. “Oh my God, you’re going to make me cum!” the bitch screamed as I gave it to her good! I flipped her over and made her keep riding my hefty meat sausage before putting her down on her back, spreading her legs and fucking her in missionary position. She got down on her knees and opened up wide, ready for me to cum inside her mouth and watch my cum dripping down her lips and chin! I filled her little mouth, she swallowed my sperm two or three times and still ended up with a full mouth and some on her chin. She always swallows, she loves it. 