This guy just found out that his small 18 year old stepsister doesn’t know how to swim, and since he’s one hell of a guy, he decides to give her some classes and teach her! While he holds her and she paddles in the water on their pool he can’t help notice just how fucking hot and tight his younger stepsister is. The attraction seems to be mutual, by the way she presses her body against his while he teaches her the basics and when he pulls her bikini bottom down and exposes her tender lithe tight ass, she doesn’t seem to mind at all. Looks like she wants to learn a lot more than just swimming from her big stepbrother! He takes off her bikini bottom and sinks his tongue between her juicy pink pussy lips, eating her out as she paddles! His small step sister bites her lips as she feels his tongue exploring her wet pussy and ass, it feels so fucking hot! Swimming classes just got interesting, really interesting! He nibbles on her clit, sending spasms of pleasure up and down her spine and making her nipples fully erect. There’s some considerable segments of pussy licking in this video as he eats her wet pussy out in the pool, tongue fucking it, sucking on her pussy lips, moving up and down her delicious slit and making circles around her sensitive clit. This girl is so fucking tiny! Who wouldn’t want to eat that little pussy? The girl removes her bikini top and he carries her out of the pool and to a nearby lounge chair, where she gets down on her hands and knees so she can suck and stroke his tremendous throbbing erection. She can’t believe her stepbrother has such a huge cock, she loves it! She drools and slobbers all over his beautiful long sausage and he even fishhooks her and pounds her mouth with it! What a dick sucking I love it it for the sound. She is so wet and all this petite girl wants to do is ride that big dick! She straddles herself on top of his cock and gets her pussy impaled on it, bouncing her body up and down his shaft while his hands are rubbing and squeezing her lovely breasts. The teen slut squeezes his balls with one hand, making him pound her even harder. She knows what they are doing is wrong, so wrong! He is, after all, her very own stepbrother, but that’s what makes it so hot and kinky! That and the fact that his dick is so big and feels so good plowing her! He puts her down on all fours and fucks her doggy style from behind, taking dirty to her ear as he draws her naked sweaty body close to his. His fat dick makes her orgasm several times in a row without stopping. Then the tiny naked girl gets into missionary position and he pounds her hard, makes her his slut, she loves it! She wants his hot creamy cum drowning her mouth and throat! Another successful ExxxtraSmall episode! Small naked girls gets fucked hard by big dicks, this is so pleasing for the eye. You won’t want to miss the full 50 minute movie here:   How the fuck this huge cock could fit into this tiny girl? It will be only one you question while watching all these small naked girls getting their pussies stretched out in the best young porn videos! Small, petite, tiny, pint sized, call ‘em what you want, these sexy 18 year old teen sluts are ready to suck and fuck the biggest cocks right here at Exxxtra Small! See these teens taking off their clothes, getting down on their knees so they can suck their lover’s massive cocks and lick their balls before taking their extra large erections up their tight pussies and assholes and getting their mouths, faces and naked bodies sprayed with loads of hot cum! The tiniest teen girls on the net get pounded hard by the biggest dicks, don’t miss!