My neighbor’s cute teen girlfriend is so fucking hot, I can’t help spying on her when he’s away! I crept out and snuck into their place and watched her as the naked girl took a shower and lathered up her big tits and smoking hot body. She was absolutely incredible. She’s got great features: cute face, amazing tits, ass and wonderful tan! She stood there naked and wet. Wow, I just staired at her amazing tits and so sweet young pussy. She dried herself off and went to bed in sexy lingerie, sexting with her boyfriend and pulling her laced thong aside as she did so, so she could finger her dripping wet pussy. I was so fucking turned on, stroking my hard cock to her, and I blew my cover! I tried really hard to apologize for making her uncomfortable, but she was not pissed so much because I was spying on her, but more so because I interrupted her just when she was about to cum! The little teen slut wanted me to make it up to her and make myself useful, ordering me to take off my pants as she rubbed my bulging erection over it! I was instantly rock hard. She took a good look at my hard dick and popped it into her wet mouth, moaning and sighing as she sucked it. She kinda giggled as I reacted to her cock sucking and deepthroated my member all the way down to the base. Then the cute teen pulled her thong down her thighs and got down on her hands and knees, showing me her sexy bubble butt, ass crack, asshole and her lovely teen pussy. Holding her sexy ass with both hands she spread her ass cheeks and asked me if I liked what I saw. With one big thrust I burried my throbbing cock deep inside her cunt and began fucking her from behind. She was really tight. Her ass was perfectly carved. She was looking over her shoulder and giving me the dirtiest looks as I banged her hard. She took off her bra and showed me her tits. They were so big and juicy, so enticing. My cock was cement hard by now pulsing hard. She made me lie on my back and straddled herself atop my cock so she could ride it with her tities in my face. I fucked her in all possible positions and I didn’t stop until she made me blow my load all over her cute face and her big tits! 