I love excitement, and few things in life are as exciting as having my girlfriend’s sexy little blonde slut of a sister sucking my big hard cock when she’s not around the house, but their dad still is! She was drooling all over my big cock and the idea of getting caught by her dad got us both so fucking turned on! The little slut tried to fit more of my 8-inch cock into the back of her mouth, swallow my dick all the way down to the balls, when we heard footsteps. Her dad actually came down and stood by the door talking to me while I was sitting at the table, from his place he just couldn’t see his beloved little daughter down on her knees and stuffing her mouth with my dick without stopping while we talked! I felt that I was about to come right in her mouth when her father was next to us. What made it more frightening were the chances of being caught in the act. When he walked away she set next to me and stroked my sausage while telling me how bad she wanted it inside her, fucking her hard. Her dad came around again and while she talked to him, she rubbed my cock and my balls with her bare feet! He left and she ran to the living room, taking off her clothes on her way and tossing them on the floor. My girlfriend’s crazy sister bent over the couch’s armrest and asked me if I wanted to fuck her little pussy! I started fucking her from behind, on the very same couch her dad decided to lie down and take a nap on! Can you imagine what would happen if he were to wake up and see us? Damn! Fucking hot! I pushed my cock against that tender dripping wet twat and she put her hand over her mouth to muffle down her screams. We didn’t want daddy waking up in the middle of us fucking! I kept plowing her from behind and her pussy was so tight and hot and wet. I started to pump a little faster, we knew it was wrong, but that fact that her dad could caught us didn’t stop us. I raised one of her legs so I could stuff my throbbing erection even deeper inside her 18 year old pussy. It was hard for her to hold the moan when my dick drilled into her narrow vagina harder and harder and my balls were slapping against her clit. I lay flat on my back over the dinner table so the crazy little slut could suck my dick and squat over my hard cock, impaling her dripping wet twat on it and riding me, making her tight tiny body bounce up and down. I made sure her dad was still sleeping while his younger daughter was on top of my rod and covered her mouth so she didn’t scream too loud. This turned her on so much, she flipped over while still riding me so she could see her sleeping dad and I could see her cute little butt! Her petite sexy body drove me to fuck her harder. I couldn’t wait to blow my load all over her, hopefully before her daddy woke up and saw us! Then we fucked on the couch right next to her dad. The small naked girl wrapped her legs around me and began moving her hips, pushing her hot pussy towards my rock hard cock, to further stimulate me and her pussy. I couldn’t believe this girl was 18 year old. She kept on having orgasms as she fucked my cock to make me cum as well. As her movements began to increase in speed I could feel my cum start to make the journey to the head of my cock. I began cumming, the thick, hot goo was sprying all over her face, huge jets of sperm were squirting in her face, she liked it… at this moment her daddy woke up and saw it but I couldn’t stop and kept cumming over his daughter’s face when he watched!   These sexy girlfriends caught fucking in the best sextapes you’ve ever seen. Sneaky stuff is cool! So hot! Don’t miss more amazing sneaking at home around in the house! While parent/s Boyfriend/GF are home! More close call scenes! These girls have sex in the most unexpected places and provocative situations without worrying about being caught. You won’t want to miss the most hottest sextapes and the craziest girlfriends!