It’s nice to see men involved in their daughter’s life, just check this guy out! He’s making some snacks for his beautiful daughter and her best friend while the teens are studying together for a hard test! What he doesn’t know is that his daughter’s best friend is snapping some selfies of herself rubbing and fingering her twat underneath the table and sending them to his daughter! The naughty girl spreads her pussy lips with two fingers and takes photos of her open pussy, her wet slit and her clit close up and friend’s father cooking at the back ground. She is so surprised when she gets them! The pussy pics make her blush, but most importantly, they make her pussy start dripping under her panties! She just can’t help reaching under the table and rubbing that delicious soft, wet twat herself! She digs her fingers inside it and her friend places her hand over hers, guiding her as her father keeps prepping snacks behind their backs! That makes the situation even kinkier; he could turn around and catch the girls in the act! Her best friend tugs down on her top, exposing one of her breasts, her nipples fully erect as she licks the daughter’s shoulder and since it looks like her dad’s on his way upstairs, she sneaks under the table as her friend places her legs over it and spreads them wide open so she can finger fuck and lick her dripping wet twat! The best part of this is how her young pussy naturally juices up with pussy juice running down her ass crack and dripping on the floor. Unfortunately, her dad comes back down and the girls have to stop! This whole start and stop shit is making these two young lesbians both even hornier! As soon as he leaves they race to the living room, where her best friend gets down on all fours on the couch so she can rub her snatch while tongue fucking her delicious asshole. Love the ass licking! She imagines her dad walking in on her while she has her tongue up her friend’s asshole, that would be so awkward! The naughty girls start tribbing each other, rubbing their wet pussies together and grinding their bodies on the couch. These teens are so hot, especially during scissoring. Could watch these two teen lesbians rubbing their young pussies against each other forever! The dirty daughter loves having her hot friend on top, almost as if she was fucking her with her pussy while kissing her lips and tasting her wet tongue in her mouth. Two naked girls rub their dripping wet pussies together harder and faster, she can hear her father’s footsteps as he comes down the stairs and she needs her friend to make her cum like a filthy whore with an explosive shared orgasm before he walks in on them! Watch the full video to see what happens when the teens lesbians getting caught in the act! 