Why is this sexy tiny girl hiding from her boyfriend in the closet? No, don’t worry; she’s not a closet lesbian, lol! Matter of fact, this hot girl likes dick, like, a lot! But, she is scared her new boyfriend’s huge cock! I mean, he’s sent her pictures of it, it’s massive! Their long overdue fucking, and if she doesn’t get over her fears, their relationship won’t move forward! He throws her on his king size bed, takes off her clothes, spreads her legs, pulls her pink panties aside and inserts his tongue into her little hole. He eats her young smooth pussy out and fucks her with his tongue. It’s not quite as big as his cock, so it will help her loosen up her vaginal muscles for the real deal! He pulls down her panties and stuffs them all the way up her mouth, then pops out his massive cock. He makes her suck it, that way she can get used to the taste, size, thickness and girth! Thick ropes of saliva drip down the side of her lips as the teen babe attempts to deepthroat such a massive erection and she strokes his huge penis, spreading the drool along his shaft. Now his dick is lubed and ready for her little pussy. The tiny girl straddles herself atop his hard cock, gaspes for air and impales her dripping wet pussy on it. The 11 inches go almost inside of her petite body, the sensation is incredible! As it slides into her tight pussy she is bitting her lip. Yeah, it’s big, but it feels so fucking good inside her! The teen is screaming real loud as his huge cock is pumping the inside of her stomach. Soon she starts to be comfortable with the whole thing, riding his massive cock like a pro. Since she is on top, she gets to control his huge cock. Yay, her fears are conquered! Now comes the good part, when her boyfriend puts her in a full nelson and fucks the living shit out of her tight little pussy with his gargantuan member! He pounds her making her amazing ass bouncing up and down, then he lifts the small naked girl up and fucks her standing up, then throws her on the bed and destroys her pussy missionary. He fucks the living daylights out of her before blowing his load all over her pretty face! 