It’s his beautiful girlfriend’s birthday and she shares a secret with him, that she always dreamed about a stranger who would take her body and just pound the shit out of her! Wow, what a naughty confession! He is a good lover, but… he likes it slow and gentle and his girlfriend wants it rough, hard, fast, to be fucked, raped, abused!!! He can’t take this off his mind, and since he loves his girlfriend so much, the next morning he comes over to his girlfriend’s with a friend… She’s soundly asleep when she is awakened by a masked stranger who covers her mouth with his gloved hands and rips her top, exposing her breasts as delighted and ecstatic; she realizes that her thoughtful boyfriend is making her dirtiest fantasy cum true! The masked man whips out his hard cock and thrusts it deep down her throat, making her choke and gag on his erection as he fucks her mouth. Her hands are restrained behind her back, drool dripping down the sides of her lips as he spreads her legs, makes her suck his gloved fingers while slapping her tits and muff over her drenched lace panties. He pulls her hair, slaps her face with his cock and makes her swallow his balls. He pushes his balls in her mouth as deep as they can go. He fucks her throat with his huge cock and her mouth with his balls until she is gasping like crazy for air. She starts screaming with passion “Fuck me! bang me HARD! fuck my brains out!” He rubs her dripping wet pussy and fingers her asshole while pounding her cunt with his throbbing cock. The slutty girlfriend is looking in his eyes, moaning with that mixture of pleasure, pain, and the despair. While her boyfriend watches as his friend rapes his girlfriend, just keeps fucking her faster and faster, she starts to scream in pleasure, she is so aroused. Her hands tied behind her back, she gets the shit pounded out of her, just like she always fantasized about! He is thrusting in faster and faster, hammering her deeper and deeper, she is screaming loud and with pleasure. He straddles her on top of his cock and impales her dripping wet pussy on it and she bounces up and down his meaty pole. She really enjoys it and starts moving her hips to his motion. Her gorgeous sexy bubble butt is almost split in two as the speed of his huge cock going in and out of that soaked pussy increases to ramming speed. He pins her shoulders to the floor and pounds her wet gash, making her cum over and over like a filthy whore until he’s ready to cum! She yells “CUM IN ME, cum in me…!” The horny slut begins moaning with each incredible squirt of his sperm filling her vagina with a loud popping sound. At the end she says her boyfriend that it is the greatest orgasm and greatest sex that she has ever had in her life. 