I can’t take it anymore! I know she’s my girlfriend’s best friend and all, but she just keeps flirting with me and teasing me every chance she gets! And this time, my girlfriend is not even around! Her best friend came over to leave some stuff and sat on the couch, spreading her legs and rubbing her muff over her panties! She gives me the sexiest look, pulls them aside and shows me her pink slit, daring me to touch her little pussy before my girl, her best friend, comes back! If she would be ugly and fat I could resist, but she’s so fucking gorgeous! Long sexy legs, cute little butt, lovely face, charming smile, she’s 19 years old and dripping with sexuality. Sexy babe spreads her legs wide open and holds them apart as I dive into her wet muff and lick her dripping wet slit and she tussles my hair with her soft fingers. I’m licking her beautiful pussy, oving my tongue all over her pussy lips and between them. She tastes so sweet and juicy. Smiling she kneels down in front of me, pulls down my pants and my hard 8 inches springs out into her face. She takes my swollen cock, slowly opens her lips and swallows the head of my cock and begins licking all around the purple mushroom and under the ridge, sucking and stroking my throbbing erection with this dirty look on her face. She tells me she has been waiting so long for this, and so have I! I just hope we don’t get busted by my girlfriend! She strips naked so sensually and looks longingly at my cock which is hard and throbbing up and down. This teen babe is utterly sexy. She straddles herself on my hard cock, guiding it deep inside her wet, hot twat! She’s so fucking tight, wet and hot. Beautiful girl and a beautiful pussy! She removes her bra as she makes her juicy bubble butt bounce up and down my cock and she shakes and twerks it like a fucking pro! Now that I’m finally fucking her, I know I won’t be able to stop! This is too fucking good! So good, I have to get it on film, and she loves being in front of the camera, even grabbing it so she can get some footage of her own while we are fucking. She flips over so she can look my way while she keeps riding my cock, and she’s bouncing on my cock so hard I’m worried she’ll bust my balls! This babe knows how to ride a dick, men love to have sex with the woman on top, it’s one of the best sex, unfortunately my gf doesn’t like riding my dick. Then naked girl gets in missionary and we caress each other as we keep fucking on the very same couch where my girlfriend and I watch our favorite sitcoms! I stay still and she grinds her pelvis against my cock, actually fucking my dick with her pussy, telling me she wants to be my fuck slut and that she wants me to cum all over her dirty face, her titties, her naked body and fill her filthy mouth with my creamy semen before my girl returns!   Looks like somebody you know? Anything is possible, because I Know That Girl is filled with sexy, naughty real teen ex-girlfriends filmed by their exes and exposed online in raunchy real footage added weekly, homemade and user submitted videos with hot real amateur girls stripping naked, masturbating, having hot lesbian sex, sucking cock, fucking and receiving facials and cumshots in hot couples, threesomes and group sex action with their ex-boyfriends and friends! These girls could be your next door neighbors, co-workers, classmates or maybe even an ex-girlfriend! Check it out now, new videos and real life ex-girlfriends added all the time!