Well one day my girlfriend came back from school, she was so hot and began to tease me in her bedroom. She was wearing a sexy pullover, thigh high socks and pink lace panties, pulling the pullover over her big delicious tits and showing me her juicy bubble butt to get my dick hard. She lay on her back, spread her legs and pulled her pink panties aside so I could rub her dripping wet pink slit. I was rubbing her moist pussy lips, caressing her sensitive clit and her slit and at that very moment we heard the door open. It was her dad downstairs, she quickly grabbed me and hid in the bathroom! While he was talking to her through the bathroom door, I was eating out her dripping wet pussy and ass from behind! I just couldn’t help myself when I saw my girlfriend’s naked ass and her little pussy between her juicy buttocks. My cock swelled in my pants but we could be caught by her dad any moment. This fact made the experience all that more exciting. Finally he left and My hot girlfriend dropped to her knees in the bathroom so she could stroke and suck my throbbing member. When her lips touched my dick I thought I would explode right in her mouth, this little mouth almost made be blow. She lifted her pullover so she could massage her big tits while giving me head. She swallowed my thick sausage whole and pressed her tits together. Then she slid down her tiny panties, bent over and spread her perfect ass cheeks with both hands so I could fuck her dripping wet pussy from behind while sitting on the toilet. Absolutly amazing, perfect, flawless ass! She pushed her juicy bubble butt against my hard cock and felt my thick rod stuffing her super tight pussy. She just wanted my dick, and she wanted it so bad, she didn’t give a fuck if her dad was still in the house! I was fucking her from behind next to the bathroom sink, so we could see our reflection in the mirror and I striped her totally naked and restrained her arms behind the small of her back while I kept pounding her hard. The old fart came around again and opened the bathroom door, fuck, he didn’t even knock! I kept banging her amazing pussy from behind while she talked with him and when he left again, I went back to fucking her pussy full throttle. It only increased my arousal. Then my naked girlfriend went out and made sure daddy was gone so we could fuck in her bed, where she sucked my hard dick, drooling all over it. She got down on all fours  in front of me, showing off her perfect ass, rubbing her wet slit, shaking that sexy little bubble butt and spreading her ass cheeks wide open so I could fuck her deeper and harder doggy style. I spread her ass cheeks, put my dick between her pussy lips and fucked her as hard as I could, making her moan with pleasure and push her ass against my dick. Then my crazy girlfriend straddled herself atop my erection and rode me, dirty little cunt got so excited when we fucked with her daddy around, I bet she fantasized with getting caught by daddy with my dick in her pussy! We fucked for about half an hour before I was going to cum in her mouth. Her tongue was swirling around my cockhead gathering up all the sperm as it oozed out of it. Her sweet lips tightened around my cock and she sucked hard as I continued to shoot a huge amount of cum in her mouth filling it more and more.   More sneaky scenes like this? And more getting caught scenes? The hottest teenage girls in porn, the craziest scenes, see them only on MOFOS! Don’t miss these hot teens in the best amateur sex videos you have ever seen before!!! This is not your average porn site! This is #1 amateur teen porn site in the world! MOFOS is filled with real girls getting naughty and naked in front of the cameras, getting their teen pussies fucked hard by huge cocks and their cute faces covered with cum. They are real cock hungry teen sluts!