This girl hates going to school. She decides to trick her mom and her step dad that she leaves for school, when she actually just stays home, playing video games, watching TV and playing with her little pussy. She sneaks into the house after her step dad goes to work. But she’s not counting on him returning back from work earlier than usual! She’s not supposed to be there in the first place and she tries to hide and sneak out behind his back. Good thing she’s such a small girl, shes able to hide under the table or under the kitchen cabinet but her stepdad finally finds her hiding in the kitchen! He pulls out his phone to send pictures to her mom to prove how much of a truant she has been. If he tells her mom she will be in big trouble, so she uses her seduction skills on him, rubbing his throbbing cock under his slacks and feeling it getting bigger and harder as she touches it! Small girl drops to her knees and begins sucking his hard cock, she’s a nasty little cock sucker! He fucks her mouth and rubs his dick all over her slutty face as she removes her top and plays with her nice tits while he keeps banging her throat! The girl strips naked and straddles herself on top of his hard dick, impaling her dripping wet snatch on it and bouncing up and down his dick. She’s young but her tits are so ripe. He’s admiring her youthful breasts while she squeezes them and jiggle them for him. She had no idea the stepfather’s cock was so big and hard and he had no idea his stepdaughter was such a dirty little slut! She turns over and keeps riding his hard dick, watching her bubble but bouncing up and down on his dick. He stuffs her small mouth with his big cock, making her gag and choke. Then the naked girl lies on her back in the middle of the living room, raises her legs together high in the air, so that her stepdad can eat her pussy and ass and fucks her in pile driver and reverse pile driver positions. He beats up her teen pussy like there’s no tomorrow. He makes his slutty step daughter squat over his throbbing erection some more, before blowing his load all over her cute face and her succulent teen bobbies! 