My stepsister has a crush on me ever since we met for the first time after our parents got together. I think the idea of getting banged by her very own stepbrother turns her on, but I usually just ignore her and pretend she’s just playing games with me or pushing my buttons. Problem is, it’s getting pretty hard to ignore her, since she’s getting more and more provocative with each encounter we have, and since we live under the same roof with our parents, you can imagine the sexual tension at this point; you can cut it with a knife! My step sister always has a little grin on her face that says, “I have dirty thoughts and I know you do too”. We’re sitting on the living room couch and the flirting begins again. It feels like a game of who will make the first move. And finally she gets up and her skirt is hiked up and I can see her naked juicy bubble ass!!! She’s not wearing any panties!!! I just can’t resist, grabbing her meaty ass cheeks! My step sister’s ass is absolutely amazing, two big round buttocks and a little pussy between them. I can stare at her naked ass and I certainly take the opportunity. She’s so turned on and I just want to see how far she can go. She spreads her legs and starts rubbing her dripping wet muff in front of me, telling me she can’t resist this any longer, and honestly, neither can I! Then she leans over and unzips my jeans, pulling out my throbbing cock and taking it to her wet mouth, sucking it hard like a dirty little slut. This teen slut gives great head! We go to her bedroom and she strips naked and gets in her bed, masturbating herself for me and showing me how wet her pussy is. She keeps sucking my hard cock and stroking it slow and gentle. I don’t think my dick has ever been so fucking hard, man! There is no turning back, my sexy naked step sister gets down on her hands and knees, spreads her hot, tight, fleshy ass cheeks and I instantly move so that my prick touch the hot wetness of her slit. I ram my hard cock deep inside her wet cunt, grabbing her tight bubble butt as I fuck her doggy style from behind. I can’t believe it, I’m sliding in and out of my naked little sister and I know I’m about to cum at any moment. She straddles herself atop my lap and impales her snatch on my dick, riding it, then leaning back and spreading her legs so I can keep plowing her pussy in missionary position. We’ve both been waiting so long for this moment! I grab her titties while I’m fucking her and she gets back on top, this time in reverse cowgirl, so I can check out her juicy butt bouncing up and down my hard rod until my dirty little slut stepsister is ready to swallow my creamy cum as I blow my load!   These horny brothers and sexy sisters have a dirty little family secret they want you to know all about! That’s right; SisLovesMe is all about horny brothers seducing and fucking their hot sisters! These guys spy on their naked sisters in the bathroom and then fuck them hard; brothers and sister masturbate together and have sex for the first time; the guys sneak in the sister’s room and stuff their tight pussies with their big throbbing cocks while the girls sleep and cum inside their virgin pussies; the girls get caught masturbating and now let their brother fuck their wet pussies and gaping assholes and blow their loads all over their faces! As long as their moms and dads don’t find out, everything is okay!