My sexy girlfriend’s father invited me over to their place so he could cook us a barbeque and my girl dressed up in those sexy ripped denims that make her ass look so fucking hot, man! I had a hard time hiding my boner under my pants with her dad around! I was getting fucking turned on, and so was she, and every time her dad turned around to attend to the grill, she teased me, talking dirty to me, twerking, teasing and rubbing her ass against my crotch and shit like that, fuck, what a tease! After he served us some sausages, she whipped my cock out and started sucking and stroking it! If her dad turned around at the wrong time, or my crazy girlfriend didn’t react fast enough, we’d be really screwed! She acted like the good little daughter when her dad was around, but as soon as he turned his back, my naughty fresh-faced cutie took my cock in her mouth. He went inside to get some stuff and she pulled her denims down and teased me with her juicy bubble butt in a pink thong touching herself and getting on her knees, sucking my cock and licking my big balls. My girlfriend deepthroated my cock all the way down to the base and popped my balls in her mouth and sucked them thoroughly. She rubbed my balls and my cock against her face, smiling on camera and moaning because I was going to fuck her harder than I had ever fucked her. Then she pulled her thong down her thighs, showing off her amazing sexy ass, bent over and pushed her dripping wet pussy against my cock, letting me fuck her from behind. She started to move her hips slowly back and forth then she told me to push my dick deeper and deeper inside of her twat. I fucked her so fucking hard and fast, worried that her dad would return and catch us fucking! She spread her ass cheeks apart so my dick could burrow even deeper inside her and grinded her ass against my crotch. She had this glorious smile on her face as I fucked her, she was loving this situation in which we could get busted any moment! Her dad was taking his time, so we got daring, stripping naked and letting her suck my cock some more. She told me that she wanted to be on top, straddled herself atop my hard cock, impaling her wet pussy on it and riding me hard. I pushed her tight body against my own and felt her tight pussy muscles wrapping against my shaft and she flipped over so I could see her juicy bubble butt twerking, grinding and bouncing up and down my rod as she rode me in reverse cowgirl. Yes, my girlfriend can twerk and she adores doing it when we have sex. I almost came in her when she spread her sexy ass with both hands and squeezed my cock with her pussy muscles. My hot girlfriend wanted to fuck me in every position she could think of, even in a tree! I was ready to cum inside, splatter my hot cum in her and watch as the cum run out her juicy snatch and drip down her lips, before her daddy came back to flip the burgers!   Don’t miss more hot teens and more sneaking, cheating and the almost getting caught scenarios like this one! MOFOS, the best site in the Porn industry, specializes in hot teens of all kinds! They have shy, sexy, amateur, experienced and nerdy teens ready for you. MOFOS is all about super hot girls having sex! These crazy girlfriends do incredible things on camera you would never think of doing. They love huge cocks, public sex and never miss an opportunity to get their pussies fucked hard like there’s no tomorrow. Deepthoating, twerking, squirting, creampie… These teens are so hot, be ready to come without jerking off. When most young girls just dream of what they want to be when they grow up, these teen sluts already know, they want to be a pornstar!