You know all teens love huge cocks and this tiny girl also wants to try her pussy with the biggest dick ever. This sexy blonde chick likes surprises, and when this guy promises her a big one for their fifth date, he’s not lying! The fifth date means sex, and when she pulls down on his briefs, his erection springs to life like a Jack in the Box and she is indeed surprised! I love the expression on their faces when all these young girls see a huge cock for the first time. This girl has never seen such a big, hard, thick cock in her life! This is the kind of surprise she absolutely loves! After getting over the initial shock, she cups his big balls in her soft hands and gets to work on his dick, sucking it hard while down on all fours in bed. He holds her head with both hands and fucks her mouth, thick ropes of saliva dripping from the sides of her mouth. She laps up her own drool dripping from his throbbing erection and keeps sucking it like a dirty little whore, deepthroating it all the way down to the base. You can see her eyes watering as she gags and chokes on this thick rod and rubs it all over her slutty face. The teen girls love it more than anything. She lies on her back and spreads her long legs so he can stick that thick pole deep inside her tight cunt, fucking her hard in missionary position. He places his cock between her pussy lips and begins rubbing it back and forth over her wet pussy and every time he moves the head of his cock forward it bumps her clit. Then he slowly starts to enter her. She’s very petite, and only weigh about 95 pounds, and he is a big man with a big tool. Her pussy is very tight and at first it’s hard to insert that huge cock inside but very soon she feels the whole of his monster cock within her body. Her twat is making a slurping sound as his huge cock slides in and out. He puts her sideways, admiring her juicy bubble butt while pounding her hard, cradling her in his arms as he lifts her and fucks her with her legs wrapped around his waist and her arms around his neck. Young naked girl rides his hard cock, making her juicy ass bounce up and down his hard pole and she wants to get pounded hard by that meaty sausage and swallow all its creamy cum after he blows his load all over her face and tits! 