If you’ve ever fantasized about having sex with your hot girlfriend when her parents at home, then you’ll really enjoy our next video. This sexy teen chick just came back from school and still has her tight uniform when she hears some noises outside the bathroom. It’s probably her dad, but before she gets a chance to figure it out, somebody grabs her from behind and puts their hand over her mouth, hiking up her mini skirt, pulling down her cotton panties, exposing her juicy bubble butt and biting on her ass cheeks! After getting over the initial shock and surprise, she realizes it’s her naughty boyfriend, who sneaked into her place for a surprise fuck! Her daddy calls from across the bathroom door to see if all is okay since he heard her scream, and she invents some bullshit excuse. Her daddy doesn’t approve of her boyfriend and doesn’t like him coming in the house, much less unannounced and to fuck his daughter! He spreads her legs while fingering her dripping wet pussy and when I say her pussy is wet, it’s really wet! He spreads her pussy lips and fucks her vagina with his finger and her pussy juice pulsing out of her hole. Then he inserts his tongue inside and all her pussy juices rush into his mouth. His girlfriend is so turned on, she drops to her knees so she can suck and stroke his rock hard cock. Naked schoolgirl spits all over his cock and spreads it along his shaft with her hands, giving him a sloppy blowjob and handjob combo. He fucks her mouth as she cups her tits in her hands and she lets her saliva drip down her lips and over her cleavage as her boyfriend fucks her tits with his big dick. She keeps blowing him, bending over as he leans against the bathroom counter. Then he bends naked girl over and starts banging her from behind. He nails her over the counter and lets her ride his dick on the bathroom floor. His girlfriend even doesn’t think about her parents who can come into the bathroom and catch them in the act. If her daddy asks to use the bathroom, they’re in trouble! She just enjoys her bf’s hard dick deep in her pussy, riding him and twerking her sexy ass up and down. He stuffs her pussy faster and faster, she gets an orgasm and her eyes roll back! She has several amazing orgasms before he cums all over her dirty face!  