I met this sexy blonde babe at the gym and she teased me silly while I worked out, twerking her delicious tight bubble butt in a skimpy bikini. She had blonde hair, blue eyes and had a great body due to her regiment of aerobics and weight training. She always wore a very tight workout suit and her excellent body, rather, her sexy ass, drove me crazy, along with every other guy in the gym! Once she noticed how my dick was the hardest muscle at the gym. On my way to the locker room, she walks out in front of me and says, “I’ve seen you watching me while I have been working out and I think you could shows me some exercises”. I would be a idiot to refuse. The sexy babe gestured me to follow her as she went to the showers in the spa area of the gym. There she took off her gym pants and revealed the most delicious looking ass that I have ever seen. She twerked her perfect bubble butt for me and then she sat by the hot tub and started sucking and stroking my throbbing member while telling me how much it turned her on to fuck a random hot guy at the gym. Guess today was my lucky day! Bitch deepthroated my thick dick and let me fuck her sexy mouth with this dirty look in her eyes and she leaned over the shower pane as I buried my face between her luscious ass cheeks, eating her pussy and ass out! My tongue fucked her wet fuck holes as I rammed my hard cock deep inside her dripping wet clam and pounded her hard from behind. She asked what I would do if somebody walked in and found us fucking, what a turn on! As we fucked we could see our reflections on the big ass mirrors all over the spa’s bathing area and we got into a 69, with her sucking my rod and me licking her wet twat. She sat on my face so I could bury my tongue in her slit and then she straddled herself on my cock, impaling g her cunt on it and riding me, twerking her sexy ass. I pressed her hot sweaty body against my own and made her juicy bubble butt bounce up and down my hefty rod until I was ready to blow my creamy load all over her slutty face and her big tits! Amazing! 