Horny as fuck, I headed to my girlfriend’s home so I could bang her, but to my surprise, the one anxiously waiting for my dick was not her, but rather her slutty little 18 year old sister, a spunk blonde with a tight, petite body! Banging my girl’s little sister wasn’t really on my plans, but I was horny as hell, and she’s a hot fuck so I sat back and watched as she stripped naked and teased me with her tight body, oiling up her juicy bubble butt, shaking it and exposing her cute asshole and her delicious cunt. I got horny imagining my dick deep in her little pink pussy and stared at her spread naked ass. Petite naked girl dropped to her knees, deepthroating my throbbing member. I never thought this little girl would be able to take it all in, not even my girlfriend can! I put her down on her hands and knees and pounded her tight muff while jamming my thumb into her rectum. Nasty little slut took it like a pro and I was beginning to ponder if dating her big sister instead of her was actually the best choice, lol! I rubbed her beautiful butt-cheeks and she started to moan a bit as I put my thumb into her asshole. I thought she was going to be hesitant with anal sex, but she wasn’t. She was one of those girls who cum only with a cock deep in the ass. It got even better when I popped my hard cock out of her tight twat and rammed it inside her asshole! I cant get my girlfriend to let me do anal on her, but her slutty sister lets!!! She had to relax her tight anus to let my cock go inside. Oh man, it was so tight, it was like my dick was being crushed by her ass, and she kept tightening up her ass. I had to get used to the tightness of her ass yet. Dirty little slut rubbed her dripping wet clam while I anal fucked her. I was fucking my girlfriend’s little sister’s asshole before I ever had the chance to pop her big sister’s anal cherry! Yeah, I was having a ball. Not only was I fucking the shit out of my girlfriend’s sweet little sister, I was doing it anally! That asshole was tight bro! Twice as tight as her pussy! I could feel her rectum squeezing my cock as I anally jack hammered this teen slut into oblivion! I loved the way her little anus kind of sucked on to my dick. I was trying to keep myself from cumming as I slid in and out and in and out her cute little ass. She raised her legs and held them up there while I plowed her asshole and rubbed her wet muff, finger fucking her pussy so the little slut felt like she was getting double penetrated, I figured she’d be into kinky shit like this by now! She begged me to keep pumping her asshole with my huge cock and she straddled herself atop my cock and impaled her asshole on it, bouncing up and down while she fingered her dripping wet pussy. She was moaning the whole time. “Oh that feels so fuckin’ good!” I started to push my big cock as hard and deep into her petite body as I could, she started squeeling and she was gonna cum. After drilling her butt I was ready to splatter this sexy little slut’s face with hot creamy semen!   Love seeing small naked girls getting fucked by huge cocks? Start your summer off right… with your dick buried balls deep in these tiny girls. Or, if you’re a girl – imagine you’re her, getting filled up with the biggest cock ever. Either way, this update is what ExxxtraSmall is all about. Watch their tight pussies and tender assholes stretched out as these young girls get pounded hard by massive dicks, chocking and gagging as they deepthroat these huge erections and swallow their creamy loads or get their faces, tits and asses blasted with incredible cumshots and facials! These tiny chicks will never be the same after getting smashed by these huge dicks!