I just love spying on my sexy little 18 year old stepsister when she’s in the bathroom; totally naked and checking herself out in the mirror. Every time she catch me she covered herself up and told me to leave, but not before I got to play a bit with her shaved pussy and soft butt. My step sister let me touch her wet pussy slit, her pussy lips and her clit, and she didn’t protest. She also liked it. Her nipples hardened up as I touched her breasts and her clean shaven smooth pussy got so wet as she got turned on by the situation! My step sister had never let me nothing more than just look and touch before but that day she was really hot. She asked me if she could see my big cock. I let my step sister touch my balls ans stroke my penis. She was getting into it and she set on the toilet seat, taking my throbbing erection in her hands and popping it into her wet mouth, giving me head. I decided to see if she would let me fuck her pussy. We got back to her bedroom and she got down on all fours by the side of her bed, raising her juicy bubble butt as I was ready to stuff her tight pussy with my big dick, filling her up and pounding her hard doggy style! My naked step sister spread her round ass cheeks with both hands and the head of my cock was at the entrance to her dripping wet vagina, my erection was aching. She pushed her juicy ass against my dick and she opened her eyes wide as my cock slipped in. Her pussy was hot, and so tight! I held her beautiful butt-cheeks. She was smiling, her eyes looking back at me, I pushed a little harder, and my sexy step sister started to go “mmmm”, I kept pushing, harder and harder, that bubble butt jiggled like vanilla pudding, baby! She kept tightening her vagina, so I kept pushing harder. She had me lay down on her bed and got on top of me, started to rub her pussy against my dick and then lowered herself on it. It felt so good as she bounced up and down on my cock. I was starting to feel my dick ready to cum after about a minute but she kept ride me, making her bubble butt bounce up and down my rod. I love it when a girl rides my cock in reverse cowgirl, since I get a great view of a hot ass! I squeezed it and spanked my step sister’s sexy ass and she flipped over, bouncing up and down my rod, showing me her sexy little tits and her slutty little face. She was so horny by this point, her cunt was all covered in her juice and she just screamed “Cum inside me! Cum inside me! Please!”. She looked me right in the eyes when I was cumming! The thick, heavy load thumping again and again into her. I did empty my balls into her! I pulled out and it was starting to leak out of her pussy onto the bed sheet. She keeps tell me we have to stop doing this, but she’s ready for my dick the very next day, she can’t get enough of my hard cock and my creamy cum and I can’t get enough of my stepsister’s juicy cunt and delicious cock sucking mouth! I fuck her several more times during the day, in the den, the living room, the kitchen, the garage, just follow the semen marks all over the floor left behind after I blow my load all over my sexy stepsister! I still remember the first time we fucked, after she caught me spying on her in the bathroom, and ever since we do this every single day, it’s our own dirty little sex secret and we just love it!   When these guys see their half naked sisters walking around in just the panties, displaying their sexy legs and their sexy bubble butts, indecent thoughts come. If they are family after all, what wrong can there be in these horny guys spying on, seducing and banging their sisters? These horny guys sneak in the sister’s room at night and fuck them while the girls sleep, convince them to pose fully naked on cam for them and their friends, watch porn together and masturbate to each other and even have sex for the first time, cum inside after pounding their tight pussies and assholes while their parents are at work!