If you’ve ever fantasized about a hot nurse or a hot female doctor, then you’ll really enjoy our next update. This blonde female doctor is baffled by her patient’s symptoms, especially those spontaneous erections he’s having while she examines him. What she doesn’t know is that her sexy assistant is flashing him her tits and ass in sexy lace lingerie behind her back! Yeah, she takes bedside manners to a whole new level! How long would you be able to hold out while a sexy teen slut is performing a provocative striptease before your cock became simply rock hard? Baffled, the doctor excuses herself for a few minutes, probably to look for a second opinion, or perhaps she’s gonna hit the restroom and masturbate after seeing his huge erection, lol! Anyway, her patient is left all alone with the naughty nurse, and she’s ready to take care of that raging erection! The teen slut takes that big hefty sausage, stroking and sucking it hard and when the doctor returns, she can’t believe what she’s seeing! Now she understands the full clinical picture she’s been presented with, lol! To add insult to injury, her assistant keeps strolling and sucking her patient’s dick! Hey, if it works, why argue it? WTF, this teen sluy simply could’t say no to a big, hot, juicy cock! Perhaps feeling upstaged by her assistant, or probably just jealous, the hot woman pushes the young girl aside and starts sucking the patient’s dick, popping his balls in her mouth and sucking them while the nurse strips naked and lies on her desk, rubbing her naked pussy while she watches the doctor working the patient’s hard on! Now it’s time for a hot threesome and the doctor gets naked too. He fucks the doctor’s dripping wet snatch from behind while she eats out her nurse’s twat in a steamy threesome fuck! I don’t know if I’ve ever seen two girls who were more hot and horny. Watching each of those pussies getting pounded is the highlight of my day, but I think that the very best part of this threesome comes when two naked girls are riding the guy together. The naked nurse sits on his dick and rides it while the doctor sits on his farce so he can tongue fuck her pussy. Two hot blondes, two pair of big tits, two sexy butts, working in unison. After fucking them both and watching these naked girls have hot lesbian sex he cums all over them! This guy never thought a visit to the doctor would end up like this! 