This sexy blonde and her best friend saw BDSM porn for the first time on the Internet and asked their friend to play with them, but he took it too seriously! Turned out their friend was a closet sick sadistic fuck who took overbearing control right away as soon as it was given to him. The girls tried talking back, but he firmly grabbed them by the hair, ripped their panties off and when they told him he did it too hard he ordered them to shut up while tying them up. The girls were a bit shocked, a bit scared and also quite turned on! They didn’t expect him to get so much into the role! Soon he had naked girls both tied up and gagged, removing the blonde’s gag just so he could ram his hard cock down her throat and fuck her mouth! He took turns brutally fucking the girls both up their mouths, making them gag and choke on his hard cock, thick ropes of saliva dripping down the sides of their lips and chins and drenching his hard sausage and balls. The man didn’t pay any attention to their pleas and slapped their cute faces with his cock. After making them suck his dick he made them lick and suck his big balls too, then he put both naked girls down on their knees on the bed and started fucking their dripping wet pussies from behind. He grabbed the young teen’s hips and really started to fuck her. The friend watched in shock as the blonde got her mouth muffled with his hand while he pounded her pussy as hard, fast and deep as he could! He fucked the shit out of her while her friend was forced to watch. When he was done with one girl, he removed his cock from her violated pussy and moved on to her friend and just kept switching from one pussy to the next. The girls groaned in helpless despair as he pounded their little pussies harder and faster, so they could get a dose of what hardcore extrime sex was all about. After such a harsh and brutal fuck, he determined that his submissive naked girls had behaved nicely, so he untied them, letting the friend lick the blonde’s pussy while he pounded her wet muff from behind doggy style. He took one of the girls and put her on her back, spreading her legs and fucking her in missionary position, with his hands around her neck , dominating her as he fucked her, making her feel like a submissive filthy little fuck pig, she loved it! Her friend sat on her face and made her eat her dripping wet twat while the guy kept fucking her and then she straddled herself atop the guy’s hard cock, letting her friend suck that big dick first so it would be well lubed up with her saliva while she rode it. His balls were slapping against her chin as his cock drilled into her friend’s pussy harder and harder. Both young girls could hardly wait for their lover and master to finally blow his load all over their faces!   WARNING EXTREME TEEN PORN! When teens behave badly, they need to be disciplined, punished and corrected, and the right place for such harsh sexual punishment takes place right here at Punish Teens! Here you will find the most extreme, hardcore, borderline abusive porn scenes as these barely 18 year old young naked girls experience their first huge monster cock in ways they never imagined. Virgins get deflowered in the most extreme style! Sit back and watch exclusive HD 1080p scenes featuring cute and innocent teens getting their mouths, pussies and assholes punished! See them abused, face-fucked, brutally slapped, fish hooked, analized till their fresh pussies are fully used! Don’t miss this site if you love extreme teen porn.