When the fuck did I order so many sex toys and why? Lol, looks like the guys at the shipping facility messed up the address and delivered this hot blonde’s boxes with sex toys to me instead of her place right next door, but that’s okay because I was more than happy to make the delivery myself! She received me in a skimpy hot pink bikini and to my surprise, the boxes came coming for several days! Each time she received me she looked hotter, until she came to the door wrapped in just a towel! The half naked sexy babe invited me in this time, to see if I’d like to take a look at her new sex toys! Finally! She said that in any case a real, hot, juicy, yummy cock would be much better than all these rubber dildos. Her towel slowly slid down and I could see her beautiful breast! She had stunning boobs, so succulent and big. I reached up to her breasts and removed the towel from her body. I checked out her big tits and smoking hot naked body as she unzipped my pants and checked out my erection. I couldn’t believe it was happening! The hot blonde started sucking and stroking my big hard cock, letting me know this was the sex toy she wanted to play with all along! Naked girl started slowly, working my cock in and out of her mouth, lubing it up with her saliva and staring at me the whole time. Her plump lips wrapped around my cock felt so good. I pushed her head against my crotch so she could deepthroat my raging erection and she drooled all over my member while rubbing it between her big boobs, giving me an intense tit fuck that almost made me cum right on the spot, but she wanted me to last longer and so did I! She straddled herself on top of my cock, impaling her dripping wet pussy on it and riding me hard, making her big tits bounce up and down like basketballs! Whoever did her tits deserves an award. The doc did a good job! I fucked her in missionary while she played with her wet slit, I thought I was going to cum right in that beautiful pussy, but the hot blonde babe focused on keeping it in and enjoying the proceedings. She rode me in reverse cowgirl so I could play with her juicy bubble ass. WoooHoooo! I kept pounding her amazing twat for an hour before blowing my creamy load all over her slutty face and her big tits! 