My sexy blonde stepsister was walking around the house half naked, wearing just a sexy pair of bra and panties with thigh high socks and it got me so fucking turned on! I was just staring at her and when she realized I was there, she couldn’t avoid noticing I was pitching a tent under my pants! She was going to cover herself up, but I wanted to keep seeing her, she was so gorgeous and sexy! She liked getting all that attention from me and making me so hard, so she teased me back to her bedroom, where she got down on all fours on her bed as I pulled down on her panties, exposing her delicious bubble shaped ass and dripping wet pussy. She was 18 with a very well developed body. You know, nice boobs and a curvy ass. Her ass was the prettiest thing I had ever seen. We are both single, haven’t fucked for months and the idea of having sex with each other felt so forbidden and hot, it was irresistible! My naked step sister spread her legs and played with her twat for me, rubbing it all round the opening and inside the lips, and I rubbed her slit, feeling how wet, soft and hot it was as I stimulated her. She get back on her hands and knees, spread her delicious ass cheeks, I was hard as a rock by then. She raised up her ass and was rubbing my member along her ass crack and pussy. Now put your dick here, she directed, and guided my throbbing erection into the folds of her pussy. Her young pussy was squeezing my dick tighter than anything else could ever do! She began to moan softly and as I fucked her warm moist pussy faster and faster. I pounded her hard from behind and she pushed her delicious ass back against my cock, moaning and grunting with pleasure for my hard sausage. She pulled her bra up so I could see her flawless youthful titties and her puffy, fully erect nipples as she straddled herself atop my burgeoning erection, she grabbed it and pushed herself onto me, forcing my cock deep into her vagina. My step sister was fucking hot like really hot like super hot! She bit her lip and begged me to fuck her pussy harder, deeper and faster. She flipped over and kept riding me, SO fast and SO intense, making her delicious bubble shaped ass bounce up and down my lap, it was the hottest shit I ever seen! She squatted and kept pushing herself up and down, her buttocks resembled basketballs bouncing on the court and I could feel myself getting closer and closer to the point of no return. The best part came when she began tickle her anus with her finger right in front of my face, riding me with such force that her whole ass flew up and down with every stroke! It was mesmerizing! I couldn’t wait to pull out of my stepsister’s young pussy and blow my load, splattering hot, sticky semen all over her beautiful face and her open mouth and watch it dripping down her chin and all over her little tits, fucking hot! After several minutes of her desperate fucking, I felt myself beginning to come. In a few minutes my balls gave that familiar twitch and my cock spruted a huge load all over her cute face. My step sister smiled and said, we would continue as often as possible.   Sister love is great, but nothing beats step sister love! Discover why right here at SisLovesMe, where naughty young girls are free to show their love to their horny step brothers by sucking their hard cocks and swallowing their creamy cum after getting their dripping wet pussies and tight assholes fucked very hard by them in hardcore stepsibling XXX action! After catching their step brothers spying on them while they shower in the bathroom, or after sneaking in their bedroom at night while the girls sleep naked or masturbate under the blanket in their bedrooms, these beautiful teen girls are ready to become their brother’s sluts! They even have sex for the first time with them.