School was over and I was the only girl in my class that was still a virgin! I was afraid summer would be over before I got a chance to get my cherry popped, but I met a hot guy during a weekend getaway and I had the most intense deflowering experience! My parents were out of town and trusted me to be home by myself. Well all my friends that had done it before said lick and suck a guy’s dick and he will like it so I thought ok here goes. I had seen several penises before when sneaking peeks at my brother, and once when the boy next door and I were experimenting, but I had never seen an erect cock and so close to my face. I got down on my knees, I was so excited and turned on! I put my hand around it and it was hot, I slowy slid my tongue up and down his dick and took the head in to my mouth. His eyes rolled back in his head so I guessed this was right. His cock tasted wonderful, it was delicious, so big and hard, and the heat of him in my mouth was a big turn on for me. I was fully naked, I sucked his dick for awhile then he got up and laid me back on the bed. Just as I was getting on my back and was about to spread my legs so he could fuck me, I noticed a worried look on his face as he looked through his jean pockets, he forgot to bring a rubber! He noticed my expression but he said he would pull out before he came. Well, I was turned on and ready to get my cherry pop and I wasn’t about to let a rubber get in the way, I urged him to fuck me anyway and just cum outside me! He put it between my pussy lips and I felt his penis touched my clit. Then as he started to push I felt his penis spreading my lips. His dick was so big, I could feel it stretching my tight pussy lips as he began to penetrate me, pushing through my hymen and deep inside me, finally, I was no longer a virgin! He started fucking me slow and gentle, picking up speed as my ex-virgin pussy got used to his cock! He continued pumping in and out of me. I was turned on by the idea of my little pussy being fully penetrated for the first time. After fucking me in missionary, I sat on top of him, and lowered my pussy onto his dick, riding him like those girls in porn! This was my first time, but since I love watching porn and spent many Friday nights masturbating to smut while my friends were getting laid, I had some vicarious experience! He placed me sideways and penetrated me again, pumping me with his delicious cock meat while I rubbed my dripping wet muff, his dick just felt so good inside me! He put me down on my hands and knees and fucked me doggy style from behind while pulling my hair back, switching me to missionary and then letting me ride on top before putting me sideways again. He was fucking me faster and harder and I could tell he was about to cum and as I was about to tell him to take it out, that’s when I felt it! A thick stream of his hot cum flooding my insides, he exploded inside me! When he came inside me I could feel his cock getting soft and slowly slipping out of me. He must have shot a pint of his cum into me and it began to leak out between my pussy lips. I had had never seen cum before and I was afraid to get pregnant. I guess this was my first time getting fucked… and creampied too!   Don’t you wanna see the full video? My short verdict of this scene is that it’s a supremely hot scene and one of the hottest young girl I’ve ever watched. Only at ExxxtraSmall the smallest, youngest and sexiest girls enjoy sucking huge cocks for the first time, getting their virgin pussies fucked and filled with cum! Slim, petite, tiny and tight teen girls love huge cocks and they love getting their little pussies destroyed and creampied in hardcore sex scenes. Their mouths, pussies and assholes will get stretched out of proportion and their bodies will get drenched in cum! Take a young sexy girl, match her up with a huge cock, and let the fun commence.