This sexy purple haired girlfriend is unwinding after a long week of studying and testing, and since she’s so disciplined with her studies that she doesn’t let her boyfriend touch her during that period of time, this can only mean one thing, tonight he’s getting laid! He notices it the moment he walks into the kitchen and finds his girlfriend in a sexy ripped top that exposes her delicious tits and a skimpy pair of panties. She rubs his throbbing bulge over his shorts as he licks and sucks her nipples and gets down on her knees, anxious and eager to finally get her hands and lips on his big dick, stroking and sucking it like there’s no tomorrow! She tries to deepthroat his huge cock, but it’s so damn big! It’s okay, she likes to choke and gag on it and he loves the way she looks when doing so! She moans, her eyes roll back into her head as she swallows the head of his cock with pleasure, with her tongue twirling around it and her soft hands massaging his balls at the same time. There is nothing more enjoyable for girls than a good blowjob. He pulls down her sexy thong, exposing this cute little ass. He spreads her delicious ass cheeks and shoves his tongue between them, right to her tight anus. She leans over the kitchen counter and he licks her gorgeous pussy and her asshole, raising one of her legs over the counter as he eats her wet slit out and fondles her clit so fast that she almost cums. She petite body really turns his on. He opens her pussy with his hands and put the tip of his gargantuan cock in her wet pussy, pushing it deep inside between her meaty pussy lips and moving it up and down. Her boyfriend pounds her slow and steady, after a week of no sex, her pussy feels so fucking tight and needs to be stretched out and used to having such a big dick inside it again! He sucks on her fingers and she takes them to her slit so she can rub herself while he fucks her. He cradles her in his strong arms and lifts her off the ground, making her pussy bounce up and down his huge dick and he tongue fucks her some more. Then he goes back to pounding her while groping her big tits and grabbing her neck and hair, rough sex really turns this bitch on. He rubs her muff over the kitchen counter and takes her to the living room, setting her down on their couch so he can fuck her wet twat in missionary position as she holds her legs behind her head so his dick can pound her even deeper and harder. She screams as his huge dick rips out the first incredible orgasm that leaves her shuddering and begging for more. The faster he pounds her pussy, the faster she reaches the next orgasm. She pops out several nice pussy farts. She cums with his huge cock until he’s ready to blow his load all over her big tits and sexy face! 