I met a sexy blonde girl, we have been together for just a few days, she is so sexy and hot and loves to tease me! I think she could be the one! I picked her up for a date and she is just staring at me with this sexy face and turning me on while I drive, pulling her top and bra down, flashing me her delicious, naked tits! So hard to keep your eyes on the road with this kind of distractions! She spreads her legs and rubs her muff over the soft cotton fabric of her lace panties while fondling her breasts, telling me all the dirty stuff she wants me to do to her when we get back to my place! Her dazzling smile, her sparkling eyes, beautiful blonde haid, her titties and her yummy pussy, it all just drives me crazy. I put the metal to the pedal and rush back home! Once there, she runs to the bedroom and lets me touch her sexy body as she gets naked in bed and gets down on her hands and knees, letting me grope her juicy ass and finger her dripping wet slit. I move in to admire her amazing ass up close. She’s so fucking wet by now! Just light touch on the wet pussy lips makes this sexy babe ready and want my cock. I ram my hard cock deep inside her tight pussy and start fucking her doggy style from behind. This position is fucking incredible and it makes her ass even hotter. I admire her delicious bubble shaped ass while I’m pounding it, causing ripples in her juicy butt cheeks! So fucking hot, baby, so fucking hot! I never get tired of watching my hard cock sliding in and out between her butt cheeks when I bang her from behind this way. When I stop banging her, the sweet blonde babe pushes her ass against my hard cock, urging me to keep drilling her snatch. She has two beautiful studs pierced in her lower back too, so sexy! She grabs my cock in her hands and gives me a wet blowjob, sucking and stroking my hard cock with this dirty smile on her wicked hot face. Then she straddles herself atop my hard sausage and impales her pussy on it, riding me in cowgirl position. Now she is in charge and I love that, she can be on top, on bottom, and she’s always hot! I rub her clit as she rides my dick and I watch her sweet tits bouncing up and down as she humps me and I can’t wait to cum all over them and her sexy face!   How many of you are begging your girlfriend to film a sextape? Check out user submitted videos of sexy girls stripping naked, masturbating, dyking out with their friends, letting their boyfriends stuff their tight pussies with dick and bust a nut into their mouths! When you are watching amateur and user submitted porn and you recognize the girl on the video as a friend, an ex, a neighbor or somebody you know from work or school, you know you are at I Know That Girl! Anything is possible, because this porn site is filled with real girlfriends filmed by their exes and exposed online in homemade and user submitted videos.