This is perhaps one of the best videos in amateur porn – if not the best. A couple of months ago, my stepsister and I went to a party together and came back so drunk that we woke up next day naked and sleeping in the same bed together! We thought nothing serious happened until I found a video on my smartphone, not only had we fucked, she begged me to film us doing it! Nasty! Ever since I got that provocative video of us fucking, my stepsister lets me fuck her whenever I get the urge, like this morning! I woke up with a huge morning wood and went over her bedroom, waking her up. As soon as she spotted my massive erection, she knew what was up, in more than a sense, lol! I tugged down on the sheets and then on her panties, revealing her sexy shaved pussy. Her lips so pink and soft just made me want to get a little closer look. My sexy step sister took her panties off and got down on all fours, looking at me over her shoulder as I played with her juicy butt and meaty pussy lips. She turned over, looked at me and took my morning wood in her soft hands, and moved the tip of my swollen member to her sweet lips, looked up into my eyes and said, you taste really nice and have a beautiful cock. She covered my purple mushroom with her lips and darted her tongue around it, sucking and stroking it. Her mouth was warm and moist and felt wonderful on my swollen manhood. I know she loves how big and tasty it gets in the morning, but I just wanted that pussy around my hard cock. My stepsister took off her top, got on top of me, took my dick in her hand and led it into her warm pussy. She smiled, her eyes were aglow with pleasure as she tightened her pussy lips around my cock and her vagina swallowed my entire dick. My naked step sister just started bouncing up and down and I just lay there watching her fine little titties and her lovely pussy. She bit her soft pink lips as she rode my erection and turned over, getting down on her hands and knees by the edge of her bed so I could fuck her doggy style from behind. Her juicy bubble shaped ass looked fine from this angle, and when I stop banging her, the dirty little fuck slut pushes her sexy ass against my cock while grunting, begging me for more of her stepbrother’s hard cock! I fuck her from behind and flip her over like a flap jack so I can keep banging her in missionary. By now she’s enjoying this as much as I am, and I rub her clit as I continue penetrating her meaty pussy. She tells me how big and hard my cock feels inside her and how bad she wants me to blow my creamy load all over her face and her tits! Now my step sister always tells me she prefers when I wake her up at the crack of dawn then in the middle of the night.   Sibling relationships have never been so hot and sexy, because at SisLovesMe, these horny step brothers have a serious sex crush on their smoking hot step sisters. These guys spy on their naked step sisters as the girls shower and they spy on the naked girls when they’re masturbating in their room, the guys fuck their young sisters while they sleep, the girls watch porn together with them and jerk off together, these naughty young girls are free to show their love to their horny step brothers by sucking their hard cocks and swallowing their creamy cum after getting their teen pussies fucked very hard.