This sexy brunette teen and her blonde friend are sneaking out of her house to a party, dressed like sluts in skimpy schoolgirl outfits but the girls get busted by the brunette’s dad before they manage to make it out the door! He told her daughter she was not going anywhere dressed like a slut! He grounds them both and the girls are forced to spend the night in lock down! Sure, her daughter is pissed, but the blonde is actually turned on! Her friend’s dad is so strict and handsome; his cock must be so big, hard and tasty; she can’t get him off her mind as she reaches under her lace panties and rubs her dripping wet muff! The dad comes in to check on the girls and make sure they didn’t sneak out the window and likes what he sees. The slutty blonde is definitely a tease! He goes back to his bedroom and while his wife sleeps, he masturbates himself, stroking his dick and fantasizing with his daughter’s best friend! Meanwhile, the slutty blonde teen crawled from his daughter’s bedroom to his and watches him jerking off his cock, wagging her ass and licking her lips. The teen slut grabs his hard cock with two hands and starts sucking it while his wife keeps sleeping! They can’t do much, he takes his daughter’s slutty blonde friend to the bedroom, bends her over the bed, pulls her cum soaked panties down her knees and starts railing her dripping wet pussy from behind! This is what this slutty schoolgirl loves most of all, the feeling of a big throbbing cock balls deep in her twat, the feeling his tight nut sack ready to fill her up!!! He gropes her big tits and slaps her ass, then rams his dick down her throat and fucks her mouth! He straddles her atop totally naked and pounds her dripping wet pussy while fingering her cunt. He fucks her so fast and hard that even makes her squirt, he brings her to one squirting orgasm after another! The girl cums, squirts and screams when his hot cock stuffs her young pussy more and more, and finally he blows his load all over her slutty face and tits! Watch more crazy teen sluts getting fucked by huge cocks in the best hardcore porn! 