This guy just broke up with his girlfriend after a 3 year relationship and he is surprised to hear her best friend knocking on his door. She came over to console him, but also, since her best friend was always telling her about how big her ex-boyfriend’s cock was, she’s also hear to claim that dick now that he’s single! What better way to get over a breakup than by banging your ex’s best friend? Especially if the girl is tiny and petite and two times smaller than your dick? The moment this young naked girl pulls down his pants and that cock springs to life she realizes the truth to her best friend’s words, that dick is HUGE! It’s bigger, thicker, longer and harder than anything she has ever seen! She’s delighted! She holds it at the base, strokes it and slaps it all over her face, jerking it with both hands as she pops it into her mouth and does her best to deepthroat it. He fucks her mouth and thick ropes of saliva drip down her chin as the small girl gags and chokes on it. Her nipples get so hard and her tits get bigger, turned on by that massive sausage pounding her mouth and throat! All teen girls love huge cocks, but can this tiny hottie fit it inside her pussy? She sure can! After banging her little mouth with his huge cock, he puts her atop his lap and impales her tight pussy on his monster dick, driving her body up and down his raging erection. She wonders if her best friend ditched him because she could no longer handle something so big, but she knows she can! Dude, don’t break this tiny girl, lol! He throws small naked girl over the bed, puts her down on all fours and rails her tight pussy doggy style from behind. He just keeps pounding her and pounding her, making her moan, scream and bit her lip. This little slut loves it so much! This little girl impresses everyone with her epic blowjob and cock riding skills. He fucks her in all conceivable poses and finally blows a thick load all over her face and big tits. He’s already feeling better over the break up, since he got the perfect rebound! 