Naked girls with big tits? When all else fails, playing with boobs always makes you feel better! If there is one thing this hottie knows about her boyfriend is that he loves donuts and tits, the bigger the better! So Donut Day is a very special occasion where he gets to enjoy some big donuts and her big tits! She gets naked in bed, down on all fours and next to the box of yummy donuts and rubs them all over her big tits. She takes the box and jumps in the bed, making her big boobs bounce up and down. Her boyfriend decides the donuts can wait and he pours baby oil down her tits, soaking them in it and rubbing it all over her sexy naked body until she’s glistening, slick and slippery! He sucks on her perky nipples while rubbing her oily muff, squeezing and slapping her tits, she loves it! She is a beautiful babe with such an amazing body. She has great legs, a flat stomach, big succulent tits, a lovely pussy and absolutely amazing ass. His sexy girlfriend gets down on all fours and twerks her delicious bubble butt as he pours more baby oil on it, she can feel the warm oil dripping and oozing down the crack of her ass and between her semi parted pussy lips as he slaps her oiled up ass and she devours his throbbing member. He forces his dick down her throat and she masturbates while giving him a hummer and letting him fuck her mouth, warm drool dripping down her chin and all over her oily tits! One of the best blowjobs ever! After fucking her throat, he makes her lie flat on her back and fucks her in missionary position. He pounds his hot girlfriend so hard that her huge knockers whack against each other and clap just like the audience would if this was a live show. He lies on his back so his hot babe can rub her oiled up tits and body all over his cock. He loves to slap her gigantic titties with his cock. She sits on him and impales her wet cunt on his big hard cock, riding it, her big oily tits bouncing up and down, awesome! She’s letting him totally enjoy her body. The sensation of his long, hard, deep thrusts is just incredible, she’s having one orgasm after another. He pounds his hot girlfriend until he’s ready to spray her big tits with hot jizz like glazed donuts! Happy Donut Day! Yet another candidate for finest tits 2016, and a must girl for DampLips! 