I like playing chess with my friend but he cheats a lot, so we put cameras to avoid cheating when his hot girlfriend appeared! Thing is, we kinda forgot to tell her about the cameras, so as we are playing, you can see how she’s rubbing my bulge over my shorts! She is cheating on her boyfriend when the cameras film us. This girl is so sexy and hot, big tits, nice ass, cute face, and she looks like Highest Heaven! My friend leaves to answer a call, and his sexy girlfriend gets down on her knees and starts giving me a hot blowjob, right in front of the camera! She asks me if I like it, smiling and moving her tongue around my meat as her hand holds my balls and caresses them gently when her boyfriend isn’t looking! Fuck, she’s my friend’s girlfriend but it’s a wonderful feeling to have her warm wet mouth on my cock. The young slut pops my hard cock into her throat and sucks it hard, and can you believe she doesn’t stop when her boyfriend comes back? She smiles up into my eyes and keeps blowing me. At the moment he’s not noticing, but we got this all on tape! As we resume our game, his girlfriend is still sucking my dick behind the kitchen counter, out of his line of sight! He notices I’m a bit shaky, but he figures that’s just him beating my ass on chess! I’m about to explode in her mouth with my warm semen, with her boyfriend right next to us! Fortunately, he gets another call and I push her head back. As soon as her BF leaves the room, this busty teen offers up her big naturals for some messy titty fucking! She pops her great tits over her top, strips down to her panties and lets me fuck her titties and mouth, thick ropes of saliva dripping down her chin and she lets them drip over her tits too, what a slut! She places my throbbing cock between her bobbies and rubs it with her puffy nipples, so good. Then she bends over the kitchen counter, pulls her pink panties aside and I start banging her dripping wet snatch from behind. Good thing my pal is on a long call! Her pussy is dripping with juices when I stuff it with my hard cock. Her gorgeous tits swing and jiggle and she moans really loudly, not paying attention to her boyfriend who can hear her. After banging her hard from behind, she gets back on her knees and deepthroats my throbbing erection, sitting over the kitchen counter and spreading her legs so I can keep pumping her tight pussy with my dick meat. Her pussy is so wet. I slide the head of my cock in between her moist pussy lips and push it deeper and deeper. I grope her big tits and she rubs her muff while I’m pounding her hard. We are no longer preoccupied by him and we just want to fuck, so I lie flat on my back on the kitchen floor and the sexy chick straddles herself atop my hard cock and impales her wet twat on it, bouncing up and down my meaty pole. My friend’s naked girlfriend rubs her clit as I impale her and then I place her on her back over the kitchen counter, with her head dangling down so I can fuck her mouth and throat some more. By the time my pal gets back, I already came all over her and we act like nothing went on during his absence, lol!   Brilliant scene, love this girls great tits and beautiful pussy. 10/10 for this girl. Mofos, keep doing what you do best, sneaky fucking, almost caught, pov and bringing the best girls to the industry! Bring her back for more sneaky fucking! This amateur girl is setting up to win “Best New Starlet” at the AVN Awards next year, for ‘sure’! MOFOS is all about real amateur babes going bananas in the wildest sex scenes! These naughty girls came here in pursuit of a career in porn, this is the place where it all starts and all these young girls wanna do is get naked, suck cock and take it up the ass, pussy and any other available hole! Watch the hottest, wildest, naughtiest real life girls fucked, masturbating, having hot lesbian sex and getting covered in hot cum as they explore their sexuality and make themselves a reputation as the sluttiest babes in amateur porn!