As this sexy teen girl uses the swing in the patio and watches her dad’s new wife sunbathing in a tiny bikini, she gets mixed feelings. Thing is, she finds herself terribly turned on by her new stepmom’s incredible body! She can’t keep her eyes off her sensual curves, her big tits and that perfect bubble shaped ass! When the hot woman asks her to apply some tanning lotion over her skin, she’s so nervous and excited at the same time! What if she notices? After rubbing lotion all over her back and perfect ass, she lies by her side and the girls sun bathe together and she can’t help complimenting her on her body like a broken record, lol! Her stepmom is actually flattered, so much so, that once inside, she can’t help looking at herself in the mirror, touching herself softly as she gets naked, not knowing her stepdaughter is watching her from the door! As her stepmom touches herself, this teen girl touches herself too. The mom is voluptuous and gorgeous too. When she realizes her stepdaughter is masturbating herself to her, she sneaks in on her , pulling her towards her hot body and letting her know it’s okay to feel this way towards another woman! The girls get comfortable in the couch and stepmom’s body is turning her on and she can’t resist to slide some fingers into her mature pussy. The woman spreads her legs in front of the girl so she can play with her dripping wet pussy, licking, sucking and tongue fucking her slit! The girl finally has seen her step mom’s twat. Her pussy lips are so meaty and moist, she dives right between them, sticking her nose in the bush. The girl sticks her soft tongue between these pussy lips and begins eating out her vagina. I love when it switchs to POV mode when the girl licks this hairy pussy. Wonderfull! Love the pussy eating and staring in each other eyes. Finally she can touch, kiss, suck, or lick any part of this hot body. Then the mature naked woman puts her down on all fours and shoves her smooth silky tongue down her tight asshole, spreading it wide open as she introduces her stepdaughter to anilingus! The teen girl gettin that pretty peach chewed on doggy style is a sight to behold. Luv how the young naked girl arches her back n pokes out her yummy. She has a very suck-able pussy! The hot woman eats her out against the couch and makes her cum several times, fucking this young pussy is so much hotter than having sex with her dad! The MILF literally fucks her pussy with her tongue, dipping it so deep into the vagina. Naked girls embrace and rub their wet pussies together, kissing passionately as they trib each other. Watching turns into kissing, kissing turns into pussy licking, pussy licking turns to ass rimming, ass rimming leads to tribbing and everything combined makes the young girl squirt!!! The girl’s orgasm is so intense that she begins to squirt, cumming excessively and leaving the bed all in puddles. The sexy teen is happy to know her new mom is more than just a friend, she’s her new lesbian lover and she loves how she makes her cum and squirt! BRILLIANT!!! Perfect combination, having a busty mild and a tiny teen. Their chemistry really came through too. Keep having girls that can squirt!   Bonding with your stepmom can be pretty hard, but not for these sexy teens, especially when their new moms are smoking hot mature lesbian babes with big tits and juicy bubble butts, ready to seduce their very own teen step daughters and lick their dripping wet pussies and tight assholes in the hottest teen daughter on mature mother lesbian action that can only be seen and enjoyed right here at Moms Lick Teens! Watch these horny dykes kissing, making out, masturbating with sex toys, squirting, tribbing and making each other cum hard in steamy lesbian sex action with exclusive videos, teens and mature babes!