This guy didn’t know what he was getting himself into when he followed his girlfriend’s stepmom upstairs to rub lotion all over her body! It was kind of odd that she would ask him to do it instead of her own stepdaughter, much more when she closed the bedroom door behind her, but he was just trying to be nice with his girl’s stepmom. As he passed his hands all over her sexy body, she turned over and removed her bra, exposing her beautiful big tits! She took one of his hands and planted it on one of her tits, urging him to get a feel and pretty soon he was running his hands all over her smoking hot body! In the meantime, downstairs, her stepdaughter wondered where her boyfriend went, and came upstairs looking for him. As she knocked on her stepmom’s door, her stepmom made him hide under the bed. Once her stepdaughter left, her stepmom started sucking his throbbing cock, deepthroating it all the way down to his balls! Unfortunately, she forgot to lock her bedroom door and unfortunately, her stepdaughter, forgot to knock before opening, finding them both red handed! The teen babe was really upset at first, but her stepmom managed to get a naughty smile on her face and invited her to join them, the more the merrier! While his girlfriend sucked his cock, her dirty stepmom licked her teen pussy and rimmed her asshole from behind! Fucking hot! The babes took turns sucking and licking his cock and balls. The girlfriend took the opportunity to learn how to deepthroat and suck like a pro. After giving the guy a double blowjob, the girls decided to ride his dick together. His girl pulled her panties aside, and put his dick between her wet pussy lips. She started to fuck his dick like she was riding a horse. His girlfriend was riding his erection like dirty sluts in heat! Her horny stepmom rubbed her clit and her puffy nipples, waiting for her turn. Finally the mature naked woman got the chance to enjoy this young hot throbbing cock in her mature twat. She bounced up and down with every inch of his cock inside, when her step daughter rubbed his balls, making his cock even harder. He enjoyed fucking both of them and getting to blow his creamy load all over their dirty faces and sexy naked bodies! 