Russian babe gets a little frisky outdoors. Russian girls are very, very horny, all the time! After meeting his beautiful Russian bride online, this guy decides to travel to Russia to meet her, you know, just to make sure he didn’t get catfished, lol! When he finally meets her, he can’t believe it, she’s even more ravishing in person that in all those pictures and videos, most of them so naughty and sexy, she sent him while they dated online. She shows him around her city and they have a romantic walk in the park, but he hardly sees the scenery since he can’t keep his eyes off her beautiful face and breath taking body. She likes that, they have talked, flirted and had cyber sex so many times online, she can’t wait for them to actually fuck in real life and she knows he feels the same way! They are both so horny, they just can’t wait, and she unzips the back of her dress and flashes her tits right there in the park! This sexy girl has absolutely amazing boobies, so firm, round with hard nipples. Her tits are beautiful, she bends over following him, hanging her firm breast right in front of his face. They go behind the bushes and she hikes up her dress and removes her panties so he can fuck her dripping wet pussy from behind with his throbbing member. She bends over, spreads her ass cheeks open with both hands and lets him push his cock into her wet vagina. So hot! Nothing like a green landscape to get down and dirty. He lies flat on his back in the ground and his sexy russian bride squats on top, letting his big dick sink deep inside her wet twat and making her body bounce up and down his erection! She rides him Russian cowgirl style and flips over for some reverse, grinding her cunt against his crotch and getting down on her knees so she can suck and stroke his hard sausage. She shows him how russian girls can swallow a cock! After sucking his dick and massaging his balls, she bends over so he can fuck her from behind before blowing his load all over her! I guess this means they won’t wait until they are married to have sex, lol! Fucking hot! 