Science class is over and the students have left for the day, except for this sexy geek girl, she couldn’t leave without finishing her chemistry test! Her teacher values a girl that like science, so he stays after class with her, correcting some tests while she works by herself. All of the sudden, there is a huge splash! She measured one of the chemicals wrong and provoked a reaction, splashing chemicals all over her clothes! The teacher instructs the girl to immediately take off her clothes to avoid chemical burn! She’s okay, just naked, but he wants to make sure she didn’t get any area of her beautiful naked body exposed to the dangerous chemicals! Her horny teacher closes the door and watches at her as she stands fully naked in the middle of the class room. He must inspect her thoroughly, paying extra attention to her beautiful titties and her lovely pussy. Nobody has never seen her pussy before and now, here she is, completely naked with her teacher. Meanwhile, the old fart has a huge hard on and the young naked girl is looking directly at it. She can feel her pussy getting wetter, especially when the teacher puts his hand between her thighs and it touches her pussy lips. It’s dripping wet as he rubs it and fingers her pussy slit. She’s out of danger, but now she’s terribly aroused by the way her teacher is touching her! At first she acts all shy, but her nipples are erect and her pussy is wet, and you can tell she is into it. Naked girl leans against one of the desks in class, spreads her legs and lets the teacher get a better look at her little young pussy, clean her pussy up with his tongue, lick and rub her drenched twat. Nobody has never licked her pussy before, and now she experiences new sensations when his tongue goes between her pussy lips and touches her sensitive clit. He pulls her to the edge of his desk and stuffs her tight pussy with his big hard cock. I love the expression on young girls’ faces when their little pussies take the partner’s shaft balls-deep for the first time. This tiny girl can’t believe she’s getting fucked by her very own teacher and he always wanted to fuck one of his sexy schoolgirls, make one of them his own slut! The naked schoolgirl gets down on her knees so she can suck and stroke the teacher’s big throbbing member, she had no idea her teacher was so well endowed! She deepthroats his dick all the way down to the base and he bends her over his desk and bangs her from behind. She presses her face and tits against his desk while he kisses her back and gets on the table, lying flat on his back so she can straddle herself atop and impale her tight cunt on his boner. Young girl continues to explore her sexuality and sticks her finger in her ass while riding his cock, so hot! She rides her teacher like a dirty fuck slut and he puts her sideways and bangs her from behind. It doesn’t take a long time to reach a climax and it’s her first orgasm in her life. He gets her back on top and keeps pounding her pussy in reverse cowgirl and he admires her juicy little bubble butt. I love the mixture of her look, with a tight body, yet with attractive curves all over, these perky tits, and her beautiful face and her lovely pussy. He thought this sexy geeky girl had brains for science, but he’s happy to know her brain is perfectly wired for sex too and he can’t wait to blast his cum all over her sexy face and mouth! He blew the big load in her little mouth and said “You know you already had an A right?”   Don’t miss the smallest and youngest naked girls getting their pussies stretched out to the limit by huge cocks in the best hardcore scenes. At ExxxtraSmall, these tiny, pint sized 18 year old teen girls are about to have the biggest experience in their lives when they discover the massive cocks beneath their guys’ boxers! They have never seen cocks so big, thick and hard, but that won’t stop them from getting their mouths crammed with them, gagging and choking on these massive erections and getting their tight pussies and assholes stretched out, pounded hard and filled with loads of hot sticky semen! Cum inside and watch the sexiest tiny teen girls getting banged and slammed and cummed on by the biggest dicks in porn!