Sometimes girls, even best friends, have their difference and arguments and when this sexy girl can’t resolve an argument with her friend regarding who can take the most dick in her mouth, she calls her friend’s stepbro in so he can mediate. Since actions speak louder than words, she decides to prove her point, pulling the stepbrother’s big hard cock from under his pants and going down on him! She sucks and strokes his throbbing cock in front of his upset stepsister. After all, since they are stepsiblings, she can’t do much to beat her friend… unless she’s willing to suck her very own stepbrother’s big, hard, thick, delicious cock! After some hesitation, the teen slut pushes her friend aside and goes down on her stepbro’s huge erection, deepthroating it like a true porn star! Soon he’s getting his dick and balls licked and sucked by both teen sluts at the same time! Lucky for these two girls, he is more than willing to be the judge. The girls do their best, drooling all over his huge cock and they are both so good, he couldn’t pick one above the other even if he wanted to, so he decides he’ll be able to tell who’s better by fucking them! He strips their pants and panties and piles two naked girls on top of each other, licking their dripping wet pussies and ripe assholes and the girls are so fucking turned on by this, they start making out together! Is there something better than double pussy licking, running the tongue up and down their juicy pussy slits? These two hot naked blondes can’t help but ride his dick! Laying him down on the bed, they crawl on top of him. One of the girls rides his hard dick while his stepsister rides his face and after fucking her best friend, he fucks his slutty stepsister too! The lucky guy alternates his attention between both naked girls, fucking them both in all those positions that he has seen in porn. One of the girls lays back on the bed to welcome his cock back into her weeping pussy. While he pounds her with his huge cock, the other girl keeps her mouth busy by positioning herself with her dripping pussy over her face so she can pleasure her with her tongue. She lets him pick her up and settle her on his hard dick so that she can bounce up and down while her friend sucks on his balls and her ass, buring her face between her ass checks. These two young naked girls are fuckin crazy! He makes out with them and while he blows his load all over them, he’s so happy they had this argument in the beginning! 