When this guy goes in for his back rub, he doesn’t quite understand what the high flying full body massage is all about, until he walks into the room and finds his sexy blonde masseuse suspended from the ceiling by a swing! Firm young body and nice bush! He gets naked and joins her, standing over the massage table as she arches her body back and gives him a hot upside-down blowjob, thick ropes of saliva dripping down her face as he fucks her mouth and throat with his throbbing member. Naked girl dangles from the swing and he eats her out, tongue fucking her dripping wet snatch and her tight asshole before ramming his hard cock deep inside her cunt and pounding her hard while she balances herself on the swing. He slaps her pink pussy lips and wet slit with his dick and she disengages from the swing so she can get down on all fours and suck his cock. He rams it down her throat and makes her gag and choke on it, more drool, dripping down the sides of her lips and down her chin as he power fucks her mouth and leans over so he can keep licking her asshole in some acrobatic positions. She gets back on the swing and raises one of her long legs as he penetrates and fucks her some more and she holds on tight to the swing as he bangs her harder and deeper. He keeps licking her pussy and asshole, stretching her butt hole with his smooth tongue and fucking her teen pussy. She sucks his cock and he licks her ass, it’s like inverted 69. He lies flat on his back over the massage table and naked girl squats over his dick, impaling her tight pussy on it and pushing her sexy body up and down his shaft using the swing. She lets go of the swing so she can ride him better, she loves how big and hard his throbbing erection feels inside her, she loves getting plowed by her favorite client, sometimes she doesn’t even charge him, especially when he makes her cum like a filthy slut several times during their sex sessions. She suspends herself upside down from the sex swing and sucks his big dick and he makes her spin while she does it! He swung her back and forth on his dick. After this incredible spinning reversed blowjob he’s quite ready to blow his load in her mouth, dirty face and big tits! 