Isn’t it great to be in the right place at the right time! Man, how I cherish those moments! I got stuck in traffic and had to take a detour, and this led me to this beautiful damsel in distress I spotted across the street. She seemed worried, so I pulled over to see if I could be of any help. She needed a lift and I was more than happy to assist and as it turns out, she found out her BF cheated on her and she wanted revenge, looks like I appeared just in time! I told her I could help her get even with that motherfucker, after all, how can you cheat on a hot babe like her!?! She liked what she heard and she relaxed in the back seat, spreading her legs and unzipping her denim shorts and rubbing herself over the fabric! She said she was hot and wanted to fuck, I tugged down on her top and her nipples were so fucking hard! She pulled her shorts off, pulled her panties aside and began fingering and rubbing her dripping wet twat. I pulled over and joined her in the backseat, where she grabbed my big curvy dick and immediately started to kiss the head of my cock passionately. She moaned as she started stroking it vigorously. She was turned on with the idea having casual sex with a stranger and she knew revenge was best served when sucking someone’s else dick. I placed both hands on the back of her head and pushed myself in deeper with each suck. The dirty slut sucked my hard cock and then climbed on top of me, took my dick and put it to her waiting pussy, rubbing the head of my cock over her wet slit. Spreading her pussy lips with her fingers, she slowly lowered herself onto me. Impaling her dripping wet pussy on my erection she rode it like a bitch in heat! She started moving her hips, squeezing my dick inside, her back was arched, the way this girl moved her body up and down over my cock was phenomenal. She rubbed her muff as she bounced up and down my cock, flipping over so I could ram my thumb up her asshole while she bounced her juicy bubble ass on my rod and begged me to blow my creamy load all over her sexy face and big tits so she could snap some selfies and send them to that motherfucker cheating boyfriend! 