When her boyfriend suggests they enter a best sex tape contest, this sexy girl is hesitant at first. She knows she’s hot and she’s sure they can win; after all, they are always fucking on fire in bed! She’s just worried people they know might see their video, what would they think of them? But his daring idea really turns her on and awakens her dirtiest side, so she accepts! He already has the camera set up, so they get right to it! He unbuttons her top and she shows off her nice tits, turning over and shaking her juicy bubble butt as she takes off her denim shorts and exposes her dripping wet snatch. His sexy girlfriend gets down on her knees, stroking and sucking his big hard cock, drooling all over it like the pornstars in the videos they love to watch together do! She leans over the counter and places one of her long legs over it, so he can penetrate and fuck her from behind. She bites her lips as he bangs her, it feels so good, the camera seems to have made his dick even harder and bigger than usual, she likes that! Must be the rush from knowing they will be internet sensations pretty soon! She even rubs her muff while her boyfriend pounds her and gets back on her knees so she can stroke and suck his throbbing member some more, then naked girl crawls on her hands and knees all the way to the bedroom. Where she gets into a 69 with her guy, deepthroating his big dick while he tongue fucks her dripping wet clam. Man, she feels like a slut and she loves it, she can even imagine her friends and his coworkers finding her on the web and masturbating to their amateur porn video! She spreads her legs so her boyfriend can keep fucking her tight cunt and she talks dirty to the camera. She can’t believe she had doubts about doing this in the first place, she never imagined it would feel so good, so natural! Naked girl even puts on a sexy ballet outfit from her closet so her boyfriend can fuck her while she wears it. Wow, her pussy is so big and meaty, so sexy! His sexy girlfriend moans with ecstacy, she has never done anything sexual before. While he’s cumming all over her cute face, she’s already thinking about the next videos they will make together! 