Being the new girl in class sucks. This poor girl is shy and introverted, and when she finds herself all alone after classes in the classroom with two of her new fellow students, she fears she’s going to get bullied by them, but these girls want to get to know her better and unleash her potential for becoming their new BFF, best friend forever! The girls know by experience that behind every shy, timid girl lurks a freaky, kinky slut just waiting to be found! They take off her geeky glasses and place her facing the black board, spreading her arms and legs, lifting her plaid skirt and pulling her cotton panties down! She has a sexy little bubble ass, this girl has potential! The young lesbians bend her over the teacher’s desk and while one of the girls holds her face against the desk, she can feel the other girl’s wet, warm, silky tongue digging into her snatch, spreading her tender pussy lips and wriggling inside her, caressing her engorged clit! It feels so hot! She opens herself to her and she kisses her there. She lets the girls undress her, she has never felt so excited before, better yet, so accepted, wanted, desired! The girls lick, kiss and bite her soft neck, caressing her breasts, stimulating her erect nipples with their soft fingers. She never even dared fantasized with being with another girl, much less with two! The girls caress her hair and arms, stripping naked as they spread her legs so they can keep licking her warm moist pussy. The girls get naked too. While one of the girls spreads her legs and eats her out, the other stands and squats over her, so she can learn how to eat pussy too! She sticks her tongue deep inside. Instantly, her pussy juices rush into her mouth. This is so new, she never tasted another girl’s twat, she had no idea it tasted and felt so good! She loves the way a pussy smells, it makes her dizzy. Her tongue is in her pussy licking her as she rocks back and forth and her nose is up her arse. When her tongue is exploring her vagina, and the friend’s tongue is fucking her own vagina, her mind is completely on her backdoor. She’s lost in the feeling of it. She loves it. She does what the other girl does to her. She kisses around her lips and on her inner thighs, using lots of tongue. The new girl in class slurps all over her cunt with her lips and tongue. She was always worried about boys and now she doesn’t have to worry anymore, she already has two girls to fuck with! She is trembling now as the tempo of her tongue is bringing her to the peak of pleasure. One of her new lesbian friends bends over and gets her soaked pussy licked by the other, and the new girl dares to rim her asshole! She’s a fast learner! Two naked girls trib and the third girl sits on one of them, getting her pussy licked and fingered. The young lesbians eat her pussy and lick her little ass from both sides, making her moan and squirm with pleasure. Soon she experiences the first of many incredible orgasms with her two new friends and hot lesbian lovers! At the end three naked girls spread their legs and masturbate on the teacher’s desk!   BFFS is the place to check out, view and enjoy the hottest naked girls in the best threesome, foursome and more-some orgies. These naughty young girls discovered that sex and fucking just wasn’t the same without their Best Friends Forever, that’s why BFFs brings you the hottest teen porn featuring sexy girls stripping naked, masturbating together, trying lesbian sex for the first time and having sex with their boyfriends together.