Two deliciously cute girls with beautiful perky personalities, they are twins, gymnasts, ballerinas… couldn’t ask for more! A performance like this will just change your opinion of ballet. These two beautiful nude ballerinas manage to perform their moves in perfect synch because they are twins. Dancing while naked gives them the opportunity to express their sexuality and show off their beautiful bodies through art. Their movements are impeccable, soft, sensual, erotic. Their presentations are quite moving, and for them, exquisitely arousing. True nude art. Amazingly exposed, delectable pussies, cute butts, great muscle tone, if all ballet was performed in the nude I would buy a season ticket. When the naked girls are over, they find themselves terribly turned on and they have their own special way of celebrating their performance, with five big rubber cocks lined up in a row on top of a big squared mirror. Some cocks are white, some are black, and each one is bigger and thicker than the one before it in line. Most of the time they are performing, the naughty twins can’t wait to finish so they can get off on their huge sex toys! Naughty girls indeed! The twins lube up the toys, stroking and caressing them as if they were real cocks and squat over them, rubbing their dripping wet snatches against them. One of the sisters tries the first dildo on for size, a 6 incher that fits snugly inside her, with the other sister following her steps after her. After getting their fill from the first toy, the girls move on to the next, bigger and thicker and take turns riding it. These twins go head to head to see who can insert the biggest dildo. Every time one toy makes them cum, they move on to the next, stretching their pussies inch by inch until they get to the big number five, 12+ inches of rubber cock to fuck with! I like the girls both are smiling, when the penetrstes them selves. This is the most challenging for the twins, yet, the most rewarding one. The orgasms it manages to rip from these naughty nude ballerinas sends them straight to bed and ready to rest afterwards until their next performance! I like these sexy sisters, all their nude performances, can’t wait for their next video. I do like all from Petter Hegre because I dont’ know if a limit is existing. Don’t miss more high-quality erotic scenes with young naked girls revealing all their secret fantasies. 