After many years not seeing each other, these guys finally reconnect during a weekend vacation with their teen daughters. The girls are all grown up and looking so sexy! One of the guys can’t believe how hot his friend’s blonde teen daughter is and he decides to sneak into her bedroom while she’s taking a nap! The sexy girl is in her lingerie and notices his bulging erection under his jeans and grazes it softly with her hands. Meanwhile, his friend visits his daughter too and she’s quite happy to see him! In the next room, his daughter sucks his friend’s hard cock and strokes it with her hand, it’s so big and hard, she is delighted! She spreads her legs so her dad’s best friend can eat her out, fucking her tight gash with his slick tongue. He pulls her tight teen body towards the edge of the bed and impales her young tight cunt on his mature cock, banging her hard in missionary position. Wow, her pussy lips are so big and meaty, amazing. The young girl watches down as his cock is going in and out of her pussy and can’t believe, her father’s pal is fucking her! His long cock is drilling between her lips harder and harder and his balls are slapping against her asshole. And he doesn’t care if his friend can hear her daughter getting fucked by him, he’s sure he’s banging his daughter as well! After all, that was the idea behind the whole trip in the first place, to get reacquainted and to swap daughters! Naked blonde straddles herself atop his hard cock and rides him like a dirty slut, her tender bubble butt bouncing up and down his hard rod as he flips her over and makes her ride his dick in reverse cowgirl, squatting over his member so he can admire that sexy little bubble butt on her. She rubs her slit while he pounds her hard and she never imagined these vacations would turn out to be so hot and sexy! Next door, her dad can hear his daughter getting fucked hard by his best friend as his daughter is riding up and down his dick too! That girl has a chunky bubble butt and her pussy is the tightest he has ever fucked in his life. He’s been divorced for quite some time, same as his pal, and he can’t remember the last time he fucked like this! Luckily their weekend is just getting started and since the girls are young and hot, these friends will be able to fuck them over and over in a foursome and blow their loads all over their slutty faces and sexy teen bodies!   I fuck your daughter, you fuck mine! Daughter Swap is the home of naughty daughters that want a man just like their Daddy to fuck them hard with their big dicks after they suck it and swallow their creamy cum! That’s why these dads came up with the awesome idea of swapping their young daughters with their best friends, so they know their beautiful little princesses are in the right hands and they get to bang their buddies’ smoking hot teen daughters at the same time! Talk about hitting two birds with the same stone! Watch all these young naked girls, amazing foursome, double cumshots, cum swapping.