Is there something more beautiful than two young teenage girls kissing and licking each others tits, pussies and assholes, masturbating, scissoring? This beautiful blonde schoolgirl with thick black glasses and a cute ponytail wonders what having sex might feel like while studying with her best friend and classmate, a sexy blonde with short hair. She doesn’t know either, but she tells her that they could experiment and try sex with each other for the first time to see what it’s like! She loves the idea and starts kissing her friend softly on the lips, getting on top of her and unbuttoning her white cotton school blouse, letting her friend undo the last button and caress her firm breasts, it feels so nice, just like she imagined! She leans over and kisses her friend while she caresses her soft ass and licks her perky nipples with her soft wet tongue. Her juicy, puffy nipples are so nice. She sucks on them, tugging at them with her lips as the schoolgirls keep making out. She likes the way her friend plays with her titties, it makes her dripping wet pussy tingle under her cotton panties and she removes her friend’s so she can spread her legs and play with her tight clam. She feels her tongue licking the inside of her thighs and then she touches her pussy and her clit with her tongue for the first time. It’s amazing. I bet her pussy taste as good as it looks. Her friend parts her tender pink pussy lips with her watery tongue and tongue fucks her wet slit. Soon she is digging her wet tongue deep inside her tender asshole. She spreads her ass cheeks very good and dives between them with her tongue. She’s seen it done in hot lesbian porn videos and she wanted to try it out on her best friend. She is so glad she likes it too! She finger fucks her wet clam while rimming her asshole with her smooth tongue. She inserts one finger, two fingers and four fingers up her vagina, when her naked ass is high in the air and all exposed for her viewing pleasure. She begins to rub her wet pussy lips so fast that her friend begins to cum every second. Having sex feels just like they both imagined it would, perhaps even better than that! Naked girls start scissoring each other and their pressed against each other pussies are enjoying it so much. Their pussy juices mixing and their small tits bouncing up and down. In the 69 position the girls taste each other’s clit, nibbling and licking all over their pussy. These naked schoolgirls fuck each other with their mouths for about 30 minutes, watch the full length movie. 