This guy walks in on his sexy brunette girlfriend while she’s doing the laundry, and since it’s lingerie washing day, she’s not wearing any panties and he can see her delicious bubble shaped ass and tight snatch as she sorts the dirty clothes on the floor. His half naked girlfriend looks so sexy he comes up with a great idea, filming her while they get it on! An impromptu sex tape, she likes the idea! She’s wearing a sexy black dress with matching stockings and she gets down on her knees, rubbing her dripping wet cunt and showing off her spread ass on camera. She squats down and slips one finger up between the moist lips of her vagina and begins rubbing her wet slit. Watching these close up views you almost breath in the aroma of her pussy. His sexy girlfriend plays with herself before sucking and stroking her boyfriend’s big fat sausage while he films her. She lifts his dick so she can suck his balls too, she wants to show the camera how dirty and fucking sexy she can be with her boyfriend. She can already imagine their sex tape going live and viral on the web and it turns her on so fucking much! She bares her big tits while sucking his hard dick and tells him to lie flat on his back so she can straddle herself on top and impale her dripping wet pussy on his cock, riding him in reverse cowgirl so he can get a great angle of her juicy bubble shaped ass and rub her asshole with his thumb while she humps him. Still in reverse cowgirl, she accommodates herself so she is kinda sitting on his cock while pushing her bubble ass up and down his member. He grabs her chunky ass cheek and squeezes it hard and she takes off her dress and gets down on her hands and knees on the laundry room floor so her boyfriend can fuck her pussy doggy style from behind. He puts her flat on her back, spreads her long legs and penetrates and fucks her in missionary position, closing up on her sexy face to capture her expression as that big dick inside her makes her cum so hard. She begs her boyfriend to just keep pumping her pussy with his big dick until he’s ready to cum, and to blow his creamy load all over her open mouth, her cute face and her naked body. She grasps his throbbing dick with both hands and squeezes his balls and long spurts comes out, splattering her face. His girlfriend opens her mouth and thick streams of cum ran down her face, dripping off her chin, running down her neck. She licks it all off herself and his hard cock and balls just like her favorite female pornstars do on the web! 