I decided to take a look around, and wow, what did I find! One of my naughty neighbors was masturbating herself on the shared patio while listening to her favorite tunes on her smartphone! I couldn’t believe what I was seeing! Naked girl had her legs spread wide open as he rubbed her shaved twat and brought herself to an explosive climax. Watching this beautiful young girl spread her legs and masturbate her pink pussy was mesmerizing. I couldn’t stop myself from creepin’ The voyeur in me wanted to see more of her but when she opened her eyes, she realized she wasn’t alone! She felt ashamed, but I told her it was all good, I thought it was awesome that she had such a positive attitude towards her body, public nudity and masturbation. She liked that, and asked me if I wanted to keep watching her! Hell yeah! She played with herself some more, caressing her pussy lips, exposing her clit and opening her vagina. She asked me if I wanted to look at her wet pussy a little closer. What a gorgeous, smooth, flawless pussy this girl had! “Do you like what you see?” she asked, still displaying her spread pussy to me. She even let me help her out, and then she pulled my pants down and started playing with my throbbing hard cock. I love looking down at girl’s face when she takes my cock in her mouth for the first time, it’s so sexy. She popped it in her mouth and sucked it hard, licking my shaft and my balls. I thought I would cum in a second right in her little mouth when her tongue began running around the head of my cock. I got on my back and naked girl got on top of me, she squatted over my erection and impaled her pussy on it, making her sexy naked body bounce up and down my throbbing member. After riding my cock in cowgirl, she flipped over and kept riding, her juicy bubble ass facing my way. She spread her juicy buttocks with both hands so I could see her asshole and began moving her hips, rhythmically pushing herself up against my hard cock. She spread her legs while lying on her back and begged me to fuck her pussy in missionary position and then rode my cock some more on top of the patio table! Soon I was blowing my creamy cum all over her sexy tits and her pretty face! Watch more teen girls caught masturbating and fucking in public places. 