My sexy little stepsister is such a dirty slut, she’ll do anything to get her hands on my credit card and she knows how to get it! One day, I noticed that she left the bathroom door open during her shower. I decided that I “needed” to use the bathroom too. I walked in quietly and stood spying on my step sister as she slowly pulled down her panties, revealing the prettiest ass I had ever seen. I could see her sexy ass and her little pussy. I couldn’t help looking and she knew I was looking. Then she saw that I was spying and acted like nothing happened and she didn’t care I saw her naked, wasn’t embarassed at all. On the contrary, when I saw her beautiful naked body I got an instant erection! My step sister always loved walking around the house in her panties and I always dreamed about seeing where her sexy legs connected to her body. In fact, she wanted to go party with her friends and she was strapped for cash, so as she asked if she could burrow my credit card, she would do something for me into the shower. I teased her a bit, offering her the card and taking it away as she tried to grab it. She knew she was going to have to work to get it… work my dick! She got out of the shower and pulled apart her pussy lips, and let me touch her wet slit and juicy bubble butt. I thought I was going to cum in my pants. She got down on her knees on the bathroom floor, grabbed my cock and put it in her mouth and sucked it like crazy. I let her give me head, sucking my dick all the way down to the base, stroking my cock and licking my balls. That dirty little cock sucker gave me such a hard on! We went to the living room so she could keep sucking my cock comfortably and her soft, silky hair fell over my belly as she blow me. My naked step sister climbed on top of me took my hard cock and guided it between her moist pussy lips and lowered herself so that I went just in to her. The sight of her trimmed pussy with a “landing strip” was such a turn on. She rode me, bouncing up and down my shaft. I loved watching her pushed her naked body up and down my meaty pole wearing absolutely nothing but a sexy pair of fuck me heels. Yeah, she let me fuck her for my credit card, but that didn’t mean the dirty little bitch didn’t enjoy it, she loved getting her pussy banged hard. I made her lie flat on her back and spread her legs so I could fuck her tight cunt in missionary position. I rubbed her clit while I’m fucking her and I enjoyed the sexy expression on her face as she begged me to give her my hard cock, and my creamy cum and finally… my credit card, lol! I pounded her snatch in several different positions and made her suck my hard cock and big balls some more. Once I got my fill I was ready to cum, blowing my creamy load all over my slutty stepsister’s dirty face and open mouth, watching her swallow my cum as I lend her my cred card!   If they are family after all, what wrong can there be in these horny guys spying on, seducing and banging their step sisters? When these guys see their half naked sisters walking around in just the panties, displaying their sexy legs and their sexy bubble butts, indecent thoughts come. SisLovesMe is full of smoking hot girls with big tits, juicy butts and dripping wet pussies that are simply irresistible to their perverted stepbrothers. That’s okay! These guys sneak in sisters’ room at night and fuck them while they sleep, convince them to pose fully naked for them, watch porn and masturbate together, cum inside after pounding their tight pussies and even lose virginity with them!