This guy likes smart chicks, and his girlfriend is already on her way to her second PhD, but sometimes, she goes to extremes and over studies, neglecting some of her significant duties, such as keeping her boyfriend sexually satisfied. When this happens, it’s his turn to discipline and punish his sexy little fuck slut and remind her of her role. She begs him to wait until she finishes cramming some more books, but waiting time is over! He squeezes her big tits while kissing her neck, sucking on her nipples as she squirms, eager to get her tight ass spanked by her man. She loves it when he punishes her this way! He slaps her tits and rubs her muff over her skimpy shorts, popping them over and reaching under. She’s soaking wet already! He finger fucks her on the couch and she squeals like a pig in heat! She grabs his huge cock and swallows it whole, sucking and stroking it. He pushes her face against his crotch so she can engulf it, slapping her and fingering her asshole. She drools all over his throbbing erection and he puts her down on all fours and rams his sausage deep inside her wet cunt, pounding her doggy style from behind with his hand over her mouth, groping her tits, squeezing them hard and making her scream. He’s banging his girlfriend so hard she can’t stop screaming. The fine line between abuse and pleasure is so thin! She likes to be fucked nasty n roughly and her boyfriend likes rough n dirty sex too coz they always watching extreme porn together. He strips her naked and straddles her on top of him, impaling her tight pussy on his huge dick, making her bounce up and down his lap. “ohhhhh shit fuck fuck me uhhhhh harder harder push it deeper uh uh depper I want u to push it soooo deep your balls r up agains my ass”. The hot naked babe rides his cock and he fucks her hard pressing her heavy buttocks on his lap and squeezing them strongly. Then the man fucks her  brutally sideways while pulling her hair. He jackhammers her twat for about half an hour while she’s scraeming for him to fuck her hard and he doesn’t stop until he blows his creamy load all over her slutty face! Now she can keep studying until he wants to fuck her again! Watch more the most extreme hardcore sex scenes with young teen girls. 