Expecting massage only! I have been suffering from lower back pains for quite some time and a good friend recommended I go visit his massage therapist. For some reason, he overlooked telling me how hot and sexy the blonde masseuse was. She was smiling and very nice, with a pair of stunning big tits. Her hands felt wonderful. The sexy babe started working on the insides of my thighs, I couldn’t control it and started getting an erection. Her hands were working very close to my balls and it was sure getting me aroused. And halfway through the massage, when she asked me to turn over, I realized I had a full blown raging erection! I thought she would get offended, but she actually smiled and said it was all good. She told me she’s used to her male clients getting erections during the massage. She kept rubbing me, but I noticed she couldn’t get her eyes off my hard on! She told me that she usually just waits for it to subdue, but in my case, she’d love to help me out with it! She got on top of the table, on her knees between my legs, removing the towel as she put her hands around my throbbing member and began caressing my cock with her fingertips and massaging my balls. She next took off her little dress and was now nude. This babe had a fantastic body! Her big full natural titties were mouth watering. Fully naked the masseuse got up on the table over me and I couldn’t help myself and I ran my hands over her tits, squeezing and rubbing them. The babe had the best looking tits I had ever seen. The nipples were already rock hard. She rubbed baby oil on her nice tits and massaged my erection with them. She ran her soft fingers across my hard sausage and big balls and took it to her lips, blowing my dick! Why the fuck didn’t my friend recommend me this chick before!?! The hot blonde drooled all over my dick and balls, sucking my testicles with her puffy lips, massaging my cock with her thoat muscles. She gently rubbed my hot throbbing cock between her oiled up pussy lips. The girl was really exotic and had just a killer body and the way she massaged my cock with her pussy was incredible. Her pussy massage turned me on even more if that was possible. I couldn’t control myself any longer and she guided the head of my dick into her vagina. I was inside her and she was riding me on the massage table! She moved her hips, rhythmically pushing her clit up against my groin and squeezing my dick with her vagina muscles. With my dick still inside her, she flipped over, her juicy bubble shaped ass facing my way as she bounced up and down my throbbing member, spreading her ass cheeks with both hands so I could see her little pink asshole. Next my naked masseuse lied flat on her back and I put my cock between her tits. She squeezed them together and let me fuck her oily tits, sucking on the tip. I spread her legs and penetrated her beautiful pussy in missionary position until I was ready to blow my load, blasting hot semen all over her big tits and sexy face. After we were done naked babe sat across from me and rubbed her sperm covered tits as she moaned loudly.   Wish this movie would never stop! Amazing video, +1 for POV! There is nothing in the world that can stop these hot girls when they start craving for something and, usually, these hotties want nothing but a huge cock, good sex, multiple orgasms and hot cum all over the face. These babes at MOFOS are hard cock and wet pussy loving sluts and they really love to get fucked on camera and let you watch as they engage in the dirtiest, hottest, raunchiest, filthiest hardcore amateur action on the web! With the best porn content in HD, the hottest girls and the most intense porn action, this site is the number one amateur porn site on the web and rightfully so!