This guy’s amazing sex tape with his beautiful girlfriend in a hotel room happened during their last romantic weekend getaway. Everything was right, she booked the perfect place, bought her the perfect dress, booked her an afternoon at the hotel’s spa and salon and even got her a sweet! Of course, he brought along his video camera to make sure they would have a memento of their trip and when he casually through the idea of them making a sex tape in the air, she accepted it without a doubt! The idea of doing something so wild, unexpected and provocative excited her. While her boyfriend filmed her, she exposed her beautiful breasts in the middle of the hotel corridor, dropping to her knees and looking around to make sure nobody was looking while she stroked and sucked his throbbing erection. The possibility of being seen or even getting caught turn her on, making her pussy wet and hot. He films her while she sucks his hard cock and licked her lollipop, stripping naked and running down the corridor to the room in the nude. There his sexy girlfriend jumped on the bed and reached under her pink panties, rubbing her dripping wet muff as she stroked and sucked her boyfriend’s delicious dick. She straddled herself on his lap, pulling her panties aside and letting her slit sink into her boyfriend’s big hard cock until he was totally inside her. She spread her legs and grinded her pussy over his cock while rubbing her wet slit. As she made her body bounce up and down his erection she could already imagine herself showing their amazing sex tape to all of her girlfriends and making them so envious and jealous of her. After riding him cowgirl style naked babe flipped over, his dick still inside her cunt, for reverse cowgirl. She felt like a professional porn star in a XXX movie, so hot, so sexy, so beautiful, so slutty! She spread her ass cheeks with her hands, exposing her ass crack and asshole to the camera as she continued making her juicy bubble ass bounce on his throbbing member. She flipped back to cowgirl, rubbing her clit and licking her lollipop while her boyfriend jackhammered her snatch with his hard cock, ready to blow his load deep in her pussy! He was going to cum but he continued to fuck his hot girlfriend, unable to stop. She felt his penis begin jerking inside her vagina as the hot jets of his semen spurted into her, blurp! blurp! blurp! And her vagina suddenly felt warm and wet and full. You can see his slippery semen oozing out her pussy, making a beautiful creampie. The girl began to eat his sperm from her pussy, awesome! 