This geeky blonde young slut with thick glasses is studying with her best friends but her attention is somewhere else, as she looks out the window and watches her friend’s hot mature dad mowing the lawn. He had an incredible body, covered in tattoos and he looks so handsome she can feel her cotton panties getting drenched as her pussy gets wet just thinking about him. The slut runs her hand across the front of her panties and then slips down to her mound and her wet pussy slit and begins to rub it right in front of her girlfriends. The young girl masturbates thinking about her friend’s dad how he fucks the shit out of her mom! When he comes back inside, she finds herself unable to resist spying on him, so she leaves her friends studying in the living room and sneaks into the bathroom. There, she watches her friend’s dad showering naked, masturbating herself while checking out his huge cock. It’s so big! She has never seen a big dick before. She gets so caught up in her masturbatory fantasies that her friend’s dad catches her watching him. The teen girl feels so embarrassed and excited at the same time, as her friend’s dad gets close to her, caressing her tight body and tits over her schoolgirl uniform. He reaches between her legs, under her skirt, pulling her pink cotton panties aside, rubbing and fingering her wet pussy. When his hand starts to slid between her thighs, up her pussy mound, she starts to breathe more heavier, her clit gets harder and her pussy begins to drip, she instinctively parts her thighs to give him better access. He takes her to his bedroom, putting her against the wall, pressing his naked body against her, fondling her tits and ass while taking off her school uniform. A bald pussy, cute little butt, perky titties… the girl is so hot!!! Half naked, she drops to her knees, taking his throbbing member in her hands, guiding it to her open mouth so she can suck it. It’s the first cock in her little mouth, she has never even touched a man’s cock before. She’s just 18 and so young but she deep throats it all the way down to the base, slobbering it with her drool. Her best friend’s dad’s cock is so big, thick and hard. She gets down on all fours on his bed and he penetrates her from behind, his throbbing erection sinking into her wet snatch as he fucks her doggie style. He grabs her juicy butt, slapping it hard as he fucks her. She wonders if her best friend in the living room knows that she is getting fucked by her dad, it kind of turns her on if she does. By now she is totally naked, straddling herself on top of her mature lover’s hard cock, impaling her tight pussy on it and riding him in cowgirl position. I love the way this young naked girl rides his dick and her bald pussy takes his cock, her pussy lips are wrapped around it and massage his balls. She flips over to reverse cowgirl and makes her body bounce up and down his hard pole until her best friend’s dad is ready to blow his load all over her face. With her face covered in dad’s sperm she can back to her friends and continue to do her homework.   At Reality Kings nothing turns these hot young girls on more than creeping behind their parents, boyfriends, and almost caught while sucking and stroking their lover’s big hard cocks and getting their dripping wet pussies and tight asshole pounded hard, and you can check out all those amazing and exclusive XXX videos right here! Sexy teen sluts and their sexy moms with big tits and juicy round bubble butts sharing hard cocks and explosive cumshots or enjoying the hottest masturbation, pussy licking and tripping lesbian fun! The danger of getting caught is what turns them on the most, come check them out right now!