I love the 4th of July! It’s the perfect opportunity to get together with my family and especially my sexy stepsister! After greeting and catching up with my dad and my stepmom I finally get a chance to spend some time alone with my stepsister. She gets down on her knees and starts sucking and stroking my rock hard cock, it’s been so long since the last time this dirty bitch gave me head! She tells me how much she missed sucking my dick and licking my balls, but unfortunately we get interrupted by our parents and we have to stop. They are so happy to see the whole family reunited and to see us getting along so well, if they only knew! While we enjoy our Fourth of July barbecue, she’s jerking me off under the table and I’m masturbating her wet pussy. She’s giving me dirty looks and flirting with me and our parents don’t have a clue of what’s going on. Since we already know our parents stay chatting at the table for hours I excuse myself, followed by my sexy stepsister in her skimpy star-spangled bikini. She gets down on her knees and finishes what she started. She pulled my trunks down and my cock came slapping out, she grabbed it and put it in her warm mouth and started to suck on it greedily, each time allowing it to go deeper in her mouth. She told me how she loved my cock, sucking and stroking it and rubbing it all over her dirty face. If my slutty step sister didn’t stop I would cum in her mouth. She looked up at me and said it was ok. She pulled down her panties, exposing me her amazing ass and her wet pussy lips, spread her buttocks and told me push it in. She bends over the living room table, shaking her juicy bubble butt while I pound her dripping wet pussy from behind, so fucking hot! I pulled her whole body back tight against mine. My hard cock was sunk to its fullest depth in her twerking ass, I grasped and squeezed her breasts, jerking and pulling at them as I fucked her from behind. When I stop fucking her, my slutty stepsister pushes her ass against my cock, urging me to keep banging her. The way she was moving, twerking her ass, pushing her body against me was stunning! I thought I would cum inside her. We can actually see our parents from the window, good thing they can’t see us! I sit on the couch and my naked step sister straddles herself on top of my lap, squatting over my dick and impaling her dripping wet pussy on it, pushing her body up and down my rod. With my dick still inside her, she flips over, grinding her crotch against my own while I groped and fondle her delicious tits as if they were pizza dough. As she begs me to fuck her harder and faster she confesses that she would love to get caught by our parents right in the moment when I am blowing my load and blasting creamy cum all over her face and mouth!   If you fantasize with banging your slutty sister, eating out your stepdaughter’s young pussy or having your gf’s sexy mom suck your hard cock, or all of this together in one family orgy, here at FamilyStrokes, all those dirty fantasies cum true right in front of your eyes! In this age of the extended family, nothing is taboo behind closed doors. These hot naked women seduce teens and make them fuck them hard, these horny guys sneak into the sister’s room and fuck them when the girls sleep, brother and sister taking shower together, these pervert stepdad enjoy their young step daughters’ pussies. Watch it all in the most crazy, threesome, foursome, sex family orgies!