Since my car broke down, my sexy stepsister has been given me a lift to and from my job, which has given us a great opportunity to bond and get to know each other better. I was talking to her about this girl at work, she has great tits and I just can’t tell if they are real or fake. Intrigued, my stepsister asked if I could tell if her tits were real or not! Her tits are so fucking hot, I was getting a hard on just having the opening to talk about them with her. She noticed and she kind of liked it, because she said her tits were natural with a flirty expression on her face. I told her I didn’t believe that her, that her tits were too perfect to be natural, and she told me to take a look and touch them so I could see for myself! Still driving, she pulled her tits over her top, un-fucking believable! This didn’t stop when we got back home, where she invited me to keep playing with her tits as she stripped naked and bent over, spreading her juicy bubble ass cheeks with her hands, showing me her delicious pussy and asshole! She pulled my pants and made me naked and asked me if i would like to fuck her and cum in her mouth! My naked step sister got down on her knees and started sucking my hard cock, confessing she wanted to do this since the first day she met me. She sucked my balls and I fucked her mouth, pushing her face against my crotch. I lied flat on my back and she climbed atop of me. I held my cock against her pussy. She spread her ass cheeks and put her pussy right onto the top of my penis and fast lowered herself onto it. She began riding my dick with such force with her perfect bubble ass facing my way. Just watching her beautiful butt bouncing up and down my cock almost made me blow my load in her! She moved slowly, squeezing my dick with her pussy walls, it felt so good, then riding me like crazy. I grabbed hold of her round ass and caressed her tits while she rocked me. She sucked on my cock and balls some more. Then my slutty step sister began riding up and down on my erection in a cowgirl, while I pulled her in close with my hands around her buttocks. We switched to many positions, me on top, on our sides, 69 and then doggie. Finally I was ready to cum on her face and in her mouth as she wanted. 