I never really considered myself a voyeur until that day at the beach when I spotted this sexy blonde girl rinsing off the sand from her beautiful tits and smoking hot body while topless and snapping some selfies. All I could think of was getting my dick between her big tits and between her juicy ass buttocks into her wet pussy. She looked very sexy showering half naked there, her two big breasts looked awesome. She looked like a beautiful version of Kate Hudson, almost perfect body. I followed her back to her room at the motel where we were both staying and I spied at her from the bathroom window as she took a shower and then from her bedroom window as she lied naked in bed taking naked selfies while rubbing her soft shaved snatch. I could see her pussy very good when she played with herself on bed. I was so turned on watching her that I accidentally alerted her of my presence. She was a bit shocked at first, but she was even more flattered that I would get so turned on watching her. As it turned out, I had the luck of discovering my voyeuristic side with an exhibitionist girl. She invited me into her bedroom and said that I could watch and even touch her pussy and her breast. Naked babe masturbated and then grabbed my hard on and rubbed my big hard cock between her big tits. She began sliding my cock between her juicy tits and each time she open her mouth so that she could suck the head of my cock. I moaned in delight as she licked from the base of my cock to the tip, moving her tongue back and fourth and around. I fucked her boobs and she pressed them against my throbbing member while sucking and licking my cock and balls. After sucking and stroking my cock she lied flat on her back and spread her legs, urging me to pop my big dick into her wet slit and to fuck her hard. I rubbed her clit and her pussy lips with my cock and then pushed it deep in her. I grabbed at her legs, groped her soft ass cheeks, rubbed her chest and tweaked her nipples. She said that having sex with a stranger it was something she longed dreamed for. After banging her in missionary she made me lie flat on my back and climbed on to me holding my cock and entering it into her cunt. The cock entered her tight cunt and she began bounce up and down my shaft, riding my erection in cowgirl position.  Ah, how I loved having casual sex with her. The hot naked babe rode me with such passion, that it did not take me long to blow my creamy load all over her big tits and her sexy face! 