Two smoking hot girls in skimpy bikinis get inside a round rubber pool and drench their naked bodies in baby oil, rubbing one against the other in a wild and kinky wrestling party. The girls have lots of fun licking, fingering and tribbing their oil drenched pussies and teasing their tight assholes, but what they really want is to have a big hard cock to suck and fuck together in a slippery oiled up threesome. This lucky stud joins them and the wild girls give him a shared blowjob, sucking and licking his throbbing member and his big balls, drenching them in a wild and kinky mix of baby oil, their drool and his cum. Two naked girls deep throat his erection, choking, gagging and drooling all over his cock and swapping the sticky mess. One of the girls gets down on her hands and knees so he can penetrate and fuck her dripping wet pussy from behind doggie style while her friend fingers and rubs her dripping wet snatch and massages the guy’s balls. His slippery semen is oozing out around his thrusting penis, a gorgeous stream of pussy juice seeping out of her vagina with each his thrust. It looks like he has just unloaded a quart of cum deep inside her cunt. Her friend loves watching her cummed up friend getting fucked and she can’t wait for her turn to take that big hard cock up her tight cunt. She quickly straddles herself atop his member, takes his erection and rubs it between her moist pussy lips and the head of his penis slids in her dripping wet slit. She starts sensually grinding her body and crotch against his, while her naughty friend rubs her slippery and sticky pussy. The naked girls are slippery and sticky with oil, saliva, cum and pussy juice all the time. That big oiled up cock feels so fucking good inside her as she bounces up and down his shaft faster. Her friend is sucking hard on her nipples and kissing her mouth, making her bend over so she can spit all over her pussy and ass, tongue fucking her asshole. The teen slut greedily licks her friend’s bulging anus which is right in her face. His semen is oozing out of her and dripping from his balls into the friend’s open mouth. She goes and cleans up his dripping cock, and popping it back inside her slippery cunt, licking and sucking his balls while he pounds her friend hard. The nasty slut takes his Dick from her pussy so she can suck it, popping it back inside her friend and licking her asshole more, sperm and saliva dripping from her lips. The dirty girls take turns getting their pussies and assholes pounded hard by their lover until he is ready to blow his creamy load all over their faces and bodies and deep in their twats. He squirts like a hose and his sperm shoots everywhere. The girls lick and swallow it. Our two beautiful naked girls are left covered in hot and sticky cum from head to toe and they fucking love it! Oil wrestling party ends with two girls kissing and having lesbian sex in a puddle of sperm in the pool!   If you like young naked girls you are going to love Lubed, where the action gets as raw and wet as it can! Watch beautiful young naked girls covered in cum from head to toes, their naked bodies glistening and slippery as they suck hard on these big dicks, drooling all over them, getting their dripping wet pussies and tight asses pounded hard, masturbating and having hot lesbian sex with their naked friends in a threesome, foursome and more-some orgies! Baby oil, precum, pussy juice, saliva and liters of cum are just some of their favorite lubes to get drenched and soaked as they enjoy the hottest and kinkiest XXX sex action!