While their moms are chatting somewhere else, this sexy blonde lesbian teen is making out with her best friend. The girls are just wearing their tops and thongs, so they can feel each other up over their clothes and, if necessary, get dressed fast enough so their mothers don’t catch them. However, the young lesbians get so caught up in their make out session that they don’t realize that their moms, a sexy mature blonde and a ravishing hot brunette cougar, have already spotted them! Matter of fact, the girls are getting so excited that they are already taking off their sweaters and it’s already too late when they realize their moms are right next to them. Busted! The blonde’s mom is besides herself, but her brunette friend reminds her that they were ones young too and also enjoyed experimenting, and maybe their girls just need a little bit of guidance, so the women decide to swap their daughters! The blonde teen gets her panties slipped off her body by her friend’s hot brunette mom, while her own mom does the same to her friend. The mature babes pass their hands all over the sexy teens hot bodies, making their nipples get hard and their pussies drip wet. Two young naked girls spread their legs so their moms can lick their teen pussies and spread their pink pussy lips with their soft fingers. The women are going to teach their lesbian daughters how to satisfy a woman, how to eat a pussy right, how to lick a clit and how to bring her lesbian partner to a mind blowing multiple orgasms! The teen girls are getting finger fucked and eaten out by each other’s hot mom, they can hardly believe that this is really happening and that it feels so fucking hot! You can see the white pussy juice oozing out of their pussies [3:05], awesome! The girls are eager to return the favor, switching places with their naked moms and eating them out, tasting their delicious pussy juices in this hot mature on teen lesbian foursome. Then all four naked girls go into a hot double tribbing/scissoring foursome! Young and mature lesbians rub their vaginas together in a humping motion, it looks fantastic! Nothing has ever felt better than mom’s warm pussy against theirs, their juices mixing and their tits bouncing up and down. 