I couldn’t believe my luck when the beautiful sorority girls on my campus invited me over to one of their initiation parties so I could get initiated into their exclusive sisterhood. But I had no idea that the girls were lesbians and that I had to have sex with all of them. I told them I had never done this before, I had never even touched a girl’s pussy or penis before, but the sisters made me lie flat on my back on the rug and blindfolded me. Then, one of the girls squatted over my face, pulled her panties down and pushed her meaty pussy against my mouth, making me kiss, lick and suck it!!! The girls then told me to kiss her clit and suck on it, I did everything they told me. She was moaning and I felt her pussy juice rushed into my mouth. It tasted so fucking hot, my pussy was getting drenched just by eating her out. She then turned around and told me to open her ass cheeks and lick her pussy and her asshole. She sat on my face, so I could to eat her vagina with my nose stuck up her ass crack. One by one, the sisters lined up and squatted over my face, sitting on it and making me eat them out one by one, slapping me on the face whenever they felt I wasn’t doing a good job and couldn’t guess which girl it was just by the taste. Honestly, I did a half assed job just so they could punish me, it made me feel like such a dirty little slut. They even made me lick their tight ass holes, super fucking hot! The girls finally removed my blindfolds and stripped me completely naked, spreading my legs and finger fucking my wet pussy, shoving their dirty fingers into my mouth so I could lick them and taste my own pussy on them. I was screaming and moaning like crazy, experiencing my first orgasm, when she fucked me with her hand, hitting my G-spot. Then all girls were naked and they put me down on my hands and knees. I could feel their hands all over my body as one of the girls got down on all fours in front of me and they made me lick her asshole while another one of the girls got behind me and tossed my salad, the last girl lining up behind her and rimming her asshole too. I just couldn’t get enough of that tasty asshole I was licking, and having another girl licking my own ass and pussy at the same time made me feel even hotter and more turned on by the second. I couldn’t wait to see what the girls would do to me next! Naked girls formed a circle together on the rug, each one of us getting our pussies and assholes licked and fingered and doing the same to the girl in front of us. Pretty soon I had lost count of how many times the sisters had made me cum and I was happy when they told me my initiation was over and I was part of their sisterhood. Yay!   Hot young naked girls in the best orgies ever! BFFs is the porn site dedicated and devoted to sweet, cute, sexy, naughty girls that share it all, from makeup and lingerie, to sex toys and boyfriends! They do everything together, go shopping, partying and dancing, as well as stripping naked, showering, having hot lesbian sex, sucking cock and getting fucked hard and receiving delicious facials and cumshots from their shared lovers and boyfriends in kinky group sex action! Naked schoolgirls, sleepovers, soccer girls, sexy ballerinas, bachelorette parties, prom! Its all here! Come inside right now and watch their adventures!