It’s Friday night at the dorm and the sexy college coeds invited their male friends over for a hot game of strip pong, where whoever looses has to strip naked and let the winner fuck them! The naughty girls do their best, but unfortunately they end up losing to the guys… Well, it’s not really so unfortunate, they love stripping naked, showing off their big tits! All girls pull out their boobs and all of them have really good tits. One of the girls has heart-shaped areolas!!! It looks amazing. When the girls touch each other’s titties one of the guys pulls down his pants and shows his erect dick to them. The hottest girl can’t resist to get on her knees and take his cock to her mouth. She takes the lead, giving this lucky guy a sloppy blowjob, thick ropes of drool dripping from her lips and from his throbbing erection. She picks that drool up with her wet tongue and spreads it all over the guy’s sausage. She’s licking his dick like an ice cream cone while all her friends are watching enviously. Before long they are making out heavily in the middle of the dorm room. She pulls down her damp panties exposing her delicious bubble ass for everyone in the room! Naked girl spreads her lips and slides a finger into her glistening pussy, straddling herself on top of the guy and inserting his big dick inside her dripping wet cunt. She meanders like a snake on his dick, twerking her ass, grinding him, riding him hard while her naughty friends have hot lesbian sex with each other. He rubs and licks her big swollen milk glands. Her friends are getting so turned on watching her on top of that big hard cock, it makes their pussies drip as they lick and finger fuck each other. Everybody inside the dorm room is feeding off each other’s sexual energy, it’s so raw and wild, kinky and electrifying. The sexy coed riding cock makes her delicious bubble shaped ass bounce up and down her lover’s lap while watching her beautiful friends having hot girl on girl sex. Her guy sits her over the strip pong table, spreads her legs and fucks her cunt in missionary position. A couple of young naked girls makes out on the top bunk bed. A hot blonde eats out a sexy brunette chick, with a couple of naked girls right next to them watching and enjoying the show. Another pair of girls help the sexy babe getting fucked, spreading her legs as wide as possible so that big hard cock can penetrate and fuck her even deeper and harder. Her big tits look much better, shacking back and forth when he fucks her missionary on the ping pong table. She squzzes her boobs with both hand with her legs split all the way wide open when her guy tries his best pounding her pussy. Now the guy gets between her legs and uses his smooth tongue to pleasure and satisfy her, parting her pink pussy lips with his tongue and fucking her with it. All girls watch with envy as he eats out her spread pussy, kisses her anus and fucks her vagina with his tongue. She grabs his hair and fucks her pussy with his head. This is the BEST DORM SEX VIDEO EVER!!! This hot naked babe gets down on all fours so she can get her beautiful bubble shaped ass pounded hard from behind doggie style, it makes her feel like a dirty bitch and she likes that sensation. He pulls back on her hair and seems she just can’t get enough of him fucking her and he doesn’t stop until she gets her mouth filled with load of his hot cum.   The hottest sex in college campuses, fraternity and sorority houses and college dorm rooms is exposed right here at Dare Dorm for you to watch and bust a nut to! These naughty college coeds like to party, dance, get naked, suck cock, eat pussy, masturbate, have hot lesbian sex, get their dripping wet pussies fucked hard, enjoy intense pain of sex, threesomes, foursomes, group sex and receive intense cumshots and facials in the hottest and most exclusive college sex parties and orgies and a very best amateur sex action. Hot college girls and crazy videos added all the time! Don’t miss out!