This guy is absolutely sick and tired of having his slutty stepsister spending the money from his bank account without his permission, but when the dirty little bitch uses the money from the business account he has with his best friend, he decides she needs to get punished to learn a lesson, and since the account belongs to his best friend and him, the punishment will be bestowed by both of them! They force her to take off all her clothes while she’s struggling to get free. The guys strip her naked on her bed and he holds her by the neck and slaps her dirty face while his friend rubs and slaps her dripping wet snatch. Her step brother knows she likes rough n dirty sex coz she always watches extreme porn. They cover her mouth with their hands, slapping her tits and the rest of her body as he stuffs her cock hungry mouth with his big fat cock while she’s down on all fours and getting fucked from behind by his friend. The dirty little blonde teen slut begins to scream when they spit roast her, stuffing her by both ends and pumping her good. She grimaces with pain and pleasure, gasping, moaning and arching her back. While he is fucking his stepsister he can tell that she’s enjoying this punishment but he hopes that anyway the lesson will get through her thick head that it’s not okay to spend other people’s money. Worst case, at least they can keep double teaming her every time she does it! The guys switch positions and put her flat on her back and with her legs spread wide open. His best friend fucks her dripping wet snatch in missionary position while he fucks her mouth with his throbbing erection. The stepbrother gets on his back and straddles his stepsister on top, impaling her dripping wet pussy on his hard cock while she sucks on his best friend’s meat pole, her naked body bouncing up and down his hard shaft. At some point he feared he would feel guilty about double penetrating his own stepsister with his best friend, but quite contrary, it actually feels great and his stepsister may very well be the hottest fuck slut he’s ever banged before. They switch places again so she can ride his best friend’s cock while giving him head, stroking his member and licking his balls before they put her on her back again and keep spit roasting her pussy and mouth. They fuck this slut hardcore for one hour until they are ready to cum, blowing their loads all over her face and mouth! Lesson learned!   WARNING EXTREME TEEN PORN! When teens behave badly, they need to be disciplined, punished and corrected, and the right place for such harsh sexual punishment takes place right here at Punish Teens! Don’t miss