Banging my sexy classmate after getting detention together! I think it’s great to learn about sex at school, but quite honestly, I was paying more attention to the slutty little blonde with pigtails sitting right next to me then to my biology teacher. I mean, that babe looks so fucking hot in her tight schoolgirl outfit she was making my Dick as hard as a rock under my slacks. She noticed the throbbing bulge between my legs and she spread her own, hiking up her schoolgirl skirt and rubbing her pussy over her cotton panties just to tease me and turned me on. It looked as if this lesson about penises and vaginas was going to end in the most unexpected way! As the teacher talked about pussies and a clit, my slutty classmate pulled her moist panties aside and showed me hers. With one leg raised on the desk she slid her finger into her already very wet pussy slit, rubbing and fingering that delicious little pink twat. The other girls in the classroom could see what was going on, giggling as the teacher try to figure out what they found so funny, looks like she takes her penises and vaginas seriously, LOL! Thing is, my classmates started masturbating and got so into it. Most of the class was still writing when she began to moan and cum! She moaned so loud that our teacher finally caught her! At the end of the lesson she sent everybody away except for my classmates and myself, boy, were we in trouble! She gave us the tension and left the classroom and since we were all alone and with several hours to kill, what better thing to do then to pick up where we left off! The dirty little blonde got down on her knees, slowly unzipped my jeans, and grabbed my cock. Her tongue slowly circled the head of my cock. Her head bobbed up and down as she took my entire length into her mouth. After sucking and stroking my big hard cock she asked if I wanted to fuck her hard and cum inside her. Leaning against her desk she lifted up her schoolgirl skirt, spread her beautiful ass cheeks and I penetrated her dripping wet pussy! Holding her pigtails I began to fuck her as quickly and as hard as I could. My naked classmate told me to lay on the teacher’s desk, as I did she climbed on and began riding my cock. Imagine the look on the teacher’s face when she walked in on us fucking, it was priceless! I fucked my classmate missionary on her desk, holding her legs open wide and our teacher watched and just repeated Oh God, oh fuck, don’t cum in her pussy, don’t get her pregnant! I tried to hold it but I couldn’t no more so I started to nut in her tight pussy! 