This naughty blonde teen decided to skip school for the day and just stay home playing in bed in her schoolgirl outfit but she didn’t count on the school principal checking if all the students have gone to school! He wants to school to have a perfect attendance record and will do whatever it takes to enforce it and that means catching those students with a bad attendance record and making sure they change their ways! When she finds the school’s principal knocking on her door she’s shocked. He berates her for skipping classes but she notices a big bulge throbbing between his legs as he reprimands her and she realizes that might just be the way for her to get out of trouble. She takes off her uniform’s blouse and bra and pushes her nice tits and puffy nipples against the principal face! This girl is just 18 years old, but she has really great tits, firm, round, with yummy pink nipples!  There is hardly anyone who could resist the temptation to rub her young boobies, suck her nipples and watch how his cum drips down from them. She’s laughing as he sucks her nipple into his mouth. With one hand he squeezes and gropes the other one. She lies flat on her back, hiking up her skirt and pulling her panties aside so the principal can lick and finger her dripping wet pussy. He begins to eat her out, kissing her wet lips, caressing her clit, shoving his tongue deep into her vagina. She’s trembling as he fucks her pussy with his mouth. She begins to scream from a strong orgasm, holding him by the hair and pressing his head tightly to herself. He sucks on her clit until she comes to several quivering orgasms. Then he spreads her legs and rubs his abundantly oozing precum cock over her pussy slit, her tight pussy gives way and his cock slips in deep inside her body. She thought she would just stay home masturbating in her bedroom, but she never imagined she would be getting fucked hard by the principal, much less that he would have such a huge hard cock! He pounds this tiny girl to one more unbelievable quivering orgasm. The new angle makes him go even deeper. She has a really intense orgasm with lots of quivering. Then the principal lets his student rest, stuffing her mouth with his cock so she can suck it and lick his balls too. Then he puts his little student down on her hands and knees and rams his hard cock deep inside her teen pussy, fucking her doggie style from behind. He’s thrusting his cock so deep into her pussy that his balls are slapping against her clit, it looks amazing! This is the kind of incentive an undisciplined slut like her needs to improve her attendance, after all, he promises to keep banging her dripping wet pussy in his office every single day as long as she keeps assisting to her classes. Naked schoolgirl straddles herself on top of the principal’s hard cock and pushes her body up and down his shaft, eager for the principal to blow his load all over her slutty face and tits and make her the principal’s pet.   Easy mister! I’m tight and tiny! The smallest, youngest and sexiest teen girls getting their small pussies stretched out by huge cocks. ExxxtraSmall is filled with tiny, petite and small, barely legal girls which love big cocks. Feast your eyes and hard cock on exclusive scenes featuring these young naked girls taking on their biggest challenge yet sucking and fucking these huge monster dongs, getting their tight pussies stretched out by huge erections, pounded hard and filled with cum! These tiny chicks will never be the same after getting smashed by these huge dicks!