While their girlfriend takes a nap with a towel over her head outside by the pool, this sexy blonde and the beautiful brunette are having some kinky lesbian fun together, masturbating mutually in their matching yellow bikinis. The girls love kissing and touching each other, and having their best friend so close to them actually makes them even hotter! The blonde checks on her and makes sure she is deeply asleep, and urges her brunette lover to go inside so the young lesbians can have all the nasty lesbian sex they want. Once inside the blonde gets down on her hands and knees on the couch as her friend pool the G string of her bikini aside, salivating all over the crack of her ass and watching her warm drool trickling down her friend’s tender asshole and dripping wet pink slit. She licks her pussy and asshole and straddles herself on top of her blonde friend as she takes off all her clothes and finger fucks her dripping wet pussy while they are making out, moaning and grunting like dirty lesbian sluts in heat. She rubs her pussy lips and licks her nipples while she moans doing the same to her. The brunette sits back and spreads her legs wide open so her blonde lover can finger her cunt while licking her clit. Two beautiful naked girls doing a super sexy tribbing/scissoring, a breathtaking sight! These girls rub their wet pussies together, sharing their pussy juices, bumping their clits against each other, weaving their labia. Then the blonde gets down on all fours as the brunette shoves a big pink double ended dildo up her pussy, sucking hard on the other end. The girls don’t notice when their third friend walks in, right when they are co-joined at the pussy by the big pink double ended dildo, bumping their juicy bubble butts as they fuck it. The girl has never seen girls having sex, especially with a double ended huge dildo! Totally turned on, she sneaks in and films her girlfriends with her smart phone! The girls almost scream with pleasure, they begin to shake in a wild simultaneous orgasm. Download the full video and watch all three naked girls doing it together in a lesbian threesome. 