When this guy walks into his apartment and finds his sexy brunette long legged girlfriend checking her laptop on the couch in a sexy top and a skimpy thong he gets all kinds of dirty ideas of things he wants to do to her. She’s working on a paper that is due tomorrow but his fingers exploring her dripping wet pussy while she works on it make it pretty hard for her to concentrate and it wouldn’t be a bad idea to fuck with her boyfriend and release some of that pent up stress from college. This cute girl unzips his pants and starts sucking his big hard cock, slurping it like it’s her favorite flavor of ice cream. This video is for those who love amateur homemade videos. A real sex video with a real girlfriend is so different from other porn with pro pornstars, and I like it. She takes off her thong and pulls her top over her nice tits, spreading her legs so her boyfriend can pop his big sausage deep inside her bald pussy and fuck her as hard as he wants. He puts the head of his huge dick between her pussy lips and caresses her, rubbing it at the entrance to her vagina and then pushes it deep into her. You can see how her vagina stretches tight around his shaft as it slides in and out, deeper with each thrust. She feells so good when his cock is inside of her body, so big, hot and hard, filling up her deepest space, and she begins moving her hips, rhythmically pushing her clit up against his groin. His girlfriend loves the way he gropes her tits while pumping her with his meaty member and she straddles herself on top so she can ride him in reverse cowgirl, her juicy bubble shaped ass facing his way as she pushes it up and down his big hard pole. He loves the way she moves that hot ass on top of his cock, grinding, shaking and twerking it, taking his throbbing member as deep as it goes. He puts her down on her hands and knees, sliding his cock between her dripping wet pussy lips, admiring the beauty of her little asshole and the way it contracts as he drills her from behind, doggie style. He pops his sausage out of her cunt and rubs it up and down the crack of her ass before popping it back inside her, jack hammering her wet snatch. Her vagina is like a hot, wet mouth, sucking the head of his dick further into her. Her pussy farts loud as he pounds her from behind. Cute naked girl flips over and leans over him, spreading her legs and rubbing her pussy up and down his hot dick, spreading her tender pink pussy lips with his member and stimulating her clit with his tip. Awesome! She squats over his cock and lets it sink inside her once again, pushing her pelvis against his own and taking him inside her over and over until her boyfriend is ready to blow his load all over her beautiful face and her sexy tits as she licks the hot cum from his member. 