When he blindfolds her while naked in bed this guy’s sexy girlfriend thinks he forgot to get her a thoughtful gift for her birthday but he actually gave this very special gift for her a lot of thought. She knows that his girlfriend has always fantasized about getting fucked by another guy, by some stranger, so he’s going to let his best friend fuck his girlfriend for her birthday! Now isn’t that thoughtful! He’s even going to film it because he knows that this is a moment she will cherish and will want to keep a memento of it. She kind of likes being blindfolded and while sucking and stroking what she thinks is her boyfriend’s hard cock she notices that it seems to be even bigger, harder and thicker than usual. Totally turned on, naked and still blindfolded she lies on her back and spreads her legs so her boyfriend can fuck her dripping wet pussy but what she doesn’t know is that the one doing all the hot fucking that is making her so turned on is actually his best friend. Her boyfriend asks her to do him a favor and to slowly remove her blindfold and that’s when she realized that she’s being banging not with her boyfriend, but with some guy! Not quite the birthday gift she was expecting! At the same time, her pussy is still dripping wet for that hard cock and the fact that her boyfriend would be so self less as to let her fuck somebody else just to make her birthday wish cum true really turns her on. The friend pops his big hard cock back inside her wet snatch and keeps pumping her and now that she knows it’s not her boyfriend and that he’s watching her get fucked by his best friend, it’s even more exciting. The sexy babe makes him lie flat on his back and straddles herself on top of his hard cock, impaling her dripping wet pussy on it and riding him while her boyfriend films her. Her boyfriend knows what she likes so he coaches his best friend so he can  give his girl the fuck of her life. I love the way this naked babe moves that hot ass, grinding, shaking and twerking it His balls are slapping against her ass crack as his cock goes into her as deep as it’s possible. This babe shows all her cock riding skills on camera. She just can’t wait for her boyfriend’s friend to blow his load all over her face and tits and to watch the video later with her beloved boyfriend. 