Squirting orgasm fans make sure you don’t miss this video! I love cheerleaders to, but I love towing cars even more! So when these naughty cheerleader teens parked their car illegally I had no other option then to tow it. As I pulled into the car pound, the cheerleaders hurried behind me, begging me to give them their car back, but it wasn’t going to be so easy and he would take the more than just a cute cheer to get it back. I told them that it would cost 200 bucks to get the car back and one of them, a spunky brunette doll, decided to take matters into her own hands… and mouth! The dirty little thing got down on her knees and began sucking and stroking my big hard cock. She even lifted it so that she could suck and polish my balls with her slippery tongue, what a dirty bitch! I love a girl that knows how to take the initiative and on top of that she was a pretty good cock sucker and definitely seemed to be enjoying her job. I may have even let her go with just a blowjob, but then she told me that she wanted me to fuck her hard! I made her bend over my tow truck, pulled down her sexy thong and popped my rock hard cock between her butt cheeks, penetrating and pounding her dripping wet tight snatch. She had a sexy little bubble shaped ass and her pussy was one of the tightest I had ever fucked. I sat down inside the truck so the nasty slut could continue sucking and stroking my big dick before sitting on my lap and riding me. I didn’t even have to fuck her, she pushed her ass against my cock herself, burying it deep inside her dripping wet clam. She grinding her crotch against my lap, making her tight cheerleader body bounce up and down my meaty pole. I grabbed her ass cheeks and pumped her as hard, as fast and as deep as they could. Suddenly the little slut started to squirt like Yellowstone’s geyser. Her friends showed up and couldn’t believe what they were seeing. She wanted more so I pounded her harder and her pussy squirted more and more. I had never seen a girl squirted like this one! I could tell that this nasty little cheerleader was really enjoying the ride on my throbbing erection and though she knew that at this point I could give her back their car she just kept riding me until I was ready to blow my load all over her face and tits. 