This dad is teaching his daughter how to drive and the first thing she does is rear end another car! Luckily nobody gets hurt. Life is full of coincidences because the other car is driven by another man and his daughter and both men instantly bond, specially over the fact that their daughters are so fucking hot. When the dads come up with the idea that they can actually swap their daughters and fuck them, they don’t waste any time putting it into motion. After all the daughter that was driving and got into the accident in the first place has to learn about responsibility and she is glad to make up for the dent in this dad’s car by sucking his big hard cock. Of course his daughter doesn’t approve, she’s a little spoiled bitch, but thankfully the other dad is ready to give her the type of discipline her biological dad just can’t, putting her down on her knees and making that dirty little slut eat his hard cock! This spoiled slut soon gets into it while the other daughter is deep throating her father’s big hard cock and for some weird reason watching it gets her very turned on! Straight away her father starts fucking her girl hard, and she begins moaning loudly. Her father’s big cock looks great sliding in and out of her juicy pussy and she’s really envious of her. She pulls down her panties too and straddles herself on top of the girl’s father’s hard cock and rides it while watching her dad bang the other father’s daughter doggie style from behind while she’s down on her hands and knees. Riding him she even rubs her anus and his balls with her hand, so hot. Her labia is wrapped tightly around his cock and she increases her speed of pumping his cock and squeezes his balls gently. She rubs her clit hard and fingers her arse as he pumps in and out and it isn’t long before she cums. The dads fuck their slutty daughters next to each other and the girls scream from pleasure, getting their twats pounded hard. These teens are going to show their fathers all what they have learned from porn, how to ride a big dick, how to twerk, how to deepthroat, and how to make a man squirt cum like a geyser in their faces. Pretty soon the horny dads are blowing their loads all over their swapped daughters’ slutty faces and naked bodies! Watch these two young naked girls swaping father’s cum. Who would have thought that a simple fender bender would lead into such a hot father and daughter foursome!    