I had heard so much about the sluttiest sorority in town and it made my cock so hard that I just couldn’t resist sneaking into their sorority house and spying on the slutty girls through the window. What I saw was amazing, they had one of the pledges, a sexy blonde teen, bent over the couch, with her skirt hiked up and her cotton panties dangling around her knees as she got her juicy little bubble butt spanked by her two naughty sisters, who took selfies with her naked ass, all part of the sisterhood initiation process. Wow, that ass looked amazing, the girl had a perfect ass, I almost came just looking at them. The naughty girls slapped the blonde’s tight ass and you could tell how much she was enjoying this by the way she shook, grinded and twerked that beautiful butt for her sisters. I was there with my pants around my ankles and at some point one of the girls looked out the window and saw me spying on them! She ran out and caught me, grabbed my hard-on, dragging me back inside the house. I was so fucked! I was sure they were going to call the cops, but to my surprise, the girls had something else on their minds, something very hot and sexy! I was half naked in front of them and the girls couldn’t take their eyes off me. Since I had a raging erection from watching them, the sisters made the blonde pledge get down on her knees, sucking and stroking my throbbing member. While she blew my cock she looked at the sisters, making sure they were satisfied with the way she was sucking my cock, well I sure was! She even licked and sucked my hairy balls! The girls watched and giggled, she was doing it, she was sucking a man’s cock for the first time! I felt up her big tits and the girls challenged her to get her pussy stuffed by me. I was shocked but kind of happy! The hot teen babe bent her over the table, urging me to ram my big hard cock deep inside her dripping wet pussy and fuck her very hard while the sisters watched. The sexy blonde slut straddled her leg over the desk and looked over her shoulder at me. She looked so fucking hot! She pulled me against her burning hot body as I slammed her tight pussy with my big cock, forcing it deep inside her as one of the sisters caressed her body and groped her big tits, biting her lip, imagining how my cock would feel inside her. Her pussy was so hot and tignt, I went in and out in and out over and over again. She sucked my cock some more, then sat over me and put the head of my cock to her pussy and sank down on it, twerking her juicy bubble butt! Then one of the sisters told me to put my hot cock into her vagina. I said yes. She laid down and I straddled her and started to fuck her. Finally all the girls were naked. The girls moved my dick around on their vaginas, riding me in turn. Getting busted wasn’t so bad at all, I got the chance to bang these smoking hot college girls and blow my load all over their face and tits! 