My girlfriend is always busting my balls that we don’t go out with other couples or do things outdoors so I decided to knock two birds with the same stone and plant a camping trip with my best friend and his busty girlfriend. It turned out so much better than I planned! She was good looking with a juicy ass and tits that you couldn’t ignore. Once we had the camping tents set up it was time to go fetch firewood and since my friend’s girlfriend was resting in one of the tents, I decided to stay and let him and my girlfriend go fetch the fire wood. Once I made sure they were far away I sneaked into my friend’s tent to spy on her sexy ass. She was lying there in her skimpy outfit checking her iPhone. I wanted to see her fully naked, squeeze her big tits and her big ass, hear the sucking sound as she gulps down my warm cum, make her scream, I want her to ride my hard cock, I want to fuck her in every hole in her body… I was so busy jerking off that I didn’t notice she turned over and busted me with my hands on my dick! I was about to come, but I didn’t care I was going to finish, she kept staring at my cock, which was throbbing hard, and just when I was ready to cum she grabbed my cock and dragged me into the tent! Since everybody was away she decided we could have some fun while they were out fetching firewood. She asked if she could play with my dick a little. Yay! She started sucking on my hard cock, slobbering it with her drool and rubbing her big tits and wet snatch over her clothes. She pulled her big tits over her top as she gave me head, telling me how much bigger and harder my cock was compared to her boyfriend’s. I must admit I felt flattered… and a little bad for my friend, lol! She rubbed my cock between her massive bangers and I fucked her mouth like it was the filthiest whole I ever fucked. I mean, this nasty slut was letting me do to her stuff my girlfriend would never ever let me do to her! Her mouth was so sweet and little that I almost blew my load right there. Her huge tits and my balls were swaying to the beat as she worked her head up and down. We got into a 69 on the tent floor, with her on top eating my cock and me on the bottom eating her out. She was really into it, moaning and groaning as I rubbed my hard dick against her face. She had a real sweet tasting pussy, I can still taste it now as I write this. She was so wet that I would hear the glistening sound when she straddled herself on top of my cock and rode it with her big tits bouncing up and down. She rode me in cowgirl and flipped over for reverse, bouncing her juicy bubble butt over my hard cock and I was fucking her doggie style with her down on all fours when my friend and girlfriend came back! She made some lame excuse to send them off so I could finish banging her! My goal, was to cum on her cute face and her delicious breasts.   This is like nothing you’ve seen before! At Reality Kings nothing turns these hot teens on more than creeping behind their parents, boyfriends, and almost caught while sucking and stroking these huge cocks and getting their young pussies pounded hard. These teens of today love huge cocks and they know how to cope with them. That’s right, this is the porn site for naughty big cock loving teen sluts that wanna choke and gag on massive boners, get their pussies destroyed and filled with cum. When teens wanna become a famous pornstar, they fuck on camera and post it to this website. These hot teens are made for porn, but first they have to prove it and this is the place where they all get started!