A lot of people think that having sex with a step sister is a bad thing, but when your sister is as smoking hot as my step sister, those people might just change their minds. Cute face, perfect ass, amazing boobs, she is gorgeous! My stepsister was going on a date with her boyfriend and she looked so sexy in her pink lingerie getting herself ready, that I decided to sneak to the bathroom. She told me to stop at first, but by the way she was smiling it was obvious that she felt flattered, and maybe even a little bit turned on. She undid her bra and let me take a look at her fabulous big tits, they are so fucking hot! I noticed that her nipples were fully erect, she was definitely getting turned on exposing herself in front of me. I reached over and started fondling them, her breathing got heavier, she got goose bumps on her skin and couldn’t avoid smiling, she was flushed! I slid my hand down into her panties caressing her pussy. She walked to my room, totally naked and laid down on my bed, exposing her delicious bubble shaped ass, sexy ass crack, her little asshole and dripping wet tender pink pussy burger, she knew I wanted to bite! I rubbed her dripping wet slit with my fingers and she got down on her knees and instantly started deep throating me all the way down to the base! Sucking my balls and stroking my cock with her eyes fixated on mine. She got down on all fours by the edge of my bed, offering me her delicious bubble shaped ass. Mesmerized by the sight of my sister’s naked ass stuck up in the air, my cock was thrashing around. I couldn’t believe this was happening. She spread her ass cheeks and I rammed my hard cock deep inside her dripping wet pussy and started to pound her hard, I could hardly believe I was actually fucking my very own step sister! I fucked her doggie style and the hot babe pushed her juicy bubble butt back against my cock, urging me for more. We moved from the couch to the bed, I lied flat on my back, my hot step sister grabbed my rock hard cock and straddled herself atop. She started to ride me, fat tits bouncing up and down, ass slapping against my cock. I rubbed and fondled her delicious tits. I lay her down and fuck her so hard that her eyes rolled back as the orgasm overtook her. My ball sack was smacking her ass and my stepsister began to scream and dug her nails into my back as I felt her pussy tighten around my dick. I knew I was going to explode and she just let it happen. I couldn’t stop cumming in her tight pussy.blurp! blurp! blurp! And her vagina suddenly felt warm and wet and full. I absolutely emptied my sperm into her body before her date. The volume of seman was so great that it leaked out around my cock and down between the crack of her ass. Then she said it felt so good to carry my seed inside on the date with her boyfriend, it came out of her pussy and her boyfriend came inside her too! She loved the idea of two guys filling her pussy with cum in one day. She said it made her feel really naughty and the next time she wanted me to cum in her ass too.   The naughty stepsisters at SisLovesMe can pretend all they want, but it’s no secret they crave to suck their stepbrother’s big hard cocks, get their dripping wet pussies and airtight assholes pounded hard by them and swallow their delicious cum in hard-core and hard-hitting stepsibling porn action! Sibling rivalry is a major issue when you are living with your stepsister, but that’s nothing that can’t be sold with a good hard-core fuck! Watch these hot girls spied on, caught masturbating, seduced and fucked by their stepbrother.