This tiny naked gymnast is putting on a hot show for her date, performing a very special erotic gymnastic routine for him. She’s wearing a skimpy bikini and performs her sensual and flexible moves while pouring baby oil and rubbing it all over her petite body. As she contorts her slick and slippery body he gives her a helping hand, pouring more oil over her and helping her off her oil drenched bikini. The oil drips down her hot body as he caresses her and rubs her dripping wet snatch, spreading her pink pussy lips with his fingers and applying more baby oil to her vagina while naked girl is standing in acrobatic bridge. She loves the way the oil feels oozing down the crack of her ass and all over her pussy and asshole while she masturbates herself. With her legs split side to side she soaks and strokes his big hard cock and tasting that delicious blend of her saliva and his hot cum mixed with the oil, the most sensual and erotic cocktail. This small naked girl does the bridge while deep throating his cock and getting her muff eaten out by her boyfriend. She gets on her back and performs a split as he rams his throbbing member deep inside her tight cunt, fucking her hard in missionary position. This tiny naked girl looks unbelievably happy. She begins to rub his dick and his balls, looking up at him and smiling teasingly as she does. She is stretchy and flexible enough so that her feet are now behind her ears and touching the mattress. As he fucks her young tight pussy she continues rubbing the slick oil all over her belly and tits and rubs her muff, pushing her legs right back and fucking her in the most flexible position he can imagine. He flips her over and fucks her from behind while she lies on her belly, enjoying that big hard cock pounding her wet pussy and filling her up so good. Naked girl squats on his dick and impales her cunt on it, making her body bounce up and down his meaty pole with her legs split side to side and front to back. They try all acrobatic trics until he blows his load all over her slutty face and oiled up body. 