When his girlfriend gets an emergency call from work, this guy is left alone with her younger sister, a spunky brunette with beautiful bright eyes and fantastic tits. They are always flirting heavily when his girlfriend, her older sister, is not watching, but it’s the first time they are actually left alone and they can act on their intense sexual attraction! She pulls her top down and shows him her tits while playing with her puffy nipples. She spreads her legs just a little bit at first and then pulling her red thong to the side she lets him rub her dripping wet slit and play with her wet slit. Love the pale look and her innocent face. Beautiful, natural girl with a lovely face and great unadulterated body. This teen girl has one of the prettiest pussies I’ve ever seen! I would like to fuck the fucking fuck out of her. She gets down on her knees, pulling his pants down, an ecstatic look on her face when she sees his big throbbing member, telling him that she wants him to fuck her face with it. She opens up wide as he fucks her mouth and throat with his engorged erection and thick ropes of drool drip from the sides of her lips. Love the way she keeps her eyes open when giving a blow job. The teen slut swallows his big cock right up to the base so she can play with his balls with her tongue. Her lovely mouth is warm and moist and his cock feels like it is in heaven. When she feels that his throbbing cock is going to explode she lies down on the couch and spreads her legs so her sister’s boyfriend can plow her dripping wet cunt with that big beautiful cock that she’s been longing for so long to feel it inside her. He fucks the girl so hard and so long that I’m beginning to think that she is going to jump up and run out! But much to my surprise she loves every second of his big cock in her tight pussy. He fucks her mouth some more while she rubs her cunt, then straddles herself on top and sits on his dick, pushing her body up and down his boner. Tiny naked girl squeals as he spanks her ass and she rubs her clit while getting fucked hardcore and she flips over, pressing her tits against his face as she rides him on the couch. She slaps her own ass while he slaps her tits and she can’t wait for her sister’s boyfriend to blow his load all over her slutty face and her mouth! She can’t wait to get the biggest cumshot in her life. 