What if your stepmom is a hot woman with a juicy ass and a pair of amazing tits?! My blonde stepmom was doing the laundry in her sexy tight pink dress, highlighting her delicious curves, her juicy bubble shaped ass and her fabulous big tits. I got close to her, groping her perfect ass. My dad is a busy businessman and I couldn’t tell that his love-making with this new wife was very satisfying. But my penis reacts immediately at the sight of my sexy stepmom. That piece of manhood was now resting against her ass, while I groped her amazing ass! When I thought she was going to teel on my father, she got down on her knees, pulling my pants down and deep throating my throbbing member! It felt fantastic! She worked her head up and down on my cock like a pornstar! She loved slurping and sucking my big hard sausage, spreading her drool all over my shaft and letting it drip so she could catch it with her wet tongue as she licked my balls!!! She sucked on my balls while stroking my hard cock, moaning with satisfaction and caressing her big tits over her bra. She took off her bra and let her beautiful big tits hang loose. All her clothes were on the floor and she was fully nude. As the naked blonde kept sucking my cock, she produced thick ropes of warm drool that dripped all over her bangers as she made me lie flat on the laundry room floor, squatting over my face so I could eat out her shaved cunt. My naked step mom sat over me, began to rub my balls, holding my erection she said Put your dick inside me! She slowly lowered her onto my cock, she was very wet and hot. She began to move up and down, slowlly squeezing my cock with her vagina, pushing her sensual body onto my cock, grinding and making her big basketball tits bounce while telling me how she loved my dick inside. She flipped over so her big tits were facing my way as she kept riding my cock. She started bucking her hips, she wanted it deeper and deeper ”oh YES, yes OH FUCK YES!!” she screamed, bucking with an incredebly intense orgasm! The hot naked woman fucked me as hard as she could, riding up and down! After banging her over the washing machine, I blow my load, splattering her slutty face and her big tits with my hot cum as she licked my cock clean! After that initial sexual encounter, it was hard to stop. It had been so enjoyable. And it hasn’t stopped to this day. Every time my dad is away on a business trip we take advantage of our time alone and fuck all over the house like rabbits in heat. 