Guys, I have a confession to make… I have a little secret and keeping from my girlfriend and it’s that I’m banging her sexy little sister! Ever since she turned 18 she’s been sucking and fucking my cock every time my girlfriend is not around and I just love it! She knows she turns me on, with her long curly dark hair, her slutty face and her tight teen body and pussy! Taking advantage that my girlfriend is out shopping, her little sister takes me by the hand to the swimming pool, where she strips naked and skinny dips. This young girl looks incredible and I like her perky titties with erect nipples! She knows what I’m looking at so she asks “do you like them?”. The girl steps out of the pool drenching wet and totally nude, walking provocatively towards the house. We don’t quite get there, as I pull her naked body against me on the patio and start fondling her juicy tits and rubbing her dripping wet snatch as she presses her tight bubble butt against my throbbing erection. We are making out and she is rubbing my dick, the little teen slut can’t wait until she can get it in her mouth. She gets down on her knees and pulls my swimming trunks down, popping my hard cock in her wet mouth and giving me head. I’m a bit worried that her sister might return and catch us in the act, but at the same time the probability of getting caught makes this even more exciting! This young girl sucks cock so much better than her sister! Her pussy is also much tighter, that’s why I enjoy banging her behind my girlfriend’s back so much! I put her against the wall and started pounding her from behind and in that moment I hear noises at the door, my girlfriend is back! I do my best to pretend nothing’s going on while trying to conceal both my erection and her naked sister hiding behind the door. I managed to make her go away and get back to her little sister, laying flat on the floor as she deepthroats my cock. She then slides her tongue down my shaft to my balls and starts to gently suck on them! The tiny naked girl straddles herself on top, takes my dick and holding it with her hand slowly lowers herself onto it. She is very tight, moves slowly at first, gradually getting faster and faster, moving her hips back and forth on my cock , making it very hard not to cum. She goes up to the very tip of the head and then slams herself onto my hard cock! I continue to suck her succulent breasts, that bouncing up and down against my face. She is so good. She keeps going up and down, grinding and grinding. She squats on top of my cock and pushes her body up and down, then my girlfriends’ little sister gets down on her hands and knees so I can fuck her tight cunt doggie style from behind. She pushes her ass onto me, fucking my dick with her teen pussy herself, harder and harder. I flip her over to missionary position and keep fucking her until I’m ready blow my load all over her face. I can hold back no longer, I pull out and begin shooting my cum into her open mouth. At this very moment my girlfriend returns!!! She’s crying which makes me cum even harder.   With hot teens in every single video MOFOS is the King of amateur teen porn on the web! This network of amateur smut is loaded with thousands of real girls, user submitted videos, exclusive footage. They specialize in teens of all kinds! They have shy, outgoing, amateur, experienced, adorable, sexy and nerdy teens ready for you. The site is filled with beautiful slutty amateurs stripping naked in front of the camera, sucking big hard cocks, getting their dripping wet pussies and airtight assholes pounded hard and receiving creamy cumshots and fabulous facials! Come inside and watch more the craziest sneaking and getting caught sex scenes, enjoy their variety of high quality real amateur XXX content!