Horny fathers swap their hot teen cheerleading daughters and fuck their pussies together! Don’t miss this video if you are a fan of cheerleaders in porn. This sexy brunette in the blue outfit thinks her friend’s dad is hot and her friend, the sexy blonde in the pink outfit, thinks the same of her dad and the girls come up with a very hot and kinky idea! The cheerleaders take off their panties and perform their cheerleading routine in front of their parents. When these single, divorced dads get a glimpse of their daughters’ tight, shaved, pink twats they get raging erections. The girls want their fathers to swap daughters! The brunette fingers her dripping wet pussy and makes her friend’s dad taste the nectar of her blooming flower, her friend teases the other man giving him a really nice upskirt view of her naked pussy. The girls take their daddies back home so they can make their swapping fantasies cum true! The blonde takes her friend’s dad to her bedroom while she stays with her dad in the living room. The sexy cheerleader sits on his lap and takes off her outfit while her blonde friend is spreading her legs upstairs and getting her dripping wet pussy fucked hard by her dad’s big juicy cock. The brunette straddles herself atop her friend’s dad’s huge cock and takes it in her hand and slides it between her moist lips, inside her as she lowers herself on him. The old fart spreads her beautiful ass cheeks with both hands, making her tight teen body bounce up and down his erection. She had no idea a guy his age could have such a hard cock! After riding him in cowgirl, she flips over and pops his cock back inside her, her juicy bubble butt facing his way as she continues riding his hard cock. She rubs her pussy while she does so and hopes her friend is having as much fun as she is. The hot blonde upstairs is also getting her dripping wet snatch drilled in cowgirl position while her friend downstairs gets her’s legs spread wide open and her clam pounded hard in missionary position. He pushes her legs against her chest, pumping her deeper, faster and harder and making her cum over and over like a dirty bitch in heat. He had no idea his daughter’s friend was such a slut. Matter of fact, he had no idea his daughter was such a slut, but it all worked out pretty well so he’s not complaining about it, LOL! These girls scream together, getting their pussies pounded and destroyed by two old men. Pretty soon both sexy cheerleading daughters are getting their slutty faces, cum hungry mouths and naked bodies blasted with hot cum from their swapped fathers! This father and daughter exchange is definitely a success story!   These proud fathers know that their daughters are beautiful, hot, sexy and slutty! They also know that they can fuck them, but nobody said anything about swapping their slutty teen daughters with their friends and that’s what Daughter Swap is all about! These naughty teen sluts are into their best friend’s dad’s big hard cocks and they want to know what it feels like to suck them, get fucked very hard up their pussies and assholes by them, and open up wide to receive creamy facials and sticky cumshots in hard-core action! Watch all these teens get swapped, fucked, destroyed in amazing foursome with dads.