This is one of the best lesbian pornos that I have ever seen, and that’s saying something. This sexy blonde woman decides to bond with her beautiful teen stepdaughter during the 4th of July by putting on their matching star-spangled bikini and doing the exploding watermelon challenge together. After the watermelon bursts the girls find themselves covered in pieces of watermelon and watermelon juices dripping down their sexy bodies, so they decide to strip naked and lick and eat it off their hot naked skin! The beautiful blonde cougar grabs chunks of watermelon and squeezes them so they drip down her pussy and on to her stepdaughter’s open mouth, it’s so fucking hot! She had no idea her stepdaughter was such a good pussy licker and she offers her big tits to her so she can suck and lick her erect nipples. Two naked girls go upstairs to her bedroom, her stepdaughter lies on her back and the beautiful woman crawls over her, pressing her big tits against hers while kissing her passionately on the lips. She can taste the watermelon and her own pussy on her lips and tongue. She spreads her stepdaughter’s legs with both hands and licks around her vagina opening, teasing but pleasing. She dives right between her ass cheeks with her tongue, deep into her open vagina. She licks her clit gently biting and blowing on it. She licks her dripping wet clam up and down with her silky tongue while rubbing and finger fucking her. The hot woman literally fucks teen’s sweet tasting pussy with her tongue, bringing her to multiple orgasms. Only a girl knows how another girl likes it and where she likes it, especially such an experienced woman! Her boyfriend has never brought her to an orgasm with his small prick. She has never been with a girl and she has never cheated on her boyfriend, but, when your sexy stepmom fucks you with her mouth, it is not cheating! The hot naked woman wants to trip her stepdaughter, so the naked girls start scissoring together, she rubs her pussy against hers slowly and gently, then fast as if she were fucking her. With their pussy juices flowing they become one until they both moan into their climax. This blonde is glad that her husband is away on a business trip so the girls have the house to themselves and they can have all the hot and kinky lesbian sex they want! She keeps rubbing twat with her stepdaughter, interrupted only when she goes down on her again, licking and tasting her delicious sweet pussy juices as if they were the finest of wines and finishes off by sitting on her face as she orgasms! It’s finally her step daughter turn! She takes both pussy lips into her mouth, stucks her tongue all in her juicy pussy. UMMMM it tastes so good! These naked women riding each other’s face look amazing!  