These two teen sluts snuck into their neighbor’s home so they could swim in his pool but they didn’t expect see him at his home, since he’s usually at work at this time. When two sneaky girls see him working out they are amazed and turned on by his hot, muscular, mature physique. He turns around and sees the girls and goes after them. The blonde manages to get away, but the brunette is not so lucky, or if she? She’s actually glad that she got caught, because now she’s getting her pussy rubbed over her drenched cotton panties by her mature neighbor while she rubs her tight bubble butt against his crotch and feels the massive bulge of his throbbing erection digging between her ass cheeks and into the crack of her ass, so hot! He slides one hand down her stomache and into her panties, slides it through her pubic hair and onto her already wet pussy. She gets down on her knees and pulls down on his shorts and his massive cock springs to life. She’s amazed with how big and hard it is, she has never seen anything so big up close before! The teens lut grabs it and tells him she wants it! She helps herself to some spectacular face fucking. She sucks his huge cock all the way down to his balls, thick ropes of drool dripping from the sides of her lips and all over his shaft and balls. While she gives him a sloppy blowjob her blonde friend returns and watches as her friend gets put down on all fours and pounded hard doggie style from behind, with the mature neighbor pulling her long hair back like the reins on a horse. This drives her crazy. She slides her hand in her panties and begins to masturbate, watching the neighbor pounds her best friend with his big dick. When he’s not fucking her, the dirty little slut pushes her juicy butt against his cock, urging for more. He grabs her hips and really starts to fuck her with massive, powerful strokes. His hot fat throbbing cock feels so good inside her pussy that she squeezes her teeth hard and shuts her mouth with both hands so as not to yell. He straddles naked girl on top of his lap and impales her cunt on his thick rod, pounding her hard and making her body bounce up and down his pole. He sucks on her puffy nipples and plays with her tits while she rides his erection and she just can’t get enough of her mature neighbor’s rock hard cock. She flips over with his dick still inside her pussy, squatting on his member while rubbing her wet muff. He tells her to call his friend and invite her to join! The friend comes in, pulls down her panties and says “now it’s my turn”! Now that they got caught, the next time her friend and her sneak into the neighbor’s house they’ll skip the pool and head straight to his bedroom so he can fuck them both with his big hard cock!   All these young teen girls think about is guys, cocks and guys with huge cocks! At RealityKings nothing turns these hot young teens on more than creeping behind their parents, boyfriends, and almost caught while sucking and stroking these huge cocks and getting their young pussies pounded hard. Your erection will gush with cum watching these hot teens being fucked in all these craziest sneaking and getting caught scenes. Teen porn has a name and it’s Reality Kings! Nobody can suck your cock, lick your balls and ride your cock so hard to make you blow your load like these 18 year old teen sluts! 