Don’t miss this video if you like skinny naked girls, their small titties and tight pussies. This hot blonde young girl is still a virgin but she’s ready to lose her virginity with the guy whom she met on a resort a few days ago and fell in love with him. It’s his last day there and she decides to let him pop her cherry. She knows he’s the right guy and her tight pussy is yearning for his big hard cock so they move to the shore and find a nice quiet spot where she can give away her virginity. They are all alone swimming in crystal water and she is taking of her swimsuit , rubbing her bald pussy and her small tits as they swim. She asks if he wants to touch her under water. Then she asks him if he wants to have sex with her! She looks great. She has a continuous golden tan over her firm slender body. It’s hard to hide your hardon with a towel when such a sexy young girl is close. After skinny dipping, splashing and diving in the waves, in a secluded corner of the beach where no one can see them she spreads her long legs and lets him lick her young virgin pussy, nibbling on the inside of her thighs and sending shivers up and down her spine, making her pussy tingle like it has never tingled before. Her pussy looks gorgeous, I bet it taste as good as it looks. After eating her out she makes him lie flat on his back so she can suck and stroke his big hard cock. She can’t believe it’s finally happening, and she’s getting to eat cock and pretty soon he will be getting her cherry popped. The anticipation fills her as the tiny girl straddled herself on top of his cock, squatting over it as he gently introduces his member inside her. She’s so fucking tight at first, as she feels his throbbing cock sinking inside her inch by inch. Yes, it hurts a bit, but it also feels so fucking hot and she feels an intense shot of pain as his dick officially pops her cherry and she is no longer a virgin! Yay! After fucking her on the beach he blows his load all over her beautiful face and her open mouth. Now that she’s no longer a virgin, she wants more dick! 