This guy has a beautiful brunette girlfriend with a smoking hot body and he wants to make a sex tape with her. She’s okay with it, as long as they do it by her rules, and that means that this sex tape will be for their eyes only. His sexy girlfriend put on her see-through lingerie for him and his camera and she turns and twirls as he films her. This girl has the most beautiful body you have ever seen! She has the face of an angel and the flawless body, juicy tits, perfect ass, long legs, slender yet curvy figure, love her long black hair. She’s definitely one of the sexiest girls in the world. Don’t break your penis while watching this, lol! She sits down on the living room couch, spreading her sexy long legs and pulling her panties to the side so she can rub her dripping wet pussy while getting filmed. This homemade sex tape thing is making her hornier then she thought it would! The idea of being on camera totally naked and doing all sorts of dirty things to her boyfriend turns her on! She bites on her lips as he fingers her wet pussy and crawled on her fours, ready to suck and stroke her boyfriend’s big hard cock. She passes her wet tongue all over the tip of his big dick and drools all over it, spreading it with her tongue all over his shaft and balls. Her hips starts moving with her mouth. His girlfriend needs his cock in her slit so bad! She has such a sexy look in her eye, she can’t wait for him to ram his cock in her juices. He lies flat on his back as she straddles herself on top, letting his big throbbing member slide deep inside her dripping wet cunt, grinding her body on top of his, riding him. Sexy girl arches her body back as she makes it bounce up and down his rock hard erection. She pulls her bra down, exposing her firm tits and her fully erect nipples, showing how turned on she is by the whole experience. She never imagined that being an amateur porn star felt so fucking hot and sexy! She says that she wants him to fuck her doggystyle, so she gets on all fours and stucks her sexy ass towards him so he can fuck her from behind, slapping her juicy bubble butt as she looks into the camera. He pumps her hard and when he stops, his girlfriend pushes her ass against his cock, begging for more and more and more. He flips her over, spreads her legs, and fucks her dripping wet pussy in missionary position until he’s ready to pull out of her cunt and blow his creamy load all over her sexy face and her beautiful tits. There is nothing better that to cover such a beautiful face with a thick layer of hot cum! She’s going to be very surprised when she sees that their first sex tape is online and turning viral! It’s completely POV video and I really like the faceless guy and his camera, he knows what I’m looking for in porn.   I Know That Girl brings you the sexiest girlfriends, real teen girlfriends getting captured on tape as they strip naked, masturbate, suck hard cock, get their dripping wet pussies pounded hard, have anal sex, fuck with sex toys, experience hot lesbian sex and receive creamy facials and cumshots! Now their homemade amateur sex videos are online and these sexy babes are exposed as the dirty cock loving sluts they are! Come inside, you just might find a girl you know! Maybe she’s somebody you work with, that sexy girl from college, the hot girl behind the bar, or maybe even one of your ex-girlfriends!