This short haired blonde and her best friend are in a camping trip, which is kind of cool, but it’s a camping trip with their dads, which is really lame and boring. Well, at least that’s what they thought! The short haired blonde is not interested in any of the outdoorsy stuff her dad is into, but her friend is, so she accompanies him to fetch some wood, fish some fish and shit like that, and she is left all alone at the camp with her friend’s hot mature dad. Pretty soon, her best friend and her dad are getting it on, just a few hundred feet from the camping site! The naughty teen is into older man and she always had a huge crush on her friend’s dad. Now she gets down on her knees so she can suck his big hard cock. She begins circling her tongue around the mushroom head. He’s really huge, it makes her soo incredibly wet. He starts moving, fucking her wet lips, holding her head with both hends. In the meantime, her friend is doing the exact same thing with her dad, wrapping her soft lips around his throbbing member and giving him an amazing blowjob. Her best friend returns with her dad to the camping site. She’s not upset to see her sucking her dad’s cock, and her dad is not upset with her friend’s dad banging his daughter, so each of them takes a tent and the dads fuck their horny daughters as hard as they can. Both naked girls are so tight, young and sexy. They can’t wait to show their fathers how good they can ride a dick. The blonde rides her friend’s dad’s dick and watches her own father fucks her friend doggy style next to them. What an amazing camping foursome orgy! The men enjoy their daughters’s young tight pussies in all possible positions, fucking them with their big dicks as hard as all these teen sluts deserve. They put their naked girls next to each other and pound their vaginas until they blow their loads all over their faces and big tits! The girls never imagined that swapping their dads and having sex with them could turn this boring camping trip into the best experience ever! Hey, their dads can’t complain either, LOL! 