This sexy girl and her best friend are going out on a road trip and all they wanna do is have fun, hot and nasty lesbian fun! As they drive, her friend and her are doing all sorts of naughty stuff, like flashing their big tits at the red lights and rubbing their dripping wet pussies along the way. The girls make a pitstop in a nice quiet place so her friend can lean over the sunroof while she pulls down her shorts and panties, giving her tight asshole and dripping wet pussy a good licking. She’s been wanting to eat her out since they left earlier in the morning and she definitely can’t wait until they reach their destination. She sinks her wet tongue deep into her dripping snatch, tasting every drop of her delicious pussy juices flowing from her slit. She spreads her ass cheeks with her hands, so her tongue can explore her tight, asshole, stretching that delicious sphincter and tongue fucking her anal cavity. Good thing they rented a 4 x 4 for this trip, so they have ample cabin space for a raunchy lesbian romp. The girls get naked and one of them spreads her legs and invites her friend to cradle her face between her crotch and eat her out. Now she’s fucking and licking her pussy with her pink tongue and once she is done with her, her friend gets behind her, spreading her legs wide open and pressing her hot body against hers while finger fucking her dripping wet clam, making her moan and grunt with pleasure. There’s nothing better then great lesbian pussy and ass licking sex! One of the girls lies on her back and the other sits on her face, spreading her pink pussy lips with two finergs so her friend’s tongue can slide right in her vagina! She softly caresses her slit, sucks on her clit, fucks her with her tongue. Her hips starts moving back and forth over her face, so sexy! These two naked girls are so horny so they start scissoring together, with their juices flowing they become one. Their legs are intertwined so their vaginas pressed against each other, and while the girls kiss, they rub their clits against each other! One of the naked girls goes outside and the other sticks her naked ass out of car window so her lesbian friend can fuck her with her mouth. There is nobody around so they can scream as loud as they like as they take turns licking and finger fucking each other’s tight holes and experiencing multiple orgasms in this wild and kinky road trip!  