Since this divorced dad knows that his ex-wife is not at her place and she left their kid with a babysitter, he decides to swing by and make sure that everything is okay. When he walks in, he is quite surprised with what he sees, this sexy blonde the babysitter with her legs spread wide open on the living room couch, masturbating herself! He’s pretty sure that his ex-wife isn’t paying her to do what he thinks she’s doing, but the slutty babysitter doesn’t actually give a flying fuck! Believe it or not, naked girl shamelessly goes back to playing with her big tits and rubbing her dripping wet snatch while the dad watches perplexed! He tells her to leave, but this bitch ain’t leaving until she gets paid! He doesn’t mind paying her, but she’s going to have to earn it! He orders the babysitter to get down on her knees and goes placing the money neatly folded between her lips as she shakes her big beautiful tits for him. He whips out his big hard cock and stuffs her mouth with it, making her suck and stroke his member. She wraps his sausage between her big tits and he fucks them, making her deep throat his erection and drool all over it. He sits on the couch and the dirty bitch babysitter straddles herself on top, impaling her dripping wet cunt on his cock, making her big tits bounce up and down as she rides him. He puts her in missionary position, spreads her legs and finger fucks her clam until he makes her squirt, gushing all over his ex-wife’s expensive living room rug. A huge cock, a hot blonde teen babe with amazing tits and squirting pussy, it’s amazing video! Pretty soon he’s cumming all over the babysitters face but his cock is still hard and the girl is still hot. The girl looks great with cum mustache on her face. She still has her hand on his cock, squeezing out the extra cum hungrily. She realizes it’s getting hard again, and she’s really happy because she wants him to fuck the hell out of her. The hot busty blonde licks the rest of cum off and all of a sudden he turns her over “I’m gonna fuck you so hard now”! This teen babe is a gem in the business who is sure to become a true treasure. Don’t miss more scenes with her. 