My mom and her friend were chatting in the kitchen when I came back from classes so I just sat down to chat while I checked my phone. My mom’s hot friend is a sexy brunette cougar with a smoking body. She was wearing a tight low cut black dress and as she sat on the stool across me I couldn’t help notice that she wasn’t wearing any panties and I could perfectly see her shaved snatch! I couldn’t keep my eyes off her naked pussy. Her pussy was so beautiful, clean shaved, tidy with very narrow slit between little pussy lips. I tried to hide my boner but she noticed the huge bulge growing under my pants. She had her legs spread wide open, shamelessly exposing herself, with a dirty grin on her face. She immediately started flirting with me but I was really confused. She grabbed me by my waist and pulled my hand under her skirt! Since my mom was behind the kitchen counter she couldn’t see what was going on as I reached over and began rubbing her hot friend’s dripping wet twat. When my mom turned her back to us for a moment, her hot friend got down on her knees, pulled my shorts down and started sucking on my throbbing member! I couldn’t believe that this was actually happening, and the fact that my mom could turn around in any moment and catch us made it even more exciting! The sneaky scenario got even hotter when my mom turned away and her friend bent over and put her face almost to the ground with her ass in the air. I rammed my hard cock deep inside her dripping wet pussy, fucking her from behind. Suddenly my mom turned around and looked at us but didn’t notice anything. Then I pulled up my shorts and hurriedly snuck off to the studio room where we both stripped fully naked and the hot woman spread her legs on the couch, showing me her big tits and rubbing her pussy while I fucked her as hard as they could. I loved her dirty talking. I licked her pussy and pins her shoulders to the rug with her lower back against the couch, pile drive power fucking that beautiful cunt and blowing my load all over her big tits! 