I am in the real estate business and when this nice couple got in touch with me to rent out a house I thought it was going to be just a normal transaction, but boy, I was wrong! He was a short, stocky man with glasses and his wife was a smoking hot blonde bombshell with big tits and a perfect bubble butt! While he was looking around the house, she was running her eyes up and down my body, with a dirty smile on her face! She wiggled her juicy butt and gave me dirty looks over her shoulder and when her husband wasn’t looking, she pulled her pants down, revealing that beautiful pink pear shaped ass that gave me an instant hard on! Trying to keep my composure, I showed them the pool area, and the hot wife pulled her top up and showed me her big bubble tits! This woman was killing me! She ran her hands up the sides of her perfect body, pressing her big tits together, teasing me silly! She pulled her pants down, exposing her shaved pussy. Her husband could turn around any moment and catch her, but I think this only turn her on even more! She left her husband taking a nap in one of the bedrooms where I groped and squeezed her big ripe tits and she got down on her knees and started sucking on my big hard cock. She was so fucking hot! The hot woman did it like a pro! Looking down at her face, her big tits and my cock in her mouth, the only thought on my mind now was fucking her brains out! The blonde babe pulled her panties down and bent over the side of the bed. She spread her ass “Are you going to fuck me?”. Looking at her sexy ass I grabbed my throbbing prick and rammed it between her dripping wet pussy lips and started banging her hard and fast from behind. When I stood still, the horny blonde MILF grinded her juicy bubble butt and pushed it back against my hard cock, begging me for more. “Oooh yes! Your cock feels so good inside of me. Now fuck me harder, harder!” It seemed that when her man took a nap, nothing could wake him up, even as I lied by his side 5 feet away from him and his hot naked wife straddle herself on top of my hard cock and impaled her dripping wet pussy on it, riding me right next to her husband, making her delicious big tits bounce up and down. She flipped over to reverse cowgirl and I watched my cock slid in and out of her perfect cunt. Her buttocks bouncing with each thrust of my prick looked amazing. I thought to myself how this was better than any porno movie I had watched! Then I fucked her in missionary position, ramming my cock into her faster and faster. My balls were slapping against her asshole, she was moaning in a low voice, so as not to wake her husband. I could hold back no longer and began to cum wildly, blowing my creamy load all over her big tits and her slutty face! She whispered “Oooh yes! Cum more, more on my face, before he wakes up!”   Can’t get enough of that hottie! One of my favourite video from MOFOS, and I’ve seen many! Fantastic POV scene. The babe looks absolutely stunning. If you still do not know it, MOFOS is the best porn website in the world, with the hottest babes and the craziest sneaky sex scenes. Nothing turns these cock hungry bitches on more than creeping behind their parents, boyfriends, and even their husbands, and almost caught while sucking and stroking their lover’s big hard cocks and getting their hot pussies and tight asshole pounded hard! Watch and check out all these super hot and sexy babes in the best amateur porn!