I usually don’t give a fuck about what my younger stepsister does, but my dad left on a business trip and he asked me to keep an eye on her, and I want to be on his good side, so when I saw her just about to go out for a jog wearing almost nothing, I knew I had to put my foot down! She was wearing the skimpiest shorts and top and didn’t seem to notice what the problem was, dirty little bitch! I told her that I could practically see her pussy since she wasn’t even wearing any panties underneath! I was a bit shocked when she let me check her these tight ass booty shorts and her pussy bulge and I felt she was quite warm between her legs. I think my step sister was getting turned on by the way I kept looking at her body, and I was actually getting a huge boner! I pulled her close to me, tugging on her shorts, exposing her shaved clam and her juicy little bubble butt! She started getting wet and let me take off her shorts and bend her over the couch! I couldn’t believe it! Her ass was absolutely amazing, two round ass cheeks and tidy pink pussy lips between them. My hand found her slit open, and wet, I slid a finger inside and rubbed her swollen clitty. I could no longer hold back my erection and stuck my cock into her very tight virgin pussy. It took a few thrusts to get in, but I did. It felt incredible! I rammed my throbbing erection deep inside her wet pussy, fucking her doggie style from behind. I couldn’t believe I was fucking my younger step sister, and I don’t think this is what my dad meant when he told me to keep an eye on her, LOL! When I stopped fucking her, the little girl pushed her juicy bubble butt back against my cock, begging for more. She straddled herself on top, smiled at me, spreading her pink pussy lips with two fingers. Her sweet lips parted as I pushed my cock inside. She rode me, then she got between my legs and sucked on my hard cock, straddling herself back on top and riding me in reverse cowgirl. After fucking her in missionary position I was ready to pull out of her dripping wet cunt and blow my creamy load all over her pussy and there was some cum dripping out of her slit. 