My next door neighbor was a sexy redhead nerd girl, she was a total geek and for year in college I was her friend. One day this nerdy girl came to my room for the books as usual, but she stayed for the cock! She was needing to go to college for another semester and her nerdy image was a big problem. She said that she wanted me to make her a real slut and pulled down her panties and spread her sexy legs, exposing her pink pussy to me. I asked her what she was doing and she asked “Do you want some of my pussy?” and guided my hand to her pussy. She was kind of confused at first when I rubbed her meaty pink pussy with my fingers, but then she said that she wanted to taste my cock! I immediately got a hard on. She got down on her knees and I pulled my pants down a bit and she saw my cock, fully erect! She began kissing my balls then stroking and sucking my rock hard cock, then gave my balls a good licking with her smooth, wet, pink tongue again. My sexy friend asked me if this was what I wanted. I did my best not to cum right in her mouth and said “YES!” I loved the way she sucked my balls, I had seen it in porn movies, but never expected for me to be that lucky. After eating my cock she got down on all fours on my couch, bending over as I rammed my erection deep inside her dripping wet snatch, pounding her hard. It was seriously UNREAL how fine this girl was. Her pussy was warm and tight around my cock and her juices flowed down, wetting my cock and my balls. I fucked her doggie style, slapping her tight little bubble butt and making her moan and grunt with pleasure. My huge dick felt so snug inside her tight cunt and I lay down on my back and she got on top of me, took my dick in her hand and led it into her warm slit. She just started bouncing up and down on my boner and riding me cowgirl style. She twerked her juicy bubble butt, bouncing up and down my lap, trying to take my big dick as deep inside her as she could. I put her flat on her back, spread her long legs, and began fucking the shit out of that tight snatch in missionary position. The college clut begged me to fuck her harder, faster and deeper, passing her soft hands all over her body and her small tits as I made her mine. After I fucked her sideways, she got back on her knees, sucking and stroking my sausage some more. She said she loved to taste her own pussy on my cock, her juices mixed up with my precum and her saliva. I made sure she licked my balls before putting her down on all fours again and fucking her from behind and in missionary. I started to go faster and faster and her vagina started to squeeze my cock. I told her I was going to cum but I continued to fuck her, unable to stop. She wrapped her legs around me “Do you want to cum inside of me?” She began to scream so loudly with an orgasm “Don’t stop! Don’t you dare fucking stop!” I felt my penis began shooting cum inside her belly. As each spurt of cum rocketed out of my cock and into her vagina she came too. I blew my creamy load deep in her and filled her up with my semen, leaving her with a sticky creampie! The slippery semen oozing out of her pussy leaked down between the crack of her ass, amazing!   Download this amazing video to watch over and over and don’t miss more like this with big fat pies at the end! ExxxtraSmall is all about young teen girls getting their tiny pussies fucked, destroyed, stretched out and creampied by huge dicks! These beautiful girls seem so tiny, small, petite and fragile, you would think that they would break or get split into as they get pounded hard by their lovers massive cocks in outrageous big dick versus tiny chick young porn videos! How the fuck this huge cock could fit into this tiny girl? It will be only one you question while watching all these small naked girls. The bigger the cock and the tinier the girl, the better the action!