Like hot naked girls deeply kissing, eating pussy and ass, riding face? Look no further. We have two teens exploring their sexuality with a girl in the first lesbian experience for you this week. This sexy brunette loves spending time with her best friend, a spunky blonde chick. She knows that her friend’s links both ways and that she is into her, but she has never had any experience with another girl. She always shrugs off her friend’s advances, but today she is particularly provocative, and she can feel her nipples getting very hard and her pussy tingling wet as she teases her, and she decides to give in and have her very first lesbian experience with her best friend! She’s a little bit nervous, but she knows her friend will take good care of her, she is, after all, in the best hands. When her friend reaches over and starts licking one of her nipples, she feels electric waves of intense pleasure and lust running all over her body, giving her goose bumps and making her pussy drip wet. Lesbian foreplay looks great here. The girls kiss very softly, her friend’s tongue ventures into her mouth as she plays tonsil hockey with her. Her friend bends her over the couch, spreading her delicious ass cheeks and her pussy lips with her fingers as she starts to lick her and eat her out. She licks very delicate, lightly touching her clit and pussy lips at first, driving her wild with anticipation, then eats her vagina out hungrily. Her whole body trembles and convulses as she experiences her first orgasm from a girl, it’s amazing! She shoves her tongue deep into her tight slit and shows this girl that just a girl really know how to bring another girl to a strong orgasm. Her beautiful friend strips naked and spreads her legs wide open so she can also lick and suck on her dripping wet snatch. Her pussy lips are so pink, soft and tasty. She is shy since she has never ate a pussy but she gets into it. The young lesbian slowy slides her tongue up and down her wet slit and takes her clit into her mouth. Her eyes roll back in her head so she guesses this is right. She picks up how to eat pussy real quick. I haven’t seen that pussy eating technique before but I like it. Two naked girls take turns eating each other out and the sexy blonde sits on her face and rides her while she licks and drinks the juices flowing from her pink tender snatch! Her ass twerking on the friend’s face is one of the sexiest things I’ve ever watched. The dialogue between the two ladies is very sexy! Touchy, touchy, licky, licky. Lick the pussy, lick the ass, repeat, repeat. This teen girl always thought she was into cock but now that her beautiful best friend has introduced her two hot lesbian sex she’s seriously considering switching to pussy! Don’t miss more hotties! Great job RK, you are the best in lesbian sex!! 