These dads are fucking horny and they have a huge hard-on for each other’s daughters, a hot blonde and the sexy brunette! They come up with a clever plan, changing their boyfriends’ numbers in their daughters’ phones and tricking them into waiting for them totally naked and blindfolded! The girls fall for it, stripping naked and putting blindfolds on, in anticipation of their boyfriends, but they are going to get fucked by each other’s daddies instead! The brunette’s dad gets the blonde and vice versa, licking their dripping wet pussies and rimming their tight assholes. The girls are totally turned on, wrongly assuming that they are getting licked by their boyfriends! Satisfied with eating them out, the horny dad’s with out their hard cocks and rammed them deep inside their swapped daughters’ dripping wet pussies, fucking them very hard on the couch. Yes, it is kind of weird watching their daughters getting fucked by the other dad, but if that is the price to pay for getting to fuck the swapped daughter, it’s very well worth it! The girls love getting fucked by their boyfriends, it seems as if their dicks would have gotten bigger, harder and thicker than usual, and they have also improved sexually, almost as if they would have gained many years of experience from one day to the other, LOL! The blonde is flat on her back and spread eagled, getting fucked in missionary while her brunette best friend is still getting banged doggie style from behind by the friend’s dad! The brunette gets flipped over too, for some hot missionary fucking and the dads finally decide to remove their blindfolds and let them in on their dirty little secret! After all, the naughty girls deserve to know that the hard cocks satisfying them so much today do not belong to their loser boyfriends, but rather to their dads! Talk about a swerve! Holy plot twist! The girls can’t believe that they have been getting fucked by each other’s fathers! It’s kind of awkward, but their pussies are still dripping wet and these young naked girls want to keep sucking and fucking those big hard cocks! The brunette slut rides her best friend’s dad’s hard cock in reverse cowgirl and her blonde friend takes her dad upstairs to the bedroom so she can have her way with him! 