I love big natural tits and when I see a hot chick with big natural bangers, I don’t mind showing out some serious cash even if it’s just to get a glimpse of them! I saw this sexy busty blonde walking out of the food market at the gas station, wearing a sexy blue dress and I approached her to see if she was willing to make some fast cash by giving me a quick look at her beautiful titties. She was a spunky 20 year old college student and she agreed to flash me her big tits. After getting such a tasty appetizer, I wanted to see more, and I was willing to pay for it, but she said she had to go pee, and I offered her more cash to watch her go in a corner! She lifted her dress, pulled her panties aside, squatted in the corner and relieved herself. Watching that fine stream of Golden Luke warm urine dripping down her tender pink pussy lips and wet slit got my dick so fucking hard I thought I was going to cum on the spot! The sexy girl kept looking around to make sure nobody was seeing her, but I could tell that she was actually getting pretty turned on by this experience! I bet she never imagined that exposing herself in public could be such a turn on! With some more cash I pulled out my dick, she grabbed it and got down on her knees, sucking and licking it with my balls too. I took her to an alley, where she got naked, her ass looked super sexy and inviting. She got down on her hands and knees and urged me to fuck her dripping wet pussy doggie style from behind. She promptly bent over and slammed her ass right into my dick. I’d never felt anything so good in my life as what I felt when my cock went into her warm and wet young pussy. I put my hands on the cheeks of her soft ass as the hot teen blonde pushed herself on me. The view of her bouncing ass was delightful. She rode my like a horse, I was in ecstasy. The way this teen slut twerked her sexy ass on my dick, moaning in pleasure, was stunning. She loved having sex with a stranger. Pumping her ass, she begged me to cum on her. I pulled my throbbing dick out and a massive jet of cum exploded out of me as I shot my load. Jet after jet of my hot cum shot onto her ass and her back. I gave her panties to her and she began to get dressed with her back and ass still covered with my cum. 