I was watching TV when I heard my stepsister screaming from across the kitchen and I rushed to her aid, worried that she may have cut or hard herself! Fortunately, she was okay, she had actually managed to get her hand stuck in the sink, can you believe that? On top of that, she was wearing just her bra and skimpy shorts. As she wriggled trying to get herself unstuck, she shook and wiggled her beautiful bubble butt, grinding it against my crotch as I tried to help her and giving me a major boner. She caught me looking at her ass but I didn’t care, anyway she was trapped and couldn’t do nothing. I grabbed her juicy ass, her boobs and even reached down and felt between her legs, her pussy was warm. She looked over her shoulder and told me that if I help her get her hand unstuck, she would let me fuck her! That was the type of motivation I needed, LOL! She took off her shorts, followed by her cute white cotton panties, moaning and grunting as she kept grinding her butt against me, burying my hard cock between the delicious crack of her ass. She just smiled rubbing her naked ass against my throbbing dick. My slutty step sister looked back at me, and said “go ahead” I shoved my throbbing member deep inside her pussy, she was already dripping wet! I didn’t even have to fuck her, can you believe I just did still and my stepsister pushed her juicy bubble butt back and forth against my cock!?! She raised a leg over the kitchen counter so I could penetrate her even deeper and I think that at that moment, she didn’t give a fuck about having her hand stuck in the sink, she just wanted to get her pussy fucked hard by my cock! Pounding her pussy definitely worked, because her hand got unstuck, but that didn’t mean she was going to stop, this bitch wanted more. I knew I was going to blow. “I want you to cum in my mouth, i want to feel your hot cum shoot in my mouth”. She stuck her tongue out and I couldnt hold back anymore and my semen began to flow right onto her tongue. My slutty step sister swallowed my load whole and said she wanted more! We went to the living room and my naked stepsister showed me how she loved to ride a dick, grinding, twerking and bouncing on my still throbbing cock. 