She doesn’t mind sharing her BF with her best friend! This spunky brunette is sure that her best friend, a cute blonde, has a sex freak lurking inside her, she just needs to let it out! However, her best friend doesn’t have any experience and doesn’t know much about guys, much less cocks and sex, other than what she has watched in porn, and she watches a lot porn! Since the brunette is self less and a good friend she doesn’t mind sharing her boyfriend with her best friend, so he can teach her everything she needs to know about guys! When he arrives she takes him and her best friend to the bedroom, where she starts sucking her boyfriend’s big juicy cock while her best friend watches and learns. She joins in, sucking and licking that big member just like in the movies, giving their stud a double blowjob that almost makes him cum on their faces! The brunette spreads the blonde’s legs wide open and eats her out while her boyfriend fucks her mouth with his big cock. These sluts are crazy! As the brunette straddles herself atop her boyfriend’s member and impales her dripping wet pussy on it and rides him, the sexy blonde strips naked and joins them. She plays with the brunette’s juicy bubble butt, sliding her fingers up and down the crack of her ass and softly stimulating her asshole, reaching under so she can caress her pussy and her boyfriend’s cock and balls while they are fucking. She sucks her best friend’s boyfriend’s erection before straddling herself on top, squatting over it with her back facing his way as she makes her body bounce up and down his long shaft. She never imagined that getting fucked by a guy with feels so fucking hot, and having her best friend their and the fact that the guy is her boyfriend makes the whole experience even better. He bends the brunette over the edge of the bed and puts the blonde on top of her, then takes turns drilling both naked girls, their dripping wet snatches with his cock in tandem. When the blonde finally cums for the first time from her best friend’s boyfriend’s hard cock inside her pussy it’s a beautiful scene, as she pulls out of his cock and wiggles her juicy little bubble butt in pure ecstasy. Now she wants him to blow his load all over her! Don’t miss these two teen sluts! 