You all won’t believe me but it did happen! I fucked my daughter’s best friend! I always liked it when my daughter hung out with her slutty best friend, especially when she stayed over for the night. This bitch was so fucking hot! She was always giving me dirty looks and teasing me with her tight teen body, her juicy bubble butt and her big tits. I wanted to tap that ass but she was my daughter’s best friend and I tried not to pay attention. At least until the morning the teen slut woke up earlier my daughter and came to the kitchen wearing nothing but a tank top and a skimpy thong! She stood beside me, knowing that I was very nervous she took my hand and put it to her breast. She started fondling her breasts, and rubbing her crotch up against me. Slowly she moved my hand towards her panties and slid it to her shaved pubis and lower, right to her wet slit! Her tight little pink cunt was already dripping wet in anticipation of my cock! She reached under her top, groping and massaging her big tits, taking it off so I could get a good look at them. They looked so big and firm in her petite frame. Her boobs were bigger than I thought and so firm. I laid back as the teen slut wrapped her big tits around my hard cock, massaging my throbbing erection with her melons. She slapped my cock against them, taking it to her wet mouth so she could suck it and licked my big balls too. The girl was a motherfucking bitch! The best feeling i can possibly describe. She stroked my cock while sucking it, deepthroating it, drenching it with her warm drool, spreading it all over my shaft as she gave me a handjob and blowjob combo. After fucking her big tits the young naked girl smiled, stood up and turned over, spreading her delicious butt cheeks with her hands, exposing the crack of her ass and her little asshole. She turned around to look at me, and gently sat on my cock and I could feel it sinking into her moist, tight, hot pussy as she slided down my pole until she was impaled on it and ready to ride. She made that juicy bubble butt bounce up and down my lap and I could feel her teen pussy tightening around my shaft as she took it all in. She was moaning and i was just in heaven. I slapped her ass and flipped her over so she could ride me facing my way and I could see her beautiful big tits bouncing up and down like basketballs, rub them with both hands, enjoy the full view of her naked body. She had incredibly unique tits. Honestly, I haven’t seen another pair that look close to hers. “Spread my legs open and stick it in me!” She started convulsing, screaming and writhing and exploded into the wildest orgasm I had seen! Man this teen babe was hot as hell! She went crazy with another orgasm and began to squirt! We were so busy that didn’t notice how my daughter woke up. Fuck, she almost caught me fucking her best friend at the kitchen! I covered myself and my daughter couldn’t see her naked friend hidden behind our kitchen counter. My daughter left and her crazy friend decided to show me what a teen slut could do with her butt, fucking my cock with her ass in a circular motion, not forgetting to caress my balls with her hand. I started to pound her as fast and deep as I could, she started to moan and scream with pleasure. When I said I was about to cum, she continued to fuck me, moaning and rubbing my balls! My dick was like a hose when I ejaculated, I was gushing sperm like mad!   With the hottest teens in every single video, the biggest cocks, sneaking and almost getting caught scenes, MOFOS is the King of amateur teen porn on the web!!! This website is loaded with thousands of real girls, user submitted videos, exclusive footage. They specialize in teens of all kinds! They have shy, amateur, experienced, adorable, sexy and nerdy teen sluts ready for you. These girls become real pornstars when the world sees them sucking huge cocks, getting fucked and swallowing cum like mad in the best amateur sex tapes you have ever seen! MOFOS is the best amateur porn site ever!