Lesbian escort agency casting call ends in hot lesbian sex! This beautiful blonde with a Masters degree in marketing has a genius idea, creating an escort agency targeted exclusively to women looking for women! It’s time for her escort agency’s first casting call and she has lined up a group of beautiful young girls eager to earn a position in the agency and willing to do whatever it takes to satisfy, pleasure and convince her that they are the right fit for her agency! The first thing she wants to do is to test out the girls’ lip service so she takes the first girl in line, a spunky brunette in a tight red outfit and presses her against her, groping, squeezing and slapping her beautiful bubble butt while they make out. She makes her stick out her wet tongue and licks it, sucking it and tasting her delicious saliva. Next, she makes the girls line up and strip fully naked, so she can check out their hot bodies and attributes and see how comfortable the girls are with nudity and with their own bodies. As she makes the girls bend over the casting couch in a line, she strips down to her sexy black lace lingerie too. Six naked girls with their perfect naked asses high in the air look amazing. She likes what she sees, and now has to have a taste. She takes turns spreading their beautiful ass cheeks, rimming their assholes and licking their dripping wet pussies while all naked girls make out with each other, totally turned on by the fantastic sexual experience they are living. The lesbian makes sure to lick and suck every last inch of their young wet pussies to ensure that her clients will be receiving the pick of the litter. All the girls taste so good and are so fucking hot, she just can’t get enough of them, sinking her wet pink tongue deep inside their tender assholes and delicious pussies. She’s eaten out all pussies and it’s time to put these young naked girls into a real life situation: a lesbian orgy! The girls are so turned on by now that they start having hot lesbian sex with each other, pairing up in couples and trios. This is the kind of attitude the beautiful blonde marketing genius was hoping to finding her girls, the perfect mix of beauty and raw sexuality that will make her lesbian escort agency become a huge success! She finger fucks the girls, watches them tribbing each other, masturbating, experiencing incredible orgasms in this all girl lesbian sex orgy. Naked girls, cute butts, wet pussies are everywhere! The woman pleasures the girls and the girls pleasure her, climaxing over and over, screaming, cumming, making naked girls centipede. What happens next? Well, I guess you will just have to download and see.   One naked girl = nice, two naked girl = great, a team of young naked girls = awesome! The hottest naked girls can be found right here at BFFs! These naughty 18 year old girls are best friends forever and they like to share everything they have, from their clothes, their makeup and her lingerie to their favorite sex toys and even their lovers and their boyfriends! Cute and innocent as they may seem, these naughty girls love stripping naked in front of the camera so they can suck a big juicy cock or eat each other out in hot lesbian action, masturbating, getting their tight pussies and assholes pounded hard and swallowing loads of creamy cum!