My stepsister was in the bathroom and I had seen that the door was not closed fully, I couldn’t pass by so as not to peep in. The door was a bit open and I could see my stepsister when she took a shower, totally naked, soaping up her beautiful body and her big tits. It gave me an instant erection! I was pretty good at seeing her without being seen, but I opened the door just a little bit and musta made too much noise ’cause my sister looked up and saw me there. I tried to act like I walked in by accident, but I don’t think she bought it, especially since I had a massive bulge under my pants! I think she noticed my hard on as I was trying to hide it. She knew I had hurt my right hand from over masturbating so there was nothing I could do about the huge erection she provoked with her body, but she understood my suffering and decided to give me a helping hand! I could see her in all her splendour, fully naked and beutiful. I couldnt help just staring at her huge 32DD sized breasts and the juicy nipples she had and also at her shaved teen pussy. My naked step sister looked me in the eyes and started touching her big tits, making her nipples get fully erect and she liked the way my cock twitched in reaction to her. Then she got down on her knees, took my throbbing member in her hands and introduced it into her hot, wet mouth, sucking it all the way down to the base. I grabbed her hair and pulled her down close to me, fucking her face with my cock. By the way she looked at me as she stroked and sucked my hard cock, I can tell that she was really into it, and she was enjoying this as much as I was, if not more! This was so fucking hot that I couldn’t hold it in, and I blow my load inside her mouth in just a few minutes! To my surprise she swallowed two or three times and said that she wanted more! We went to my bedroom, she was totally naked and hot. Her nipples were puffy and erect, her pussy was dripping wet, and she said me that after sucking my hard cock she just wanted to feel it inside her! My cock got so hard again she saw it and gave me a cute little smile. She straddled herself on top of me, then grabbed my dick, pointed it at the opening to her pussy and squatted down forcing my cock into her extremely tight cunt. I squezzed on her breasts and started sucking them. My slutty step sister rocked back and forth and up and down and pushed down hard, making those big beautiful tits bounce up and down. I ccould’t believe I was banging my very own stepsister! She squatted on my cock and flipped over, so she could make her juicy bubble butt bounce up and down my Dick. She twerked on my dick till she felt my cock was going to cum again so she took it in her mouth and began stroke and suck it so fast and hard that I came splattering my jizz in her mouth the second time. She got on her kness and said “well are you going to fuck me hard or not?” i said hell yes and entered her from behind. I fucked her doggie style from behind, then I cummed again on her face and tits the third time!   SisLovesMe is the home of hot teens that are in love with their step brothers and the girls just can’t stop thinking about them, masturbating under blanket, rubbing their young pussies as they fantasize with sucking and fucking their big hard cocks and receiving their creamy cumshots and facials! The guy also can’t pass by their sister’s room, so as not to peek at them naked, sneak and sniff their panties or cum on their faces when the girls are sleeping! When these guys see their half naked stepsisters walking around the house in just the panties, displaying their sexy legs and their sexy bubble butts, see them masturbating in the bathroom or watching porn, indecent thoughts come!