I always loved black girls and young girls with big tits and my neighbor’s black daughter has amazing huge tits. One day, I saw her outside. I decided to spy over the fence so I could check out this sexy black teen girl when she took a dip in the pool. Suddenly I saw How she took off her bikini top, revealing those beautiful breasts of hers! She was topless, exposing her spectacular big black tits. I stood there with my jaw open. She was no longer the little girl next door that I had grown up with but a sexy slut. While she was taking some nude selfies she caught my reflection on her smart phone and realised that someone was playing voyeur with her! I was busted, and all I could do is apologize and beg the neighbor’s daughter not to tell my wife… I should be more worried about her telling her dad, he was a professional wrestler and he could really put the hurt on me if he knew his pervy neighbor was spying on his beloved daughter! It was okay though, she kind of understood, after all, she knew my wife, she was an old hag, ugly as fuck and knowing as hell! Her poor neighbor just wanted to look at a hottie like her for a change. Actually, she felt flattered and wanted to make my day by letting me touch her big brown tits. The naked girl even played a little bit with her black titties for me then took my hand and put it on her boobs. I always dreamed about fondling them and touching them. She could see the huge bulge under my pants and when she pulled them down she couldn’t believe how huge my cock was, and it was going to waste! She couldn’t let that happen, she wrapped her lips around it and gave me an amazing blowjob, sucking and stroking my big throbbing member. She wrapped her big tits around it and drooled all over it as I fucked her boobs, then she straddled herself on top of my hard cock and impaled her dripping wet pussy on it, pushing her smoking hot ebony body against it and making her big mocha tits bounce up and down as she rode my erection on the backyard! 