This petite blonde teen has an incredible juicy bubble shaped ass for a small white chick! She just turned 18 and she knows that beautiful but can turn her into a star, so she pays her next-door neighbor, a hot shot adult movie producer, a visit, to see if his willing to let her try out for a part in his next movie. She pours baby all all over her hot ass and rubs it over her body with her hands, bending over as he spreads her delicious ass cheeks and checks out her sexy ass crack, little asshole and young pussy. This sexy little fat ass white girl is definitely star material. She reaches under his jeans and grabs his huge throbbing member, she has never seen anything so big, so hard, so thick, so juicy! The tiny girl beginas to suck and lick his cock and balls, deep throating his erection all the way down to the base and drooling all over it. Naked girl lies flat on her back and spreads her legs as he rams his hard cock deep inside her dripping wet tight pussy, pounding her hard. She’s amazed that his huge cock actually fits inside her tight pussy, she was afraid he was going to break her into with such a gargantuan member! He holds her by her waist with both hands and keeps pounding her with his 10 inch cock. When her teen pussy is stretched enough she smiles and says faster! She wraps her legs around him and squeezes her small titties with both hands, moaning and groaning. His balls are slapping against her as his huge cock reaches the deepest parts of her petite body. Her teen body is being lit up with sexual shock waves of pleasure. She is his little slut and that her pussy belongs to him, she’s like that. Naked girl straddles herself on his lap, impales her tight muff on his big cock and rides him, making her juicy oiled up bubble butt bounce up and down his lap. She rides him in reverse cowgirl so he can enjoy her best “ass-et”, LOL! He flips her over like a pancake and keeps banging that dripping wet cunt and playing with her juicy bubble ass until he’s ready to blow his load and glaze it with his sticky cum! 