Trimming hedges, mowing the lawn and cutting the bushes are all part of my job as a gardener. You would think that this is a boring and unfulfilling job, but that’s not the case with me, since I also get to fuck my employer’s hot wife! Imagine how hard it is to focus on the job when the hot woman is sunbathing topless, showing off her big bubble tits and rubbing creamy lotion all over them to protect them from the sun’s rays. All I’m thinking to myself is don’t look, don’t look at these huge boobs and get back to work. But I can’t help but stare at her nipples, her breast and her ass. I tried to play it cool butt while I am trimming the hedges I suddenly feel her hands reaching under my legs and massaging my cock over my jeans! Of course I want to fuck her, but I don’t want to lose my job, so I do my best to resist her, but it’s so hard resisting those big tits and those skilled hands massaging my throbbing erection! “How I’d love to suck that hot young cock” The MILF finally persuades me to let her suck my cock! She gets down on her knees, pulled my pants down and starts sucking and stroking my cock, rubbing my big balls over her face, such a slut. She’s the hottest woman I’ve ever seen! I have to keep my composure when her husband shows up from behind the fence wondering where his wife is, if he knew! She massages my meaty sausage between her big tits and bends over so I can fuck her dripping wet pussy from behind, she is so fucking tight and wet! Once in a while my employer, comes around and I have to pretend like nothing’s going on as his naked wife hides from his view. This gets her even more turned on as she bends over and leans against my hard cock, pushing her juicy bubble butt against my crotch as I speak with her husband while fucking her! She pushes me onto the ground, crawls over me and before I can respond, lowers herself onto me, I’m inside her and she starts humping. I’ve never imagined that sex with a mature woman can be so wonderful. Her husband is desperately looking for his wife when she tightenes her lips around my cock, licking wildly with her tongue, stroking with both hands faster and faster, swallowing cum shots one after the other. Gardening is the best job ever!  