This dad is getting everything set up before going on a family weekend trip and as usual, his wife and daughter have left everything up to him, but that is not always a bad thing. He’s hauling their luggage in the car, when his daughter’s best friend passes by and asks him if he can help her with her bike’s flat tire. When the teen girl bends over to show him, he notices that not only is she not wearing any panties underneath that skimpy skirt, she’s got one of these butt plugs with bling on them stuffed in her tight asshole!!!!! He can’t believe it! She literally hid a diamond in her ass! She explaines to him that she likes to keep it in her ass as decoration. Turns out his daughter’s friend is a little bit of a bitch, and since his wife and daughter are not around, he decides to have a little bit of fun with her. He asks to take a closer look and sticks his face in her ass. She hikes up her skirt so he can lick, suck and kiss her asshole, ass crack and tight butt cheeks while complimenting her on that beautiful ass. Her pussy looks great too with that sweet little bush! The hot teen sits on the back of his car and spreads her legs so he can lick her dripping wet snatch and she rubs herself as he pops the butt plug in and out of her airtight asshole. She can feel her pussy starting to flow with juices in his mouth. She moans in pleasure as his tongue caress her clit and her anus. The teen slut is still breathing hard from her first orgasm when she reaches under his jeans and grabs his throbbing member. She drops to her knees so she can suck and stroke his big hard cock. Then she strips naked and spreads her legs, begging her best friend’s daddy to fuck her pussy very hard! He fucks her in missionary and flips her over, making her cum like a dirty little slut as he’s pounding her sideways. She don’t forget to caress his balls with her hand, so sexy! After making her cum one more time, he spreads her ass cheeks with his hands and tongue fucks her tender little asshole. He’s still pounding her when his daughter shows up! Since he’s concealed behind the car’s door, she wonders why he doesn’t have t-shirt on. Good thing she can’t see the rest of the picture, or else she would be asking why her dad is totally naked and fucking her best friend, LOL! After she leaves, they get inside his car so the dirty teen can straddle herself on top of his cock and ride it in the backseat, showing off how she can twerk her sexy ass. Oh, I would love to play with that booty! There’s nothing like watching these sexy young girls twerk their cute butts on huge cocks. She gets her pussy drilled until he blows his load all over her! She’s amazing and has a great body, and I love the way she smiles in this video, especially when swallowing cum at the end. He cums like a volcano, spewing squirt after squirt of hot, white, sticky cum into her mouth. There’s so much cum she barely manages to swallow it, continuing to stroke him and suck on his throbbing cock. That is fucking awesome.   RealityKings give you the hottest, sexiest and horniest teen sluts ever. Don’t miss more young porn with these hot girls, sneaking around behind their parents and their boyfriends and almost getting caught, sucking huge cocks, masturbating themselves, having hot lesbian sex with their best friends or their stepmothers, getting their pussies destroyed very hard by their stepdads or stapbrothers and getting their yonug pussies filled with hot cum! The thrill of almost getting caught while they sneak around turns these girls on and gets their pussies dripping wet. These girls are made for porn! This is like nothing you’ve seen before!