I love my stepsister and I share pretty much everything and anything with her… Except my ride! So, when the dirty little vixen sneaked into my bedroom while I was sleeping and try to steal my car keys I had to teach her a lesson. Don’t worry, I wasn’t too hard on her, after all, if she wanted my car keys so bad, she would have to do something for me in order to get them. You know what that means! The teen slut got the message and without saying a word she pulled my boxers down, grab my morning wood and went to town on it, sucking and stroking it like a whore. I crossed my legs, feeling her sweet lips kiss my balls and the tip of my cock. She smiled and continued to play with my erect penis. Ever since she learned that she could get whatever she wants from her stepbrother by sucking his dick, she’s giving me blowjobs every time she has to ask for a favor, and you want to be hearing any complaints from me, LOL! She stripped naked, revealing her beautiful perky titties and got down on her hands and knees by the edge of the bed, spreading her delicious bubble butt cheeks with her hands. I had never seen a girl who had so lovely pussy and ass. My step sister was fully naked, on all fours amd she was hot and horny like a little teen slut. My cock was throbbing and I had to have her really bad so I shoved my dick deep into her wet slit. I rammed my morning wood deep inside her dripping wet cunt and started fucking my stepsister doggie style from behind! I figured that for something as precious as my car keys, a blowjob just wasn’t enough, I needed to get some pussy from my sexy little stepsister first! She was loving every single minute of it, and every time I stopped fucking her, she pushed her juicy bubble butt against my hard cock, prompting me to keep banging her. I flipped her over like a flapjack and spread her legs, so I could continue banging her in missionary position while looking at her dirty little face. I just love the way she gets flushed when she’s getting fucked by her very own stepbrother! I just fucked her, sliding my hard cock in and out of her young pussy, faster and faster and she wrapped her legs around my back and moaned in pleasure as she had an orgasm (parents werent home). That was so good! I let her straddle herself on top of my dick and ride me, just to make sure she knew how to handle a shift stick, LOL! Naked girl started to bounce up and down her beautiful titties with pink nipples jiggling in front of my face. Then my step sister let me fuck her pussy from behind again, hoping I would not cum inside! My balls were slapping against her pussy and the view of her beautiful ass just made me pound my cock into her harded and faster. Her pussy was so good and she moaned and moaned, I was about to shoot my load but I couldn’t pull out and began to cum inside. It felt incredible! With each spurt of cum rocketed out of my cock and into my step sister’s pussy, she exploded in orgasm! She finally stopped writhing around from her orgasm and I saw a creampie oozing out of her pussy and my cum dripping from her clit. She did a pretty good job so I let her have my car keys after filling her pussy with cum!   These guys don’t need to go very far to get laid, because there beautiful and sexy stepsisters love them so much, they can’t resist sucking their big hard cocks and getting fucked hard by them! At SisLovesMe you will meet the hottest stepsisters that enjoy getting it on with their stepbrothers so they can get every tight hole in their bodies fucked hard and filled with hot cum! With amazing POV homemade amateur sextapes and sneaking behind their parents and almost getting caught scenes you can’t go wrong!