Right after their volleyball practice these naughty college coeds take the game to the dorm room where it turns into a steamy college sex orgy with the hot guys from across the Hall. Naked college girls placed the net and lean against it as they suck on the guy’s big hard cocks. Watch this sexy blonde, she loves sucking her guy’s big juicy cock as it peaks through the net holes and licking his big balls too. Everybody else in the dorm room cheers them on as she deep throats his member and gags on it, drooling all over the shaft. They decide to call the fun game “Dick through the net” and it seems to be a lot of fun! Another naughty girl is down on her knees, rubbing her dripping wet pussy with her fingers while she is licking and sucking this guy’s balls while another girl is bouncing up and down his hard shaft. Yeah, man, there is nothing’s as hot as having one girl riding your dick and another one taking care of your balls! The girl doing the ball sucking retires, but the girl riding the cock still has a lot of spunk on her, plus she wants to get all that creamy spunk on her lovers big balls too! Just watch that big juicy bubble butt bouncing up and down his lap, it’s wonderful! Theres nothing like a dorm party full of hot naked girls. On another one of the beds, a sexy blonde tries to compete against the raunchy brunette, sitting on her guy’s lap and impaling her dripping wet snatch on his big hard cock, ready to ride it and raise against her college friend. While they fuck, the guy on the other bed is getting a double dose of pleasure with two naked girls, with one beautiful girl bouncing on his dick and another one sitting on his face so he can fuck her dripping wet pussy with his tongue. The blonde is getting fucked sideways and one of the girls on the other bed is enjoying some hot missionary sex. The idea is to just keep the party going, since there are many sexy girls with dripping wet pussies and horny guys with big hard cocks and everybody is just waiting to fuck. This party one be over until all the naughty girls get to come and all the horny guys get to spray hot spunk all over them! Do not miss out on this crazy dorm orgy ending in some cum covered craziness. 