My girl and I love celebrating the 4th of July inviting all our friends to an outdoors barbecue at our place. We have a lot of fun decorating the place, preparing the barbecue and setting everything up. I must confess that it can get a bit stressful, but luckily, my beautiful blonde girlfriend knows how to make me relax. She stripped naked and started sucking and stroking my big hard cock while talking dirty to me, telling me how bad she wanted my hot cum all over her face and body. I pushed her face against my crotch to make her deep throat my erection and slobber all over it. She spread her legs and began to scream when my big cock entered her but I just shoved my cock in deeper, fucking her just shaved snatch in missionary position right there in the backyard of our home. My girlfriend moaned louder and louder as I hammered her wet, tight twat. She got back to sucking my cock. I love the way she handles my dick, but what my sexy girlfriend does best is riding me in reverse cowgirl. She sat down on my hard on and my cock slid in her wet pussy right away. She gave me an amazing lap dance with my cock inside, riding me in reverse cowgirl, looking over her shoulder as I enjoyed the view of her beautiful bubble shaped ass bouncing up and down my throbbing erection. After some reverse cowgirl action she got down on her hands and knees so I could fuck her from behind doggie style, one of our favorite positions! I almost came in her and decided to take a rest. We lay together breathless for a while, then my naked girlfriend moved towards a big tree we have planted in the back of the yard and she grabbed on to it as I fucked her from behind, both of us in standing position. We were still fucking in the pool when we realized that we got so concentrated in our lovemaking that we never realized that all our friends arrived. I ate her out amd fucked her right there in front of everyone! They so us fucking on got so turned on that everybody just strip naked and jump into the pool to join us for an outdoors sex orgy! 