I hate getting disturbed on Sunday morning. When I hear knocking on the door, it’s usually those annoying Jehovah witnesses, so I was pretty surprised when instead I found three sexy teen girls in skimpy shorts and bikinis, carrying buckets and offering to wash my car so they can raise money to go on a school trip. I had taken my car to the car wash last night, but I wasn’t going to miss the chance of watching these sexy girls getting wet and soapy to get her while scrubbing my car, so I agreed. A third girl join them and pretty soon, as if my wildest sex fantasies were coming through on a Sunday morning, all three sexy ladies were wet, soaped up and rubbing their naked tits together! The naughty girls knew they would get a bigger tip the hotter they got, and they surely weren’t afraid to push the envelope, making out while they washed my car. I got inside the car so I could watch as they pressed their big soaped up tits against my windshield. I was so fucking turned on, I offered the girls a $3000 donation for their school trip fund if they came back inside with me so we could have some fun together. Once inside, I sat down on the girls were all over my cock, sucking and stroking it and licking my balls in tandem. Two brunettes looked like sisters, like twins! While the two teen sluts played with my dick and my balls, the third girl got it all down on camera with her video camcorder. Yeah, we were making our very own porn movie! The third girl even joined in to make my double blowjob a triple cock sucking delight! I had forgotten about everything, it was fantastic, three young girls sucking my cock and balls together! When one of them sucked me, her friends licked her wet pussy, making her moan on my cock. Then one of the girls sat on my lap, squatting over my member and impaling her young tight pussy on it. I fucked her while her friend played with my cock in her slit, licking, rubbing, stroking and drooling all over. The sisters took turns riding my cock, licking each other’s pussy and sliding thier tounges up down each other’s ass crack, not forgetting about my balls. I put the one on top of the other, bent over the sofa, and took turns fucking their dripping wet pussies doggie style from behind. I fucked one of them in missionary while her friend sat on her face so she could lick her twat and her ass. Three naked girls triple sucked and fucked my dick until I couldn’t take no more and soon I was blowing my load all over them! It was my first foursome!   Young naked girls in the best group orgies you have ever seen before! Find the tightest pussy for you! Which one will u bang 1st? Camp counselors, sorority sisters, soccer girls, ballerinas, sleepovers, bachelorette parties, prom, all types of best friends get naked, masturbate together, share dicks, get fucked hard and covered in cum in a threesome and foursome and more-some sex! Jealousy and selfishness knows no place here. If these young girls taking friendship to the next level turns you on, you are going to be exhilarated with the stunning, sexy action that takes place right here at BFFs! 