This naughty blonde schoolgirl and her brunette classmate decide to stay in the classroom after classes so they can have hot lesbian sex on the teacher’s desk. The blonde giggles and spreads her legs while on top of the desk as her friend eats her out. The brunette climbs on top of the desk, squatting over her friend’s face so she can get her dripping wet pussy licked while fingering and rubbing the blonde’s. The school lesbians switch positions, now with the blonde on top and the brunette in the bottom, engaging in a steamy 69 that gets interrupted when the teacher walks into the classroom and finds two half naked girls having hot lesbian sex on his desk! Yeah, he walks in at just the right moment. He’s so upset, he has to inform the principal about this situation and called the girls’ parents and there will probably be a suspension or some sort of disciplinary action. The girls desperately plead with their teacher so he doesn’t tell on them and they know exactly what to do to convince him to keep their naughty little secret between themselves! The girls get down on their knees, pulling his pants down, stroking and sucking his big hard cock and licking his balls. The schoolgirls take turns gagging on his cock, then take turns getting pounded. He bends the blonde over his desk and rams his throbbing member deep inside her dripping wet pussy, fucking her very hard from behind while her lesbian girlfriend watches them and wait for her turn. He makes her climb on top of her friend so he can take turns pounding their tight pussies from behind. After that, he makes naked schoolgirls lie flat on their backs over his desk, one next to the other, and fucks them in tandem in missionary position, removing his cock from one wet pussy and inserting it into another wet slit. Awesome!!! After about 30 minutes of fucking their pussies he’s ready to blow his load all over their faces and bodies! Their teacher is shooting seman like a machine gun and the girls lick it off each other! 