I always enjoy hiking with my sexy blonde girlfriend. Don’t get me wrong, I hate the great outdoors and I hate having to walk for hours under the blistering sun and in such an inhospitable terrain, but you see, being all alone in the middle of nowhere gets my girlfriend turned on, and that’s something I love! As we advance in our hiking trip and get closer to our destination, she goes taking of her clothes, motivating me with glimpses of her big tits and her juicy bubble butt glistening with sweat under the sun. I could walk for miles and hours for those tits and that fine piece of ass! We fool around, pretending we are being chased by a wild bear, and soon my sexy girlfriend is down on her knees, sucking and stroking my rock hard cock. She pops it in her mouth and makes loud sucking noises as she gives me head, drooling all over my sausage while I play with her big tits. She frees them from her bra while deep throating my member and rubs it against her puffy nipples, wrapping it between her boobs and giving me a tit job! I make my naked girlfriend bend over while standing and I rammed my cock deep inside her dripping wet snatch, pounding her hard from behind while she holds on to a tree. I lie flat on my back and she straddles herself on top, impaling her tight cunt on my meaty pole and making her big tits bounce up and down as she rides my throbbing erection in cowgirl position. I grab her juicy bubble ass with my hands and a press her body against my own, feeling her big tits pressing against my chest and her breath on my neck as I bang her hard. She gets back on her feet with her legs spread, bending over so she can keep sucking and stroking my cock before straddling herself back on top, this time in reverse cowgirl, so I can admire her juicy bubble butt as she continues to ride me. I reached over and grab her big tits, squeezing them with my hands, my girlfriend loves when I play with her nipples. She leans over, getting down on her hands and knees and twerking her ass on my cock until I am ready to blow my creamy load all over her big tits! 