I know it’s not good to make comparisons, but I always tell my girlfriend how much I would love her to be more like those girls I like to watch in my favorite porn movies! They are just so hot and filthy, so sexy and nasty! Finally, my girlfriend decided to show me that she’s actually better than those girls in porn, when she walked in and found me masturbating to online porn! She got down on her hands and knees, grabbed my rock hard cock, still throbbing from the online porn, and stuffed her wet mouth with it, drooling as she deep throated me, gagging and choking just like the girls on the videos! Man, this was a totally new side to my girlfriend, she was finally acting like the dirty porn star I always wanted her to be! I knew she had that inside her, she just needed the right motivation to get it all out! She spit all over my cock and spread it on my shaft with her hands, jerking me off and sucking on my balls as if she were trying to swallow them whole. Thick ropes of hot saliva drip down the sides of her mouth and from my balls as I fucked her throat with my hard cock. I wouldn’t have thought that my girlfriend would be able to deepthroat so easily! She bent over and said fuck me as hard as you can, make me cum with your dick and cum all over my face, I want to swallow it!!! My naked girlfriend turned over and spread her ass cheeks and I saw the juiciest thing ever… all wet and waiting to be fucked hard. I put her down on her hands and knees and began fucking her dripping wet pussy doggy style from behind. She looked over her shoulder, dirty talking just like the girls in the porn movies, if not filthier! I could definitely get used to this new side of my girlfriend! Her juicy bubble butt looks fabulous from behind as I continued to fuck her and she made me lie flat on my back, jumped up to my cock and sat her pussy right on it. My girlfriend decided to show me how she could ride a dick, making her body and her big tits bounce up and down as she rode me in reverse cowgirl, her sexy bubble ass looking my way as she grabbed on tight to the wall. Squatting, she flipped over and kept riding my cock, looking into my eyes, making sure she was the filthy kind of slut I wanted to have a girlfriend. I could feel my cum boiling in my balls as my gf rode me. After fucking her pussy in missionary position she made me blow my in her mouth, I tried to pull out of her mouth so I could cum on her but she pushed it back into her mouth and began to drink my load, I love her!   I Know That Girl exposes the dirty exploits of naughty real life amateur girls that do it all in front of the cameras, thinking that their sexy escapades would never ever end up exposed on the web… but they were so fucking wrong! Enjoy watching these naughty real life sluts stripping naked, sucking dick on their knees, getting their pussies and assholes pounded hard while down on all fours and opening up wide so they can take creamy facial cum shots! New user submitted videos with the hottest real life chicks added all the time! Maybe you see some girl you know!