I was on a road trip with my girlfriend and her sister, who’d been texting with her boyfriend on her smart phone the whole trip. When I looked through the rearview mirror I caught her with her legs spread wide open and rubbing her pussy over the pink cotton fabric of her panties, what a slut! I looked again and she had her hand under her panties, shamelessly playing with her dripping wet snatch. She could actually see me looking at her through the rearview mirror, which only seemed to arouse her further. I decided to pull over at a gas station and I saw my girlfriend’s sister sneaking into the restroom. I followed her and sneaked into the stall adjacent to hers. As is usual in this kind of places, there was a glory hole connecting both stalls and through it I could see my girlfriend’s sister shamelessly masturbating while sitting on the toilet. She looked so fucking hot and sexy! She always looked gorgeous, sexy legs, flat stomach, cute little butt and a beautiful face, I always wanted to see her pussy and my cock deep inside in addition. I popped my throbbing member from under my jeans and pushed it through the glory hole!!! As soon as she saw my huge cock throbbing through the whole she latched on to it, licking my shaft, sucking and stroking my member like a dirty slut. After a while she realized it was me behind the glory hole, not like that would stop her! She got back on her knees and kept giving me head and I bent her over and spread her ass cheeks open slowly, moved my head closer till I could smell her pussy. I didn’t think twice, just ate out her dripping wet snatch and her little asshole, it tasted so much better than her sister’s! She was getting close to cumming when I licked her clit and her anus so I rammed my hard cock between her legs and began to fuck her tight slurping cunt with my huge cock. My cock was too big for her little pussy but when I stopped the dirty little bitch pushed her ass against my cock, begging me for more! When my whole cock entered completely, it was amazing. Her juices were running down her thighs, dripping from my balls, It felt so good. I kept banging her from behind and eating out her pussy and ass, before sitting on the toilet and straddling her on top, making the tiny naked girl bounce up and down my shaft. I fucked her in cowgirl position first and then I flipped her over and kept making her bounce on my huge 10 inch cock, checking out her juicy bubble butt. Pretty soon I was blowing my load all over her face and her open mouth and watching her swallow each and every drop of my sticky cum. Good thing when her sister walked in she didn’t see us while we were banging! Although it would be great to fuck both sisters!   Incredibly hot! This is why I am addicted to Porn! Young teen girls will do whatever they can to get a huge cock in their hands, mouth and pussy. These teen sluts will go above and beyond what it takes to show us how much they adore huge cocks, sacrificing their virgin pussies for a sweet taste of a big pecker. Fucking, sucking, swallowing loads and getting creampied! The kings of teen porn give you the hottest, sexiest and horniest teens ever, sneaking around behind their parents and their boyfriends and almost getting caught, getting their little pussies destroyed by the biggest cocks in the world!