When you are in love, and horny, sometimes you do the stupidest shit! In my case, I came up with a fabulous idea of taking one of my dad’s Viagra pills just to give her a surprise, just to find out that she wasn’t available! After enduring a three hour boner, I knocked on my stepsister’s bedroom door to see if she was willing to help me out with my tribulation, LOL! She gave me a hard time at first, I could tell she was enjoying my suffering, but I guess I deserved it. Finally, she bargained with me, I would let her use my car for the weekend and she would let me use her pussy to ease my throbbing erection! She pretty much got down on her hands and knees, hiked her dress over her juicy bubble ass, disposing her dripping wet pussy, and told me to fuck her fast so she could get back to her studying! I was holding my dick with one hand moving close to her. My step sister started tickling my balls and slowly grabbed my dick and slid it into her pussy. Due to the Viagra, my dick was harder, bigger and thicker than usual, so it took me some time to push it inside her tight cunt, and I could feel her squirming as she moaned and grunted until I was totally inside her. I was relieved when my dick was inside her warm, wet and tight vagina, it definitely had to help me out with relieving my erection. She let out a low moan when I slid in all the way. I pulled her ass to myself and began fucking her doggie style from behind. I fucked her as if I was in a race to save my life, while my slutty stepsister kept reading her book, what a bitch! Regardless, my throbbing cock inside her was making her hot, and pretty soon her book was tossed aside and she was begging me to fuck her harder and deeper and make her my dirty bitch! She told me to lie flat on my back, jumped on me, took off her dress and impaled her tight pussy on my hard cock, pushing her body up and down my shaft and making her big tits bounce like basketballs. She squatted over my cock, grinding her pelvis against my crotch, telling me how good my Viagra cock felt inside her tight pussy as she rode me. I put her on her back, spread eagled her and kept pumping her muff in missionary position while she rubbed herself, then put her down on her hands and knees and kept fucking her from behind until I blew my load inside her pussy! My step sister wanted me to pull out but her spasming vagina walls squeezed my cock tight, I continued to fuck her, unable to stop. At that moment my prick exploded inside of her belly, ejaculating deep inside her and her pussy suddenly became full. The volume of seman was so great that it began to leak out of her pussy, making a cute creampie!   These guys don’t need to go very far to get laid, because their sexy and hot step sisters love them so much, they can’t resist sucking their big hard cocks before bedtime, watch porn with them and let their step brothers play with their young pussies, eat them out and fuck them while their parents do not see. These girls want to give their innocence to their older step brothers and let them pop the cherry and even cum inside! Don’t miss more amazing POV homemade amateur sextapes, sneaking behind the parents and almost getting caught scenes!