He fucks his tiny stepsister after she and his friends play a trick on him! This guy is hanging out with his friends and since they are getting ready to go to a party, they are helping him pick some clothes. While he is sorting through his shorts and sweaters he realizes his tiny step sister was hiding in the closet, these are the kind of silly tricks his friends and her love to play on him, but today, his naughty little stepsister has a very dirty trick in mind for him! On a dare, she undoes his pants, whips out his throbbing member and begins playing with it. He slaps her face with his sausage as she giggles and pops it in her mouth. She deep throats his member all the way down to the base, feeling how it gets bigger and harder inside her mouth. When his best friends challenged her to suck her very own stepbrother’s cock, they didn’t actually send she was going to do it, but this is the kind of slut that never backs down from a challenge! When his cock is in her mouth she can feel her pussy getting so wet and her clit is throbbing. She pulls down her soaked panties, jumps on the bed, gets down on all fours, sticks her naked ass in the air so everybody can see how she play with her pussy. Yes! Naked girls with glasses! Holding his cock in one hand her step brother comes closer and rams it deep into her wet vagina. He begins to pound her doggy style from behind while his friends watch and one of them even films it all! This is the kind of shit you have to have on tape or nobody is going to believe it ever happened! His cock is too big for her little pussy and she closes her eyes and bits her lower lip when his sex organ slides in and out of her pussy slit. Her teen body is being lit up with sexual shock waves of pleasure and she is quickly coasting to a deep, convulsive orgasm. Naked girl straddles herself on his lap, impaling her dripping wet pussy on his hard cock and bouncing up and down as she rides him in reverse cowgirl, rubbing her clit, then flips over so she can keep riding him facing his way. Her cute little ass looks amazing bouncing up and down. He holds her buttocks with both hands and makes her ass bounce faster and faster. She is on her back with her legs pulled up and way back almost behind her shoulders and he keeps drilling her little pussy hard. After fucking her in missionary he blows his creamy load all over her slutty face and in her mouth! Hi mom, I’m officially a slut now!!!   THIS IS LIKE NOTHING YOU’VE SEEN BEFORE! Don’t Break Me is a porn site filled with young naked girls getting their ultra tight pussies stretched out, fucked and destroyed hard by the biggest cocks in porn industry! Small as they may be in size, these tiny girls are up to the challenge, sucking these big hard cocks, licking these massive balls, getting their dripping wet pussies and tight assholes pounded hard and opening up wide so they can get their filthy mouths splattered with hot cum when they make their big dicked lovers blow their creamy loads! Check it out!