My sexy girlfriend is working as a babysitter and since her boss is almost never around the house she invited me over so we could spend some time to get her since our schedules don’t usually allow it. I was a little bit concerned, but she’s told me her boss was cool and would be just fine with it. She was a hot mature brunette with a smoking hot body and though she seemed to be okay with the idea of me staying over, she had some concerns. Things got a bit rocky when she asked if she could check my girlfriend’s backpack. Turns out she had it filled with vibrators and even a huge double-ended jelly dildo, fuck me! I think I was more embarrassed than my girlfriend, LOL! Honestly, guys, I was worried. I knew my girlfriend eating me no harm and I didn’t want her to lose her job because of me. Her boss made us go inside and I feared for the worst, but as it turns out, since turned out so much better than we could have imagined! I guess my girlfriend’s sex toys ignited her curiosity and jumpstarted her sex drive, because she wanted to play with them and with us in her bedroom! Watching her tease my girlfriend’s dripping wet pussy with a double-ended dildo was such a fucking turn on, my dick was getting hard as a rock under my pants. She told my girlfriend to pull out my dick and begin to suck it, she wanted to take a look! She did. She told her to shut up and suck me! Fuck!!! Maybe she didn’t like how my girlfriend swallowed my cock but she grabbed it and began sucking it like crazy, my girlfriend was in shock! Soon the girls were sucking my hard cock together. It seemed like this MILF had done this many times before. Then the hot woman wanted me to fuck my girlfriend! She spread her legs and told me to shove my dick right there. She watched as I fucked my girlfriend, as my cock slided in and out her beautiful pussy slit. Then she pushed her aside, laid down in front of me, spread her legs and told to fuck her till she cum. I had to try my best to satisfy a mature woman. My girlfriend sat over her face and let her eat her young pussy, she liked it. Then naked woman straddled herself on top of my cock and rode me with my girlfriend watching us. Naked girls took turns riding my cock and eating each other’s twats, finally making me blow my load all over them both! 