This sexy blond teen girl is all alone at home, masturbating herself in the living room after coming back from school. She rubs her clit and she doesn’t notice there is a burglar sneaking into the house. When she realizes that she is not alone, she doesn’t run scared. Instead, she grabs a baseball bat and wait for the burglar to make a wrong move. As soon as she confronts him with a baseball bat in her hands she notices something, she actually knows this guy! It’s Ricky, and he works for her dad! She puts him against the wall and frisks him, to make sure he didn’t take anything valuable. She notices a big bulge between his legs and as she rubs it she realizes it’s Ricky’s big black cock throbbing underneath his pants. It’s so big, she feels the urge to pull his pants down and get a better look. This sexy girl has never seen one so big before and as she holds it in her small hands she can feel it getting even bigger and harder. She couldn’t resist she shoved it all in her mouth. She can’t believe how big it is, as she strokes and sucks it, slobbering all over his shaft. The tiny blonde girl makes loud sucking noises as she gives Ricky a wet handjob and blowjob combo. She straddles herself on top of his lap, impaling her tight pussy on his huge black member and sliding all the way down to the base, making her tight body bounce up and down his black shaft. She could see how her pussy lips started to stretch when his cock slid deep inside. Ricky grabs her juicy bubble butt in his hands and pops it up and down his ebony member, cradling her in his arms and banging her while standing, with her legs wrapped around his waist. He lies her flat on her back, spread eagles her and pounds her dripping wet snatch in missionary position while she keeps begging him to fuck her deeper, harder and faster. He began to pound her so hard and her pussy was being stretched so wide open I thought he was going to ruin her. He puts her down on her hands and knees, pumping her tight cunt doggie style from behind. When he broke into her dad’s house, he never imagined that he would end up fucking his employer’s daughter. She promises that if he makes her cum several times with his big black cock and blows his creamy load all over her slutty face and her open mouth so she can swallow it all she won’t tell her daddy and it will be their dirty little secret! <br>  This website features the hottest, sexiest and tiniest 18 year old teen sluts getting every tight fuck hole in their petite bodies stretched out and pounded hard by this huge throbbing cocks! Small as they seem, these slutty teens love sucking and stroking the hardest cocks and feeling how they pound their tight pussies in hard-core action! Watch their amazed and shocked faces as they see this massive erections on wonder if they can’t even fit them inside their tiny little fuck holes! They will gag and choke on them as they attempt to deep throat them and end up soaked in hot cum!</br>