I was hanging out with my buddy at his home watching the game when his teen daughter came over and he introduced her to me. Damn, that chick was as tiny as she was hot! I had taken a couple of beers and after a while I went upstairs to the bathroom, but I got distracted along the way as I passed by my friend’s teen daughter’s bedroom and so the door ajar. She saw me and invited me to pass and started rubbing my throbbing cock over my shorts! Damn! I told her that her dad was downstairs, and she just said that we’d have to be quiet, fucking hot! She whipped out my hard cock and began sucking it. My cock was really big for her small mouth, the small girl could barely fit her lips around my huge cock. She had braces and a tongue stud, you can imagine how that felt on my cock! I remember her being so cute and innocent, but after just one semester at college, she came back like a full-blown whore! Not that I was complaining! After giving me head I stripped her naked, spread her legs on her bed and slowly slid my 10 inch tool between her pink pussy lips. I put my cock inside as far as it would go her pussy was very little and tight. I was thinking how am I going to got my cock inside this little girl my cock would never fit it is to big. I slid my dick into her slowly, until I popped her cherry, than I began pumping away at her lovely, tight, young pussy. I fucked her ramming my huge cock deep inside her tight pussy in missionary position while she told me how fucking big my cock was! After fucking her in this position, the small naked girl straddled herself on top, impaled her little pussy on my meat pole and demanded me to fuck her harder and faster. She started to bounce up and down on my dick and almost immediately came. I fucked her sideways and put her down on her hands and knees, plowing her tight snatch doggie style from behind while she moaned and grunted. After fucking my best friend’s teen daughter and blowing my creamy load all over her dirty face and her open mouth I went back downstairs and finish watching the game with him, LOL! 