He is the guy with a huge cock and the cum fiesta all the girls talk about in school and when this sexy teen babe heard about him, she came knocking on his door to see if he could give her a private party, more than glad to! This girl looked hot and spunky and she went straight to the point, she wanted her cum fiesta, that’s the type of attitude I like in a girl! When he asked if she knew the secret password, she pulled her top up and flashed him her titties, right on! After showing her naked tits at the door, access was granted, they were ready to get this party started. Once inside she got rid of her top, took his throbbing member in her hands and began sucking and stroking it like a naughty girl, making sexy sounds as she gave him a handjob and blowjob combo. The teen slut made sure to give his balls a good licking too, the other girls must have told her how much he enjoyed that. She stripped naked and straddled herself on his lap, impaling her dripping wet tight pussy on his massive erection. Just like every other girl before her she must have feared it would be too big for her, but pretty soon she was fully impaled on his meat sword and making her naked body bounce up and down his rod. That’s the cutest perfect little round ass ever… By the look and expression on her face I can tell she had never taken such a big hard cock up her tight cunt before and probably never ever would again. After riding his huge cock in cowgirl position she flipped over, making her juicy bubble butt bounce up and down his lap. He flipped her over again after a while and then he put her down on her hands and knees so he could fuck her doggie style from behind and make her his little bitch. He has a very nice cock and knows how to use it! Naked girl went to the couch and lied on her back, spreading her long legs so he could fuck her in missionary position. As he fucked her she grabbed her tits and squeezed them hard, pressing them together as she held her legs wide open as he continued pounding her dripping wet cunt until he was ready to give her that much-deserved cum fiesta, spraying hot cum all over her face, open mouth and tits! She got her tight pussy stretched out and her pretty face jizzed on. This girl went to her friends with a story to tell. 