This guy is fucking thick and tired of having the preacher’s daughter constantly knocking on his door and trying to redeem his soul, stupid little bitch just doesn’t understand he likes being a pervert! When she actually get into his house without his permission he decides that this preachy little bitch needs to be taught a lesson about respecting limits. He puts her against the wall, holding her wrists behind her back and tying them up. He puts her on her knees, ripping her top and exposing her big tits. Her puffy nipples are already fully erect and he bets her panties are already soaked in her pussy juices. She may pretend she’s the all holy pure and innocent preacher’s daughter but he knows she’s just a cock craving, cum hungry little whore. He squeezes her titties and spreads her legs, rubbing her muff over her cotton panties. Just as he anticipated, they are drenched in her pussy juices. He whips out his throbbing member and makes the preacher’s daughter suck on it. Maybe this is what she needs to loosen up and stop being such a stuck up bitch. He takes her to his bedroom, tosses her on his bed, ripping out her clothes and putting her down on her fours. He spanks her juicy ass and puts her flat on her belly, ramming his hard cock down her throat some more. Now the teen girl is getting into it, sucking and stroking his throbbing member and tasting his salty precum. Since she is the preacher’s daughter, he finds it fitting to put her in missionary position first, fucking her dripping wet pussy with his big cock. He fucks her sideways, and now the naughty blonde is rubbing her muff and touching her hot naked body, giving into her filthiest side. He puts her flat on her belly, restraining her wrists behind the small of her back and pounding her very hard from behind. He starts to pound her pussy like there is no tomorrow! He holds her tight by the neck while ramming his hard cock deep inside her tight muff and straddles her on top, so she can make her big tits bounce up and down as she rides his cock. Now she can come knock on his door whenever she wants, as long as it’s for more punishment! 