This is going to be a sleepover to remember for sure! This hot blond teen is so happy that her daddy is letting her have a sleepover with her best friend, a spunky brunette teen, and to make sense even better, her dad, Mr. John is actually friends with her dad so they can bond downstairs watching their football game while her best friend and her bond upstairs in her bedroom, playing with each other leg naughty little girls! The girls haven’t seen each other in such a long time, and the first thing they do is strip naked and check each other out, just like in the old days! Their bald pussies, nice titties and cute little butts, absolutely everything about these young girls is perfect! Naked girls change into their onesies and go to bed. In the middle of the night the blond wakes up, feeling Mr. John rubbing his throbbing member against her juicy bubble butt, looks like the dads finished watching the game and decided to join their girls upstairs! She can actually see her best friend rubbing her cute little ass against her daddy’s crotch! That’s okay, she knows her dad hasn’t fucked for a long time and who better to fuck him and her best friend, while she’s getting fucked by her dad, fucking hot! The naughty blond opens the back of her onesie and her friend does the same. The dads figure out they are in the middle of a daughter swap and go along with it, ramming their throbbing members deep inside each other’s daughter’s dripping wet pussies and fucking them hard in bed! It’s kind of awkward having their daughters watch them fucking their best friends and seeing their daughters getting fucked, but very kinky and hot at the same time! Their writhing and moaning, these two teen girls are so hot. Their hips thrusting back at the men meet their every stroke with equal force. The men grab their daughters tits and pound them as deep as they can when the girls look at each other and giggle. The blond enjoys Mr. John’s big fat cock pumping her pussy and the girls get bent over by each side of the bed and fucked very hard doggie style from behind! They can look at each other getting fucked and they can see their dads fucking them, it’s also fucking hot and it makes their pussies drip wet. These two naked asses look amazing! The girls strip out of their onesies and straddle themselves on their respective mature lover’s big hard cocks, impaling their dripping wet pussies on them and pushing their bodies up and down as they take them all in! These two naked girls look incredible hot riding these cocks together. The girls take a break from time to time to suck cock and lick balls and then continue to ride. The sleepover isn’t over until their daddies blow their loads all over their little faces and open mouths!   At Daughter Swap every single naughty teen girl dreams about getting fucked by somebody as hot and sexy after daddy, and they get exactly what they want when their horny fathers swap daughters so they can fuck them very hard and filled with cum! These naughty teen sluts get off watching their best friends getting fucked by their dads while their dads are banging their dripping wet pussies and tight asses, making them suck their big hard cocks and lick their balls and blowing massive amounts of hot cum all over their dirty faces, their open mouths, their big tits and juicy butts!