This guy has been playing Pokémon Go for months, he even quit his day job, but it looks like his efforts are finally going to pay off big time because he just found three sexy Pokémon girls, Pikachu, Charmander and Jigglypuff, and he plans to get them all… and fuck them all, LOL! After catching them, he takes them back to his place so they can be trained. He calms the girls quickly, and explains all they have to do is please their Poke Master. The girls get down on their knees and starts sucking his hard cock and licking his balls obediently, giving him a triple Pokémon blowjob! He grabs Pikachu and rams his cock down her throat, then he takes her to the couch and straddles her over his lap, impaling her dripping wet pussy on his throbbing erection and making her tight body bounce up and down his shaft. Jigglypuff straddles herself on his face, so he can eat out her dripping wet clam while Pikachu and Charmander continues sucking and licking his throbbing erection. Cute and innocent as she looks, Jigglypuff is horny as hell, straddling herself on top of his hard cock and riding him while the other teen girls slap and spank her tight bubble butt. As she rides, the pokeman rubs Charmander’s muff while Pikachu finger fucks herself, totally turned on by all the hot kinky sex she’s witnessing. Naughty Charmander is up next, eager to impale her tight pussy on her Pokemaster’s cock and ride it in reverse cowgirl, or should we say, reverse Pokémon girl, LOL! Her friends have hot lesbian sex, making out and touching each other while they watch their friend getting such a hot fuck. After fucking Charmander sideways, he puts Pikachu down on her hands and knees, pounding her doggie style from behind, stuffing her dripping wet pussy with his thick rod. He holds Jigglypuff by underneath her knees and fucks her in standing position, with the other naughty Pokémon girl licking and sucking on his big balls. Getting to fuck all three sexy Pokémon sluts after capturing them is a treat and he just can’t wait to blow his load all over their faces and their cum hungry mouths, hoping that once they get a taste of his hot cum they might evolve into even hotter and sexier versions of their Pokémon slut personas so he can keep fucking them all!   All these young girls at BFFs just love stripping naked, kissing, masturbating together, sucking dick, licking pussy to each other, getting their pussies fucked hard and getting creamy cumshots and intense facials together too, because they are friends! Don’t miss all these naked teen girls in the best threesome, foursome and more-some orgies you have ever seen before! The girls share it all, from their sex toys to their boyfriends’ cocks. Come inside right now and watch their porn adventures. Watch these groups of besties as they get themselves into these super hot teen orgies!