Some guys can be real assholes, good thing there are still nice guys like me around to pick up their slack, and a smoking hot girls they leave behind, LOL! I was driving around when I saw this sexy little girl getting kicked out of her boyfriend’s car. They had some stupid argument and the asshole simply dumped her on the spot. Of course I picked her up and make sure she had a great time and realize there are guys that can appreciate a sexy little blond cutie like her. Flashing her tits on a dare was exactly what got her kicked out of her BF’s car, but it also introduced her mouth to my dick. We stated playing truth or dare too. She flashed me her beautiful tits on a dare and then dare me to pull out my cock! This hottie was ready to get back on the saddle, leaning over to suck my throbbing cock while I was driving. It felt very good when her small hand touched my balls and stroked my Johnny and her lips and tongue played with my the cock head. I was about to cum right in her mouth when we pulled over by a quiet spot. I asked her what she wanted and she told me she wanted me to fuck her with my hard cock. The sexy young girl got naked between the bushes, sitting on the branch and spreading her long legs wide open so I could fuck her dripping wet pussy. I thought she was one of the most sexiest girls ive ever seen. She wanted to get any trace of her boyfriend’s cock out of her body ASAP and that worked just fine with me, LOL! I was more than happy to replace his cock with my own! As I fucked her, the little teen slut rubbed her clit with her fingers, telling me how much bigger, harder and thicker my cock was in comparison to her loser boyfriend. I lied flat on my back on the grass and she bent over standing, sucking and stroking my hard cock with one hand while rubbing her dripping wet snatch with the other. I will still trying to understand how somebody could dump a cock sucker like this, what a moron! Well, his bad judgment was my good luck, LOL! Then she sat over me and took my now throbbing hard cock and slid her pussy down over it. I remember thinking, i never thought i could feel this good. She began to ride me in cowgirl position, very fast and hard. Then naked girl got on her back, and began playing with her pussy for me. When she rubbed her juicy pussy lips I said “That is the most beautiful pussy I ever have seen”, she liked it. With her legs spread wide open and her arms holding her up her body up she pushed her lovely young pussy against my cock. The girl was so hot. I put her in missionary and drilled her pussy, before letting her ride my cock some more in reverse cowgirl so I could check out her juicy bubble butt right before blowing my creamy load all over her sexy face, feeling her mouth up on watching her swallow every single drop! I could hear her moaning in pleasure as her mouth milked every spurt that shot out of my cock.   There is nothing in the world that can stop these hot young girls when they start craving for something and, usually, these girls want nothing but a huge cock, good sex, multiple orgasms and hot fresh cum all over their lovely faces or even better deep inside their tight pussies. This is why MOFOS is the #1 TEEN PORN site ever – the hottest young girls, the biggest cocks, the craziest amateur POV videos! This is the hottest place for you to discover real girls exposed for the first time ever in the raunchiest sex action available on the web. Watch these young sexy teens in all their glory: stripping naked, sucking cock to a stranger, having huge cocks crammed up their tight pussies and get their cute faces, sexy bodies, big tits and juicy butts covered in loads of hot cum!