Where’s your favorite place to have outdoor sex? I met this sexy brunette teen slut at the park and she was curious about why I was filming her so I explained to her about my porn video blog filled with hot girls and wondered if she wanted to become one of them. She liked the idea and was in need of some cash to pay her rent so she agreed to become the latest star of my vlog. She agreed to flash me her titties and let me grab them, feeling their tenderness and how puffy and perky her nipples got as I touched her right there in the middle of the park. Since there wasn’t anybody around, she didn’t have any trouble stripping down to her lingerie and removing her panties so I could get a view of her round bubble butt and juicy pussy. Wow! What a beautiful pussy she had! Her titties were really nice also! those nipples! Then I asked her if she’d like to fuck. She was very excited at the thought of having sex with a stranger. So me and her were naked in the park. I lied flat on my back and she straddled herself on top, letting my throbbing erection sink inside her dripping wet snatch. She had never fucked in the middle of a public park before and was extremely turned on by the idea as her body bounced up and down my member. I made her turn over so I could check out her juicy bubble butt bouncing on my boner. She lied on her back and spread her legs, letting me eat her out and fuck her pussy with my tongue. I love tasting her delicious pussy she started to moan and trembled until she was overcome with a powerful orgasm and she was spraying pussy juice into my mouth and rubbing my face all over her pussy. Then naked girl got on her knees and swallowed my cock, sucking and stroking it, bending over a metal rail so I could fuck her hard from behind. So, we fucked there, naked, on the park grass, with passers by applauding and cheering our efforts. It was probably the most amazing outdoor sex I’ve ever had. I couldn’t wait to blow my creamy load all over that pretty face of hers! In about ten minutes I was gushing sperm like mad, and she was swallowing. 