This sexy curly haired teen slut is watching the football game with her boyfriend and his best friend. The friend watches as the couple quarrels, she wants him to get her a cola drink but they ran out and he doesn’t want to miss the game while going to the nearby store to get more. He finally agrees and leaves. She’s so fucking tired of having enough of boyfriend, so she decides to give his best friend to try! The teen slut knows they have some time to fuck before her boyfriend gets back. This guy knows he’s not supposed to fuck his best friend’s girlfriend, but she’s so fucking hot and sexy, he decides to let it slide and sees the opportunity. After all, she could dump him tomorrow for all he knows, LOL! They kiss as he strips her naked, sucking on the puffy nipples crowning her small titties. She gets down on her hands and knees, sucking and stroking his throbbing member, the same lips, which she kisses her boyfriend. She spreads her drool all over his cock as she deep throats it and he rams it deep inside her dripping wet pussy and starts fucking her from behind on the living room couch. She lies flat on her back and sucks his big dick while he does the plank over her. She sucks his big hard cock swallowing it completely. She’s going mad with his cock in my mouth. She spreads her legs so he can lick her cunt and tongue fuck her, something her boyfriend hardly ever does. He then entered her again with great force. Screaming an moaning she keeps telling him to fuck her as fast and as hard as he can. Amazing, I would destroy this slut every minute of every day. He fucks her in missionary position and lets her ride his dick until he cums, blowing his load inside her, and leaving a sticky creampie dripping from her pink pussy lips! Holy shit is what you’ll be saying when you see the great gob of white sperm goo that comes oozing out of her pussy. This teen slut was born to fuck! Her thirst for a cock and hot cum is a fit for us, which is why we continue to give you her scenes! 