These two beautiful brunette girls are finishing off their summer vacations with a lubed up threesome with this hot guy they met. Everybody is naked, slick and slippery from the lube as one of the girls gets down on all fours and gets her pussy rubbed while more lube is poured all over her juicy bubble butt, dripping down the crack of her ass and the slit formed by her pussy lips. She grinds against the slippery surface as more and more lube gets poured all over her naked body. She loves feeling four hands all over her body, spreading that slippery lube on her skin. She kisses with her girlfriend and two naked girls drool all over their guy’s massive throbbing sausage. They stroke his shaft and massage his balls, sucking his hard cock while drooling all over it and swapping drool and precum amidst sloppy kisses they give each other. He puts the girls ass against ass and pours even more lube all over both sexy chicks and takes turns popping his hard cock deep inside their wet and slippery pussies, fucking them in tandem. With each and every thrust of his dick, lube splashes all over the place! Who likes naked girls shaking their asses? While one of the girls is getting fucked, the other eagerly awaits to feel that big throbbing member pumping inside her tight gash. The anticipation builds up and finally finds its release when that lube soaked erection penetrates and fucks them very hard. He lies flat on his back and one of the naked girls straddles herself on top, her pussy impaled on his dick as she makes her body bounce up and down in reverse cowgirl, her crazy friend pouring more lube all over his body. It slides and drips down her tits and belly, all over his cock and balls as he fucks her hard. Her friend rubs her pussy and kisses her tits sucks on her nipples as she gets fucked so hard, popping his hard cock out of her cunt so she can suck and stroke it, tasting his precum and her friend’s pussy mixed up with the lube and her saliva, it’s an intoxicating cocktail. She rides his cock and makes her juicy bubble butt bounce upon it, feeling how their lover is closer and closer to blowing his load and cumming hard all over their lubed up faces and bodies! Watching two naked girls get wet and covered in cum is a great way to finish summer. 