This sexy brunette babe called me over to her house after trying to fix her bathroom plumbing issues with some towels and finally decided to get a plumber to help her out. I checked out the issue while she went back outside to sunbathe. I couldn’t help checking her out, she looked so fucking hot in her skimpy bikini. She came back to check on my work and since I was still busy, she told me she would take a shower in the meantime. I could see her while she showered, the sexy naked babe had a juicy bubble butt and beautiful tiny, perky titties, crowned by big puffy nipples. Her shaved pussy looked amazing. I was getting a massive hard on just watching the young naked girl shower and when she came out wrapped in a towel she couldn’t help notice the huge bulge throbbing between my legs. She could tell she was the reason for my arousal and she liked that, the teen slut like that a lot and wondered if I could unclog her pipes! She let the towel slide off her body and started massaging the bulge under my pants with a naughty smile on her sexy face. I stuck my finger between her legs, and we began to kiss passionately. She got down on her knees and began sucking and stroking my throbbing member, deep throating it all the way down to my balls, un-fucking-believable! She made these sexy sucking noises as she gave me head. She made me lie on the couch, straddling herself on top. I grabed her ass with my hands and I picked her up like a baby, she spread her lovely legs open, and with her hand she guided my cock near her wet pussy lips so I could penetrate her. The teen slut was looking into my eyes while my cock was sliding deeper and deeper into her body. She was so fucking hot! She pushed her sexy little body up and down my shaft, moaning and grunting, definitely enjoying the experience of having a professional plumber unclogging her pipes. She flipped over and kept riding me, her delicious bubble shaped ass bouncing up and down my hard cock, what a view! Dirty little bitch was practically twerking on my dick! Fantastic! She looked over her shoulder with a dirty smile on her wicked face, making sure I was enjoying this as much as she was. I put her flat on her back, spread eagled her and fuck her dripping wet pussy in missionary position. She rubs her clit as I fucked her, begging me to please blow my creamy load all over her face, her open mouth and her titties so she could clean my cock with her tongue! 