My girlfriend is one of the hottest girls I have ever met, she’s always looking hot and constantly teasing me with her juicy bubble butt and her smoking hot body and she loves to tease me, flash her tits and her naked pussy and have sex in unexpected places! We are coming back from the pool and she’s wearing the skimpiest bikini, shaking her sexy ass and enticing me as she takes me to the rooftop where we are totally alone. By the look in her face I know she has something very dirty and naughty on her mind. She pulls her bikini bottom down her sexy thighs and flaunts that beautiful bubble shaped derrière as I whip out my throbbing hard member and shove it between her butt cheeks, penetrating and fucking her dripping wet pussy from behind as she leans over. I bang her hard and she looks over her shoulder to enjoy the expression of lust and pleasure on my face as I bury my member deep inside that tasty wet snatch. My naked GF gets down on her knees, sucking and stroking my hard rock hard erection, swallowing it whole, licking and sucking on my balls, they are a succulent snack for her. We go back to our apartment and I walked behind her as she strips naked on her way to the bedroom. She crawls over the bed, teasing me with that perfect butt and that juicy slit formed by her cunt. My babe has very nice pussy. I slapped her ass, penetrating and fucking her doggie style from behind, making her scream with pleasure. I grab her by her shoulders, pushing her against me, burying my hard cock deep inside her cunt, hearing her moan and grunt and scream out loud. I lie flat on my back so she can straddle herself on top, impaling her dripping wet pussy on my hard cock and making her heavenly body bounce up and down my erection as she rides me hard and fast. I love watching her reflection against the closet mirrors when she is on top of my dick, she looks so fucking hot and sexy! I fuck her in reverse cowgirl, rubbing her snatch as her big tits bounce up and down and finish her off in missionary, squeezing her tits while I blow my load into her. Lots and lot of cum shot out of me and into her hot twat it is all over her belly. I gave her so much plesure and we fell asleap with my penis inside her. 