My sexy brunette stepsister swears that I sleep walk, visiting her at night. I don’t believe her so she decided to set up a camera and proof to me that I was sleepwalking! As I watched the footage the next day, all I so was my stepsister in a sexy pair of panties talking with a friend on the phone. Yeah, she looked hot as fuck, but that doesn’t make her any less of a liar. Right when I was about to call her up on her shit, the bedroom door opens and there I am… fucking shit, she wasn’t lying! I sleep walked my way to her bed and started groping her juicy bubble ass! I pulled her top and grabbed her titties as she continued walking her friend through the happenings on the phone! I leaned over and started sucking on her nipples, pulling out my throbbing member and popping it in her wet, hot mouth! As shocked as I was watching the footage, I couldn’t help noticing that it wasn’t like my stepsister wasn’t enjoying it! She was going down on my cock like it was the most delicious piece of meat on the house! Still on the phone with her friend, she sucked my dick with her eyes closed, moaning and making loud sucking noises as she gave me head. Still in my sleep, I turned her over, down on her hands and knees, pulling out her pink lace panties which were soaking wet and ramming my hard cock between her dripping wet pussy lips, fucking her hard from behind. Her pussy juice dripped off of my dick as I plunged it in and out of her. There was a squishing sound every time I humped her. I was motherfucking fucking my very own stepsister and she was motherfucking enjoying it! While I fucked her from behind I reached under her tank top, groping, fondling and squeezing her big tits. After fucking her from behind, I flipped her over like a pancake, pulling her against me as I fucked her in missionary position. The dirty little slut rubbed her clit while I pounded her tight pussy, telling her friend on the phone how big and hard my cock felt inside her how much she enjoyed getting fucked by me! As I fucked her harder, deeper and faster I realized that I was going to cum but i continued to fuck her, unable to stop, blowing my load inside her!!! She said she could feel my cum hitting her belly inside and she liked it. I came into her leaving a sticky creampie oozing from her pussy! She let it drip down her body and then spread it all over her skin like jam. Hey, at least she didn’t asked me to stop visiting her bedroom in my sleep, LOL!   Sis Loves Me gives you all exclusive and uncensored access to the best selection of stepsibling sex videos featuring naughty young girls doing it all with their horny step brothers’ hard cocks! These cock craving, cum loving stepsisters get caught on film while stripping in front of their step brothers, jerking them off, masturbating with their step brothers, sucking their stepbrother’s cocks, getting bent over and fucked in all their wet, tight holes and swallowing all the hot cum their stepbrothers have to give them! Don’t miss all these sneaky sex scenes with these girls getting fucked in the middle of the night when everybody is sleeping and waking up in the puddle of cum in the morning. You won’t believe all these naughty step sisters are willing to do to pleasure their step brothers!