This beautiful brunette babe puts on her sexiest white lace lingerie and stockings to have her first sex with her new boyfriend. She crawled on her bed towards him, softly and passionately kissing his lips and neck, reaching over and massaging the throbbing bulge between his legs over his slacks. The excitement is such, that her boyfriend blows his load on the spot, rushing to the bathroom, where his girlfriend’s stepmom is taking a hot bubble bath. When he realizes he’s not alone he feels even more ashamed and embarrassed. He is feeling quite vulnerable, but his girlfriend’s stepmom is ready to make them feel much better. The naked woman pulls him against her soaped up body and kisses him, getting down on her knees, sucking and stroking his once again fully erect member. His girlfriend walks into the bathroom, totally turned on by the situation, and eager to join them in a hot threesome. After all, what better way to have first sex and to build up her boyfriend’s self-esteem than having two smoking hot girls sucking and stroking his big hard cock at the same time? The MILF guides her to deep throating her boyfriend’s erection, making loud sucking noises as she tries to take it all. She doesn’t mind him blowing his load prematurely, because she knows the second erection is always so much bigger and harder and long-lasting than the first and she plans to enjoy it with her sexy step mother. Naked girls give him a double blowjob and after that her stepmom continues sucking his cock as the girlfriend gets down on her hands and knees ready to get penetrated from behind on the bathroom floor by her boyfriend. She welcomes his hard cock inside her as he fucks her doggie style with her stepmom watching them fuck, that’s so hot! They kiss and after getting fucked, she’s eager for her stepmom to straddle herself atop her boyfriend’s hard cock and impale her mature pussy on it so she can also see them fucking. The sexy babe rubs her pussy and plays with her big tits while sucking on her boyfriend’s hard cock to keep it well lubed for her stepmom’s cunt. She loves sharing with them both. Her boyfriend lies on the floor and two naked girls take turns riding on his hard cock and his face, fucking perfection! At the end he cums into his sexy girlfriend and lets the stepmom drink all the sperm that flows from her vagina. 