Today is my birthday and my sexy blond girlfriend is helping me celebrate and after blowing out the candle on my birthday cupcake, she’s naked and down on her knees, blowing my hard cock! My dick is so long she can stroke it with both hands, a dirty smile on her sexy face as she drools all over it and spreads it with her tiny little hands. I love being able to look down at my gf’s face, hold her tight and look her right in the eyes when she’s sucking my cock and licking my balls. I pinch her perky nipples and tug on them. I know My girlfriend wants more so I’m going to put my huge penis inside of her and fuck her to death. She stands and turns over, teasing me with her juicy little bubble butt as she sits on my cock and lets it slide deep inside her narrow cunt. My girl is strapped with a perfect body and phat juicy pussy. I spread her butt cheeks with my hands as she pushes herself up and down my long shaft, taking it all in. I make her lie flat on her back on the couch, spread eagled. She sees that she can’t get my huge cock in her deeper so she opens her legs wide open with both hands and I begin to rub her clit with my hand. When I touches it she lets out a big moan “OOOHHH MORE MORRREEEEEE!!!” I pushes my cock even harder against it, hearing her moan and grunt with lust and desire as I bang her hard. She wraps her legs around my waiste and let my 11 inches go almost all go inside of her until her pubic bone is against mine. I push hard further into her and she reaches her own loud and explosive orgasm. She is looking in my eyes, moaning with that mixture of pleasure and pain. I rub her muff while I drill her with my thick cock, rubbing her pussy lips with the tip of my dick. I pushed it back inside her and hold her legs spread as they continue to pound her harder, faster and deeper. I make her get down on her hands and knees so that I can fuck her doggie style from behind. I slap her ass with my hard cock and she places her feet against my thighs, using them to push her juicy bubble butt against my hard cock. I just keep banging her in many different positions, fucking the inside of her stomach, making her suck and stroke my hard cock so she can keep it lubed with her saliva. My petite girlfriend loves riding on my dick and when it’s my birthday I get to choose in which positions I want to fuck her and for how long. She just enjoys the ride and having my big throbbing member stuffing her wet fuck holes. I start jack hammering my cock in and out of her as fast as I could. I can feel the hot cum boiling in my balls, ready to be released but I want to keep banging my sexy little fuck slut for a bit longer until I am ready to blow my load all over that pretty little face and her open mouth and watching her swallow every single drop. My sperm rushes out like a shaken up bottle of soda, my girlfriend moans sucking me up until my cock can’t cum any more.   Every part on this tiny woman’s body all natural, just the way we love it. Lovely small frame with a fat pussy what more can you ask for. If you like jerking it to 18 year old small girls getting fucked hard by huge cocks and blasted with cum you can do what every other guy like you is doing, joining DontBreakMe and checking out all the young hot girls that get their dripping wet fuck holes pounded hard right here! Daddy told these girls, find a job you love but their interests are huge cocks and fucking, fucking, and then fucking some more. Teen girls line up at their office ready to try the biggest cocks in porn!