I hadn’t seen my sexy stepsister for a long time but now that she’s back from her summer vacation she’s looking hotter and sexier than ever! I can’t help notice that there’s something different in the way she looks at me. There’s some kind of longing or wanting in her eyes. I could almost say it’s a lusting! The sexual tension is definitely there and it doesn’t take long to break. What begins as playful flirting quickly builds up and she’s leaning against the window with her dress hiked up her waist, her panties exposed as I grope and fondle her juicy bubble butt. My stepsis is a totally hot young lady with a fabulous bootyful rear end. You can notice how incredibly long and slim her legs are and that my step sister has a surprisingly shapely ass for such a slim girl. She strips down to her red lace panties and gets on her bed, peeling them off her body, exposing the crack of her ass inch by inch and the beautiful contour of her bubble shaped ass. She gets her two hands wrapped around behind her sexy ass and just spreads her ass cheeks open for me. She loves teasing me with her asshole and her semi parted slit. There is no turning back. My cock is nearly bursting out at this point. She gets down on her knees and begins sucking and stroking my big throbbing member. My sexy step sister begins to suck the tip of my cock and my balls, making me lose my breath a little. After getting head from my stepsister I lay flat on my back on her bed and she straddles herself on my lap, guiding my big hard cock into her dripping wet snatch until she’s totally impaled on it. Then the hot babe pushes her body up and down, riding me in cowgirl position. I press her body against mine, pounding her hard, making her moan and grunt, screaming at the top of her lungs since our parents are not in the house. Seeing her naked with her legs spread open right in front of me just drives me wild. I fuck her in missionary position while she rubs her pussy, begging me to fuck her as hard as I can till I cum. This is unbelievable. Her pussy, her face, her small titties were just so damn beautiful. I just let it all go up inside of her. 