This sexy chick had a huge singing recital, and really needed her voice to be in the best possible shape and her best friend gave her some unusual advice, massaging her vocal glands with a good deepthroat, stretch her mouth out with the biggest cock she can find and swallow fresh warm cum to get the perfect voice for the upcoming recital in school. She liked the idea, after all, the only thing she loves more than singing is sucking cock, but the only guy around was her stepdad. She decided to give it a go as soon as she saw her stepdad walking out of the shower with nothing more than a towel wrapped around his body. Good thing her mom wasn’t around, so they wouldn’t have any interruptions. He seemed hesitant at first, but she made him remember he promised to do anything to help her with her singing, and this counts as anything, LOL! She was also very curious and quite turned on about sucking his cock! It was so fucking big, thick and hard! She was surprised she was actually able to fit it all in her mouth, deep throating it all the way down to his balls. She could actually feel his throbbing member massaging her vocal cords as she gave him head. His huge cock fucking her throat made her eyes water. Good thing it was so big, that way she would probably have an advantage against all the other girls in her school, she bet their stepdads’ cocks were not as big as hers! Now that her vocal glands were properly taken care of, she needed her step daddy to properly take care of her dripping wet pussy, she was feeling so fucking horny and the idea of getting her tight pussy impaled on his big hard cock made her feel so dirty! He thrust so hard, so deep in her, that her eyes rolled back into her head. Oooh, it felt good. He made her bounce up and down his long rod and he put her on her back, spread eagled her and pounded her dripping wet pussy in missionary position. She was pretty sure all this fucking would somehow help her vocal cords too, don’t you agree? He pounded her pussy relly hard, his dick went in and out in and out, and she was loving it. After fucking this petite girl in missionary and sideways he plowed her little pussy with her arms around his neck and her legs around his waist. He tried his best thrusting into her with full force. Then she sucked his penis covered with all her juices. As he blew his load right in her mouth, she could feel his hot cum softening her vocal cords as she drank his load, swallowing again and again! There was to much but she swallowed all. You can hear her moaning in pleasure as her mouth milked every spurt that shot out of this cock.   Download this amazing video to watch over and over and don’t miss more young naked girl in the best hardcore scenes ever! ExxxtraSmall is all about young teen girls getting their tiny pussies fucked, destroyed, stretched out and creampied by huge cocks! These girls seem so tiny, small, petite and fragile, you would think that they would break or get split into as they get pounded hard by these cocks in outrageous big dick versus tiny chick young porn videos! How the fuck this huge cock could fit into this tiny girl? It will be only one you question while watching all these small naked girls. The bigger the cock and the tinier the girl, the better the action!