Having a video game champ as a girlfriend seemed like a lot of fun at first, but not this guy is finding out about the cons in the relationship! He needs to fuck so bad, but she’s training for the next championship, and there is no way to get her off her video game. As she sits and plays, he desperately talks down on her pants, sinking his tongue between her luscious butt cheeks. She likes it when he’s so horny and she loves feeling his tongue wriggling in her asshole, but that doesn’t mean she’s going to get her concentration of the game, he can fuck her while she’s playing! He spreads her ass cheeks and tosses her salad, whipping out his throbbing erection and putting it in front of her face to see if he can get her attention, at least for a couple of minutes while the next level loads, LOL! She knows how he is what he gets like this, so she tries to multitask, playing her game while she blows his hard cock. Who knows, maybe having this distraction while she tries to play will improve her skills, videogame wise, LOL! She moans and grunts while she sucks his cock, but he can tell if she’s excited because of his throbbing member or because she’s reaching a new high score on the video game! Oh well, at least is getting his cock sucked, LOL! As she keeps playing, he rams his hard cock deep between her buttocks right inside her pussy and begins fucking her from behind. This finally gets her mind off her video game, at least for a while! He strips her naked and keeps banging her from behind, pulling her hair back while he fucks her. The sexy naked babe lies flat on her back on the floor and plays with her big juicy tits while he eats her out, tongue fucking her dripping wet slit. What a fantastic body, big tits, sexy legs, perfect ass. Her body is INSANE! You have watch this beauty get fucked every which way with her sexy curvy body. He lies on his back and the hot naked babe straddles herself on top, her juicy bubble butt facing his way as she impales her pussy on his joystick. Her big tits bounce up and down as she rides on his cock. He presses her body against his while pounding her tight cunt and finally blows his creamy load all over her face and her big tits! Don’t miss this guy blowing massive amounts of man juice all over her face and her big tits while she picks up the game again. So fucking hot! 