Ever since my next-door neighbor’s daughter turned 18 I just can’t help spying on her every time I see her swimming in the pool! She likes to swim topless and one day, since her dad was not around, I decided to skip the fence and approached her. She was eating an ice cream cone; licking it just like it was a cock, dirty little slut! She knew she was making my cock hard, I was pitching a fucking tent under my swimming trunks! I wanted to see more than just her titties and she was more than happy to give me a glimpse of her young lovely pussy. She turned over so I could also get a good look at that tight bubble shaped ass. I suck my erection was going to burst out of my pants! The teen girl spread her ass cheeks with her hands, showing me her tender little asshole, a perfectly shaped chocolate starfish. She was still licking her ice cream so I showed her something bigger, harder and thicker she could lick and suck all she wanted. The girl had never seen a cock before up close but she took it with her small hands and began stroking my throbbing cock. So sweet and tender, so cute and innocent looking… She had never sucked a guy before and she just wanted to try, taking licks from her ice cream and then sucking my sausage. I thought she would be mad, but she just smacked her lips and continued to suck. Her mouth was small but she tried her best to insert it completly. After giving me the best head ever I laid some towels by the shade and began fucking her dripping wet pussy with my hard cock. I couldn’t wait to put the head of my cock into her tight wet slit. It felt incredible! She spread her pink meaty pussy lips with her fingers so I could penetrate her virgin pussy. I started to thrust in and out faster and deeper. She was moning like crazy when I just ramed all 10 and a half inches of cock deep in her. After fucking her in missionary I lied flat on my back and small naked girl straddled herself on top and slid herself down on my big cock. Then she turned over, riding me with her amazing ass facing me and making her tight teen body bounce up and down my rod until I was ready to blow my load all over her! This small tit petite sweetie loveed to put her mouth around my big dick and get her tight pussy fucked!  