My sexy black girlfriend was getting the bedroom ready for her mother to come stay at the house for a week, for a full motherfucking week!!! Seven complete motherfucking days!!! 168 motherfucking hours!!! Can you believe that!?! I knew what that meant, I wasn’t going to get any for as long as she stayed, so I might as well get some before she arrived! After all, it was the least my hot black girlfriend could do for me in appreciation of me being such a nice son-in-law, LOL! I started playing with the beautiful dark chocolate perky nipples crowning her delicious mocha tits, she knows how much I love licking and sucking them. She even let me film her, she was against it at first, but she decided she wanted to do it, so I would have something to jerk off to while her mother stayed here, sensually stripping naked in front of the camera, giving me dirty looks as she teased me with her juicy brown bubble butt, nice ebony tits and dripping wet pink pussy. She got down on her knees, placed her hands on my thighs and began sucking my big throbbing member, making sexy sucking and popping sounds as she blew me. My black girlfriend loves my white dick. She stroked my shaft as she blew the tip of my cock, standing still so I could fuck her mouth with my throbbing member. She leaned against the edge of the bed, rubbing her dripping wet cunt as I filmed her, she looked so fucking hot and sexy, so naughty and dirty. I lied on bed and my hot babe straddled herself on top, impaling her pink clam on my big sausage, riding on my erection cowgirl style. Her crotch rubbing firmly against mine. I love watching her sexy ebony body bouncing up and down my lap. She crawled on her hands and knees, licking my dick and my balls. Then my naked black girl got on her back and I pulled her to the edge of the bed, spreading her legs and fucking her hard in missionary position. I got on my back again and she straddled herself back on my cock, this time riding me with her juicy bubble butt facing my way. My girlfriend is fire! Black chicks know how to lay down the pussy, ride, twerk, grind, they can work those hips. I knew it was going to be a very long week without being able to fuck my hot black baby so I blew a huge creamy load of hot cum all over her face and her body! 