This hot blond cougar brings her date back to her place so they can fuck, since her roommate is out of town for a couple of days. What she doesn’t know, is that her roommate’s daughter is staying over in the meantime! She gets down on all fours in bed as her date licks her pussy and ass from behind, sperading her ass cheeks with both hands. He sucks the erect nipples on her big bubble tits as she straddles herself on top and impales her dripping wet snatch on his big throbbing huge cock. He grabs her ass in his hands and pounds her good, making so much noise that her roommate’s daughter can actually hear them from the living room. She gets so turned on by their sex noises that one her hand slides down to her panties to her pussy slit and the girl starts to masturbate, rubbing her pussy under her lace panties and massaging her big tits with her top pulled over them. But just listening isn’t enough to get her off, she needs to watch them fuck, so she sneaks behind her bedroom door and masturbates herself as she watches them fucking. She crawls closer, masturbating practically by the edge of their bed, enjoying the view of his big cock going in and out of this naked woman. His cock is huge, his balls are perfect, she begins to rub her clit faster and faster with her hands. When the blond finds her masturbating to them, she invites her to join them in bed. After caught masturbating the girl is embarrassed at first, but the guy shows her his amazing dick and soon after, she is sucking it while the MILF is licking her pussy. She spreads her legs and eats her out while the naughty teen sucks her date’s big throbbing member. The blond sucks his cock and she licks his balls, then they offer her a ride on this huge cock. Naked girl stands over him and bends down, grabs his cock and guides it into her vagina. He pushes his very large dick in her very wet pussy and she starts crying as she goes up and down and it is getting deeper and deeper. The teen girl rides him while the naked woman watches them. Two naked girls suck his dick together, swallowing it in turns and pinching it between their mouths. The teen also gets fucked by him doggie style from behind with her wrists held behind the small of her back. The girls take turns getting their pussies pounded, until he cums all over her slutty face and the blond’s big tits and the girl licks it up. Very sexy babes having it together with a good cock to fill them both, great threesome! I’d like to see these three fuck while the roommate comes home, see her daughter fuck and join in! 