Her new roommate gives her his big hard cock as a house-warming gift! This sexy blond just moved in with her new roommate and she is busy playing video games on her bed when he comes over with a big welcome present: his huge throbbing member! She can’t believe how big and hard it is! It’s so nice of him to present her such a tasty housewarming gift and it’s been a long time since she had a nice, big, juicy cock inside her… She takes it in her small hands, opens her mouth, guides the ehad of his cock inside and begins sucking and stroking it, wondering if she can actually fit something so big inside her little pussy. This tiny girl handles a controller just as well as she handles his big cock. She sticks out her tongue and he rubs his huge cock all over her pretty face. Holding her head with both hands, he fucks her mouth and then makes her lie on the bed and keeps fucking her mouth standing over her face. He fucks her mouth while squatting over her and she likes it. He puts her flat on her belly, pulls her juicy bubble ass to the edge of the bed, pulls her thong aside and spreads her cute little ass cheeks, ready to show this little teen slut what hardcore sex is all about. Her pussy is small and he tries his best to insert his huge cock completly. His cock is too big for her pussy. She begins to moan and he makes his second attempt pushing his dick with more force inside and starts going in and out. He penetrates her dripping with pussy from behind and starts pounding her hard faster and faster. He tells the girl he wants to do it doggie style, which she has never heard of. He tells her to get on all fours, and stick her naked ass up into the air. He makes her get down on her hands and knees, slapping her juicy butt cheeks as she pushes her sexy ass back against his hard sausage. As he pounds her hard from behind, he pushes her body and face against the mattress, pinning her against it. He lies flat on his back and straddles her on top with her juicy bubble butt facing his way as he impales her dripping wet pussy on his throbbing erection, making her petite body bounce up and down his shaft as she rides him in reverse cowgirl. He is so incredibly deep inside her. He holds her by underneath her knees, raising her butt in the air as he plows it, rubbing her teen pussy and groping her young titties. She takes a short break from riding his cock so she can suck and stroke his member, drenching it in her warm saliva so it’s well lubed for her stretched out vagina. Then naked girl straddles herself back on top, this time facing his way, so he can see the dirty expression on her filthy face as she enjoys his big hard cock inside her pussy while riding him. He puts her on her back, spread eagles her and continues pumping her snatch with his hard cock in missionary position. She wraps her legs around him, and that drives her over the top, when he pumps her so hard to fuck her brain out. This girl is having so much orgasms she adds a difficulty to breath because she isn’t stoping screaming. As he blows his creamy load all over her cute face and her naked body she realizes that having the guy as a roommate is in such a bad idea after all, especially with a dick like his!   Don’t Break Me features cute and innocent teen girls that just turned 18 and are getting their tight little pussies stretched out and pounded hard by massive cocks in hard-core action! These naughty sluts have always been turned on by big dicks, and they want to feel them rammed down their throats, pussies and assholes and blasting hot sticky cum all over their dirty faces! Watch them gagging and choking on gargantuan erections as they try to deep throat their lover’s huge cocks! With new teen girls and big cock videos added all the time, Don’t Break Me is a can’t miss!