My brother’s wife decided to make a sex tape for her husband, jerking his throbbing member through the shower curtain in the bathroom. That’s all good, it’s important for a couple to keep their sexual life spicy and hot with little details like this. Problem was, unknown to my brother’s wife, it was me in the other side of the shower curtain, not her husband! I wasn’t sure how to bring it up to her, especially because she was giving me one hell of a handjob, and it’s not every day that you get a handjob from such a sexy babe! My brother’s wife had nice flowing hair, beautiful face, juicy ass and huge, beautiful 32DDD breast, I had always wanted to take a look at them, touch them, suck on her large nipples, cum on them ever since I saw her. It got more complicated when she got down on her knees, took my cock in her mouth and started sucking it, I couldn’t believe I was getting a blowjob from her! Holding my cock with one hand she pulled down her sexy thong with the other hand and I saw she was hairy! My brother’s wife had nice natural bush! Clean-shaved pussies are good but hairy twats are cool too. She was a real woman with natural bush, natural breasts, nice big areolas and nipples, I loved the natural hang and jiggle of her breasts. This was a woman as woman should be. The naked babe pushed her juicy bubble butt against my hard cock through the shower curtain and there I was, fucking her hairy pussy. As she took my hard cock in, she asked, still thinking I was her husband, if I was taking cock pills, since my dick was bigger, harder and thicker than usual, LOL! Awkward! I already had my dick inside her, so there was no turning back. I reached over and grabbed her big round tits, squeezing and groping them, they were so fucking big and yummy! I have always been turned on by my sister-in-law’s big tits and I was finally having the chance to feel them in my hands as I fucked her hard from behind. She went back to sucking my cock, saying how much she loved tasting her pussy on it… And that’s when she heard my brother from the other side of the bathroom door! When she realized it was me, and that her husband, was outside, her first instinct was to jump into the shower with me as he got inside I got himself ready for work. Now this is what I call a awkward situation! Knowing it was me didn’t stop this horny slut from getting down on her knees to keep sucking my hard cock in the shower. I even was fucking her while she was talking with him. WOW it was a fucking awesome and exciting! After he left for work, we went straight to her bedroom. SHe was naked and said I was a bad boy and she grabed my cock with both hands. I lied and said yes. She got close to me and started to rub her tits against my hard cock, and after that she placed my hands on her gorgeous tits, I squeezed it. She moaned in pleasure and it was so amazing. She asked me if she wanted to try out her hairy pussy and she pointed to her bush… The cheating wife turned over and places her juicy ass on my cock. Her ass looked absolutely amazing! I rammed my cock right into her bushy pubic hair and bagan fucking her so fast, she just moaned. I thought I would cum in a second, and she told me to slow down, she didn’t want me to cum before she enjoyed my cock. She was screaming, her big naturals were bouncing, my balls were slapping against her ass… I fucked her dripping wet pussy on the same bed she shares with my brother and pretty soon I was blowing my load all over her face and her amazing tits!   Yes, moore scenes like this.. I love sneaking and cheating! Having sex is hot, but having sex while sneaking around it even hotter and these sexy babes and hot studs get turned on by the idea of getting caught while having sneaky sex! Watch horny guys getting their cocks sucked by their best friend’s girlfriends or sexy sluts getting their pussies fucked hard by their mom’s new husbands or boyfriends! These sneaky sluts love getting their faces, big tits and juicy butts blasted with hot cum, wiping it off their bodies before they get caught! If you like sneaky sex, MOFOS has the very best porn for you, with exclusive videos and amateur girls!