Just take a look at these two naked girls! This dad and his brunette daughter make one hell of a poker team. They are always beating her best friend, a sexy blond, and her dad, and today her dad owes her friend’s dad a shit load of money! Yes, they may be best friends, but a poker debt is a poker debt. The blond knows her dad doesn’t have that kind of cash so she makes her friend’s dad a special proposal, settling his debt with a blowjob! He loves the idea and the naughty blond eagerly gets under the table so she can start sucking and stroking his big throbbing member. They keep playing, though it’s kind of hard for him to keep a poker face when he had his best friend’s daughter sucking his cock under the poker table, LOL! He wants to fuck the young sexy blond, but the only way she’s having that is if he lets her dad fucks his sexy brunette daughter! She always had this fantasy about fucking an older guy, so the deal is sealed and a horny dads make their daughter swap official! The blond gets her legs spread wide open on the black leather couch and her dripping with pussy eaten out by her best friend’s daddy and he starts fucking her in missionary position. In the meantime her best friend is busy with her dad, sucking and stroking his big hard cock in the bedroom. She’s not such a big poker fan, but if the games are going to end like this, poker may become her favorite game ever! Sucking her best friend’s dad’s hard cock and massaging his balls in her hands is such a big turn on and the teen girl can actually hear her daddy fucking her best friend downstairs and it turns her on even more. The blond is riding on that big hard cock and the brunette is getting her pussy licked and tongue fucked. Her best friend’s dad has a delicious cock and it feels fabulous pounding her dripping wet gash. She rubs her pussy while he’s fucking her and she hopes her dad is giving her best friend as much pleasure as her dad is giving her. Both naked girls get their pussies fucked in all sex positions. Pretty soon each dad is blowing his creamy load all over their swapped daughters’ faces. From now on their poker games are going to get so much more interesting! 