When this guy finds out that his daughter’s best friend, a spunky blond teen, has heart shaped nipples he needs to see them to believe it! She’s more than happy to let him take a look, but now that he’s seen her titties, it’s only fair that she gets to see his cock. She’s heard the rumors, the girls say her best friend’s father has a huge dick, and soon this young teen girl discovers that the rumors are true, when his huge penis falls right on her cute face! This guy has the biggest cock she had ever seen in her entire life! She knows that his dick is definitely too big for her, but she still wants it, so she takes it in her hands and devours it, sucking and stroking it, feeling how it gets even bigger and harder as she plays with it. It’s amazing! He holds her head still and fucks her mouth and she makes sexy noises as she tries to swallow his cock. He rubs his erection all over her pretty face and leaves it drenched in her saliva and his precum, nasty and fucking hot! The young girl drools all over it, thick ropes of saliva dripping from the tip of his dick and from her chin. After fucking her mouth the girl spreads her legs and pulls her wet panties aside so he can pound her tight pussy with that massive erection and fill her up. This girl wonders what it will feel like to have his huge cock inside her little pussy which tingles at the thought. Would this enormous erection fit inside her? He rubs the head of his dick between her pink pussy lips and then tries to insert this enormous hard-on inside. He’s only managed to put the first five inches in her tight pussy, but she’s moaning with pleasure. He presses his huge cock farther into her petite body. His cock is pumping in and out of her little pussy, fucking her hard and fast, filling her vagina way past the point of full. He lies flat on his back and naked girl straddled herself on top, slowly impaling her wet snatch on his meat pole and making her body bounce up and down his long shaft. After riding him in reverse cowgirl she’s ready to get his hot and sticky cum blasted all over her titties and her heart shaped nipples! 