I met this hot girl online and I was totally mesmerized by her amazing juicy pussy. The way she played with it in front of her WebCam while we had cyber sex was really hot, but I knew it would get even better when she agreed to pass by my place so we could actually meet face-to-face and I could get a much closer look at that beautiful snatch of hers. As soon as she came to my place she didn’t lose any time dropping her panties and giving me a good look at her cunt, topped off with a sexy triangular patch of pubic hair. She had a really nice pussy, with large, swollen lips. I cracked up when she told me that her pussy looks like Homer Simpson’s mouth, LOL! I gave her an ice cream pop to suck on by what she really wanted to suck on was my big 11 inch cock. She couldn’t believe how fucking big it was as she began sucking on both her pop and my dick. She jerked my rod while licking and sucking on my balls, popping them into her mouth, she looked so freaking sexy! She gagged and choked as she attempted to deep throat my erection, managing to fit three quarters of it into her mouth before her gag reflex kicked in. She looked up at me with a pleading expression. “Would you fuck my wet pussy?” I made her bend over and leans against my dick, snuggling my boner in the crack of her ass and between her juicy buns. She pushed her naked ass against my cock, letting me know how bad she wanted it inside her. I’m a pleaser so that’s exactly what I gave her, ramming my gargantuan erection deep inside her tight cunt and making her squeal like a pig as I fucked her brains out. Her big pussy was more wet and tight than I could imagine. I put her down on her hands and knees so I could bang her doggie style from behind and I even gave her tender little asshole a good rimming, fucking her with my tongue. Dirty little bitch really liked that shit. I put her on her back, spread eagled her and jammed my thick member inside her once again, spreading her meaty pussy lips as I fucked her in missionary position. She rubbed her clit while I fucked her and in a matter of minutes this dirty little slut was squirting like a fountain, squirting pussy juices all over my cock! I violently pumped my cock in and out of her wet twat. She was overjoyed, having one squirting orgasm after another. The crazy slut was literally cumming all over me. Her cum was dripping off my balls, she was so wet. This babe was unbelievable in the way she rode my cock, riding me slower then faster, moving my hip in circular motion, then riding my cock furiously! Her pussy muscles tightened around my cock. I came in her again with another huge load!!! 