What about a juicy ass for dessert? Just look at the way this guy runs to his girlfriend’s open arms. He is definitely in love with her, or rather he is in love with her gorgeous booty! I mean, this chick is hot! A fabulous body, big tits and a juicy bubble shaped butt, the whole package! He hugs her buns and kisses them softly over her yoga pants, he’s so happy they are back, he missed them so much! He needs to tell them how much he loves them and cares for them! He takes her to the shade by the pool and makes his sexy girlfriend pull down her pants, spread her buttocks with both hands and sit on his face so she can smother him with her luscious ass, rubbing her ass crack and asshole against his nose and mouth. He licks her ass crack, moving his tongue up and down from her asshole, through her wet slit to her clit. His tongue slips into her and she instinctively spreads her ass as much as possible. He rims her asshole and she pushes her juicy ass against his face, totally turned on. His girlfriend loves it, she wiggles her booty so he can get his tongue in all the right places and not miss any nook or cranny in either her pussy or her asshole. She turns over and sits on his face again, this time facing his way so she can see the look on his face as he eats her out. His tongue darts in and out of her asshole, stretching her anal sphincter while he reaches over, groping and squeezing her big tits over her tank top. They both get naked and his hot girlfriend gets down on her hands and knees so he can feed her his hard cock. She sucks and strokes it and he holds her head still while fucking her mouth, ramming his throbbing erection deep down her throat. He turns her over and starts fucking her dripping with pussy doggie style from behind. “Oh, that cock is so fucking good!” She yells as he fucks her. After banging her doggie style he gets on his back so she can straddle herself on top, impaling his sausage on her clam and riding him cowgirl style, her big tits bouncing up and down. Hot naked babe flips over and keeps riding him, her sexy bubble shaped ass facing his way as he holds her by her hips, pushing her body up and down his cock until he’s ready to blow his creamy load all over his beautiful girlfriend big round bubble shaped ass, his favorite part of her! 