This guy is having a romantic movie night with his hot girlfriend, making out with her as they watch a sizzling hot erotic thriller. They are both getting very turned on, he’s fondling her beautiful breasts and sucking on her puffy nipples and she’s stroking his throbbing erection on the living room couch. When her beautiful blond mature stepmom walks in, the teens act as if they were not doing anything wrong, but she knows better than that, after all, it wasn’t that long ago that she was in their place. She knows what it feels like to be young, in love and very, very horny! But this hot teen can’t keep her hands off his big cock, she puts her hand under the blanket and starts rubbing his balls and jerking off his cock. They are both comfortable and so turned on with this regardless of the fact the stepmom is sitting a few feet away. He puts his hand under the blanket too and caresses between her legs, fingering his girlfriend’s wet pussy. When the woman finally sees what’s going on, she is just disappointed that her step-daughter has never given a good blowjob to such a fine cock, so she decides to turn their romantic movie night into a hot threesome! She takes his hard member in her skilled hands and pops it into her dripping wet mouth, sucking and licking it like a pro, feeling it throbbing in her throat as she takes it all in. He teaches her stepdaughter how to give her man a blowjob, both of them licking his delicious sausage together. The girls wrap his cock around her big tits and massage it, he’s so fucking lucky that both his girlfriend and her stepmom have really big tits, what more can he ask for! The woman gets naked and spreads her step daughter’s legs so her boyfriend can eat her out, licking, sucking and fucking her slit with his tongue. He takes his hard cock and shoves it inside, pounding her mound with his big dick while her stepmom watches them. He pops his cock between his girlfriend’s tits and she gives him a boob job while her stepmom gives him a blowjob. These two naked women are so hot, both with big tits! He gets to fuck the mature blond too, she straddles herself on his cock and rides him, making her big tits and her juicy ass bounce up and down. His girlfriend rubs his balls and licks her stepmom’s nipples, watching watching his red shaft going in and out of her twat. Naked girls take turns riding his dick until he’s ready to cum all over them! 