Working in the cell section at the police station really sucks, since it’s usually a sausage party, but once in a while, it gets really interesting. Last night, they brought in this really hot blond babe and I was more than happy to escort her to her cell. She looked fucking hot in her orange prison uniform. A couple of hours later she called me, looks like she was feeling lonely, since we didn’t have any other perps that night. Nasty little bitch lifted her top and started rubbing her firm tits against the cell bars and I could see her nipples getting all puffy and hard as they graced against the cold steel bars. Fuck, her nipples weren’t the only thing getting hard in the room, LOL! I began pinching them and she started stripping and teasing me from her side of the cell. Good thing we were alone and I knew we weren’t going to have any interruptions. She bent over, pulled her thong aside and pushed her juicy bubble butt against the bars, showing me her little asshole and her dripping wet pussy. I started finger fucking her cunt between the bars and the nasty little blond bitch pushed her juicy bubble butt against the bars and my fingers, urging me to finger fuck her very hard by letting me know at the same time that she would much rather have my big hard cock inside her instead of my fingers. When she started licking, sucking and stroking the prison cell bars, I could no longer resist so I whipped out my throbbing member and stuck it between the bars as she took it in her hands and began sucking and stroking it, playing with my balls. She kept on sucking, looking up and smiling at me. My cock almost shot huge spurts of cum into her mouth. She said “I WANT YOU TO FUCK ME NOW!” She bent over, pushing her bubble butt against the bars as I popped my cock deep inside her dripping wet pussy, fucking her doggie style from behind. I fetched her cell keys and fucked her from behind with her down on her hands and knees on her bunk. I lied on my back and she sat over me, sliding her wet pussy onto my cock until I was deep inside her. She was moaning, screaming with pleasure, cumming so loud. It turned me on, knowing that my hard cock could give a woman so much pleasure. Watching her juicy bubble butt bouncing up and down my cock turned me on so much that pretty soon I was blowing my load all over her dirty face! It was the most wonderful experience of my life. 