When this beautiful blond teen girl confided in her mother how she was having sexual thoughts about women, she immediately sent her to a therapist. The mature and beautiful therapist attentively listened to her in a comforting, open and nonjudgmental manner. She understood the young girl’s curiosity she was more than willing to guide her through her very first lesbian experience with her as soon as she noticed how sexually drawn her young patient was to her. All the conversation about lesbian sex and naked women, the therapist removed her blouse, exposing her beautiful big tits in a sexy black lace bra. As the girls kissed passionately, the blonde’s hands were all over her boobs and her thighs, cupping her tits in her hands, fondling and pressing them tight. The hot mature woman pulled her tits over her bra so the teen girl could suck on her nipples and satisfy her oral fixation and make up for her mom not breast-feeding her enough when she was little. The beautiful woman kissed her gently on her forehead while she sucked on her nipples and fondled her big tits, it felt so fucking hot. Soon the therapist had her legs spread wide open and her dripping wet snatch exposed for her patient to explore freely with her curious fingers and tongue. The girl has never eaten pussy before but she attacked her with such passion, her inexpirence didn’t matter, her tongue and her lips made the mature woman cum after about one minute. She pushed her tongue in and out as she tasted her juices flowing into her mouth. She loved the flavor of my pussy in her mouth. She ate her out while the woman pressed her big tits together and experienced an intense orgasm. She kissed the blond on the lips, swapping tongue with her and tasting her dripping wet pussy on her. “I want to taste you, honey. Please let me taste your young pussy.” Now it was her turn to strip her naked, to caress her body, to fondle her tits, suck on her puffy nipples and spread her legs wide open, exploring every nook and cranny of her young, teen pussy and her airtight asshole with her smooth silky tongue. Totally naked the girls made out while mutually masturbating each other, rubbing and fingering their pussies. Two naked girls were masturbating lying next to each other with their legs spread, so hot. The lesbian spread girl’s legs on the couch and ate her out, her experience tongue and oral skills making her cum over and over, each time wanting more and more. She decided to show the young lesbian a few things which would help her in her future sexual liaisons with the same sex. Then naked woman made the young girl lie on her back and play with herself as she sat on her face so she could eat her out! She was moaning and screaming with her tongue deep inside her vagina. The mature lesbian spread her ass cheeks slowly and her mouth moved to her asshole. The tip of her tongue right into her anus. Her teen ass was so inviting she couldn’t help but stick her tongue in her asshole. Always irrestible to watch a woman stick her tongue up other women’s tight asses. This girl was so happy with her mom for deciding to send her to see this beautiful therapist and make her hot lesbian fantasies become a reality! 