It’s their first day in college and what better way to fit in and start making friends than having a wild sex party in the dorm room! This beautiful brunette is totally naked and spread eagled over a desk, getting to know this guy’s hard cock as she gets her dripping with pussy pounded hard by it. As far as first impressions go, she’s pretty impressed, LOL! She fondles her tits and bites her lip as her lover fucks her cunt and rubs her clit. She thought she would have a hard time fitting in but right now she’s the center of attention and everybody in the dorm room is watching her fuck and cheering her on. They even take video of her rubbing her pussy while she gets fucked by her lover. She gets turned on by their dirty comments, while on the bunk bed a sexy brunette with a juicy bubble butt and her blond friend play together. The blond pulls down her thong, kisses her naked ass and rubs her dripping wet cunt, sliding her fingers up and down her pink slit. The brunette looks over her shoulders, smiling as she feels the blond smooth tongue exploring the insides of her pussy. This girl had a really long tongue as she knows how to use it on her new girlfriend while below them the sexy brunette is still getting her pussy pumped by her lover’s hard cock. He pounds her hard and fast, then slowly rubs his head up and down her wet lips and keeps fucking her hardcore. They change positions and she gets bent over, penetrated and fucked from behind as he spreads her juicy butt cheeks with his hands, exposing her ass crack and her delightful little asshole to everyone in the room. On the bunk bed, two naked girls keep licking and sucking each other’s wet pussies. The brunette has taken charge, spreading the blond’s long legs and eating her out, diving deep between her pussy lips. The naked girl on the desk makes her lover sit on the chair, straddling herself on top and impaling her dripping with pussy on his throbbing member, pushing her body up and down as her big tits and juicy bubble butt bounce as she rides him. The blond is back on top, fingering and licking her lesbian friends dripping wet clam while the hottest slut on campus keeps riding that cock, getting her sexy naked back caressed by one of the guys watching her. The lesbian girls stop so they can watch the naughty couple fucking on the brunette getting jizzed by her guy! You have to see this awesome dorm orgy as naked girls get their pussies drilled, licked and filled with everyone watches, super hot!! Tits, asses, pussies, naked girls are everywhere! Fire fire fire!   This amazing porn site invites you to meet the hottest, sexiest and dirtiest college sluts and coeds at Campus, dropping their panties and ready to lick pussy and eat hard cock in wild sex parties and dorm room sex bashes that simply have to be seen to be believed! College is the time to experiment. Their parents sent them to College to study, but these naughty college girls are far too busy getting naked, masturbating, having hot lesbian sex, sucking hard cocks, getting fucked very hard and receiving creamy cumshots and facials! With new user submitted and real college amateur girls added all the time, you just don’t wanna miss out on the best college porn!