“Okay, so I know this is a little weird, but…” Yeah, those were my teen neighbor’s opening words as she snuck into my apartment with her camera in tow. You see, her plan was to sneak in and leave a hot amateur sex tape for me while my girlfriend was not at home. Like most young girls, I know this teen stared at the bulge in my pants all the time and even flirted with me many times. Then this teen slut said that she had always wanted a older guy to fuck her hard and make her scream. She showed her titties on camera and then pulled her thong, exposing her juicy bubble butt! It was insane teenage lust! Her hand slipped between her legs and caressed her wet pussy. As she filmed herself, passing her hands all over her body and telling me how much she wished I was there to fuck her, fondling her tits and rubbing her dripping with pussy under her shorts, spreading her ass and showing off all her private parts in front of the camera, masturbating herself for me, she didn’t count on me returning back home earlier than usual! It actually took me some minutes to notice her hiding behind my kitchen counter, half naked and rubbing her pussy. Honestly, I was pissed at her for breaking into my house like that, but at the same time, it’s pretty hard to stay mad at a hot babe like her when she’s half naked and playing with herself, so instead of following my head I decided to follow my cock which was already throbbing hard under my shorts. The naughty girl was craving for a good fuck so I pulled down my pants and showed her my huge cock. Her eyes got wide in surprise at how large my cock was, and then she continued moaning about how much she loved me and want me to fuck her hard. She took my huge cock in her hands and began stroking it, she said she had never tasted cock before but wanted to pleasure me with her mouth and tongue. She was getting horny as hell, it was incredible. She began by wrapping her lips around the tip and flicking her tongue over the head then sucking it like crazy. This little girl was a pretty good cock sucker. I slapped her cute face with my dick and it got even hotter when I noticed her video camera filming us. I held her face steady with my hands and fucked her little mouth with my throbbing erection, ramming it deep down her throat. She was in heaven. She’s got a gorgeous face, long hair, an incredible body, perky tits, a really beautiful pussy and a willingness to do anything. I bent her over and shoved my tongue up her tight little asshole and her silky smooth, hairless and flawless pussy. I saw her eyes rolled back and her mouth opened wide when my monster dick entered her slowly from behind. Her pussy muscles tightened around me. Her juices were running down her thighs, It felt so good. I grabed her ass with my hands and ram my hard cock deep inside her cunt! She was bitting her lip to stop from screaming when my huge cock slid deep inside her vagina. I must have stretched her pussy good. I stuffed her mouth with her soaked panties while fucking her hard, spreading her legs over the kitchen counter and plowing her in missionary position.   I must admit, my next-door neighbor was turning out to be a much hotter fuck than my girlfriend! The hot teen got back on her knees so she could keep sucking on my hard cock, tasting her pussy on my dick and my balls. Looking into my eyes the young naked girl straddled me and slowly sat down on me, started to ride my raging hard-on very hard. She pushed her sexy naked body up and down my hard cock and I started jack hammering my cock in and out of her as fast as I could. I kept pounding that young pussy until I was ready to cum. I felt the walls of her tight little cunt clamp around my cock in an orgasm, and I blew my load, she was trembling and shaking as the cum rushed out of her pussy.