My sexy stepsister was getting ready for a date with her boyfriend and she was shaving her pussy in the bathroom when I walked in on her by accident. She was angry at first but after a while she called me over, showing me the outfits she planned to wear for the date. Her outfits are always so delete skimpy and tight and she seemed to be having a good time teasing me, even going as far as pulling her top over her beautiful big tits, enticing me with those hard and fully erect nipples. She had the most incredible tits I had ever seen, big, succulent, yummy! She even let me touch them and I could feel her nipples getting even harder as I played with them. I still wanted to see her shaved pussy since I had only been able to catch a glimpse earlier in the bathroom and now she was more than happy to let me take a much closer look. It was the first time I had seen my step sister naked. She smiled with pleasure, one my hand was caressing her firm breasts with the other was moving towards her shaved pussy. I rubbed her wet slit with my fingers and I could tell she was really getting turned on by this. She was so wet I could see her juices running down the inside of her thigh. I made her turn over and she wiggled her tight and juicy bubble butt, showing me her delicious asshole as I grabbed her butt cheeks, squeezing them and spreading them wide open, exposing the crack of her ass. Her pussy lips were swollen and I looked straight into her pink wet slit. My sexy step sister was so horny now, she wanted me to fuck her so bad. She took me back to her bedroom and got down on all fours on her bed, begging me to ram my throbbing cock deep inside her dripping with pussy and to fuck her very hard. She lifted her beautiful naked ass slightly and the next thing I knew I was inside her. My slutty step sister pushed her juicy bubble butt against my cock, making it sink deep inside her snatch. She told me that my cock was much bigger and harder than her boyfriend’s and that she had spied on me many times and masturbated fantasizing about getting fucked by me. She was glad that he was finally coming through, and so was I! After fucking her from behind I lied on my back and my naked step sister stood right over me. My cock was standing up hard in the air and she hovered her pussy just above the crown of my cock then lowered herself on to it. Her pussy was so tight! She was riding me, making her fabulous big tits bounce up and down. I began kissing her gorgeous tits, caressing her nipples with my mouth. Her shaved pussy felt so fucking soft as I fingered her clit and kept drilling her, fucking her in reverse cowgirl and missionary. I started feeling like i was going to cum in her warm, wet tight little pussy and started pounding her faster, she started groaning and said dont stop… please dont stop… so I didn’t! My cum shot like a cannon inside her and I felt her pussy clenched tightly around my cock, she was cumming too. After our first time, we spent the summer fucking wherever we could: in the bathroom, right in my bed at night while our parents were sleeping, behind the bushes in our back yard. She even learned her favorite sex position — she on top — as she loved to ride me when I fondle her breasts.   Big brother is always watching, and at Sis Loves Me, these naughty stepsisters just love having their horny stepbrothers spying on them as they shower or masturbate! Watch them stripping naked for them, showing off their hot naked bodies, their big tits, juicy bubble butts and dripping wet cunts! All they wanna do is to suck and stroke their stepbrother’s big juicy cocks and to get their faces and mouths splattered with their hot sticky spunk after they get their tight pussies and assholes pounded very hard by them in hardcore stepbrother on stepsister action that will make you hard!