This beautiful girlfriend in sexy black lace lingerie has a very special surprise for her boyfriend in celebration of their anniversary. She has invited her best friend to join them in bed and he is delighted when she calls her over and she comes crawling to their bed in sexy purple lingerie. His girlfriend starts making out with her, but the boyfriend interrupts the girls. As it turns out, he also thought of a very special surprise for her! As it turns out he invited his best friend over to, and he just so happens to be her best friend’s boyfriend too. It looks like this is going to be a hot boyfriend and girlfriend swap party! Her best friend helps strip her naked while playing with her dripping with pussy, each of their boyfriends gently caressing their soft naked bodies while the naked girls all play together in bed. Both are uniquely beautiful in their own way, and each has a stunning body. The boyfriend kisses her as her best friend spreads her legs and begins eating her out. The girls swap couples right away, she devours her best friend’s boyfriend’s big juicy cock while her best friend takes care of her boyfriend’s big throbbing erection, licking and sucking it like a lollipop. They get turned on watching them pleasuring their respective boyfriends, this anniversary celebration is turning out much better than they could have imagined! The guys spread their legs, licking and finger fucking their tight little cunts, making their girls moan and grunt with wild pleasure. He likes eating this wet pussy and watching another guy lick his girlfriend’s pussy to bliss as well. Two naked girls straddle themselves atop of their horny boyfriends, impaling their dripping wet pussies on their rock hard cocks and riding them together in perfect synchronicity. A reverse cowgirl cock riding contest left these girls with wet pussies and aching for more. Naked girls swap lovers so they can all enjoy fucking each other until the guys are ready to cum and blow their loads all over their sexy girlfriends! Both absolutely love to suck cock, ride cock and get covered with hot cum. Download this amazing threesome with stunning blonde Anya and the gorgeous, raven-haired Caprice. 