It’s a sunny day and this guy is hanging out with his buddy and playing cards as they usually do every weekend, but this weekend is a little bit different. You see, his buddy’s daughter is visiting from the weekend. He knows her since she was a little girl but now she is all grown up. She’s in college and is looking hotter than ever. She sunbathes by the pool in her sexy bikini while they are playing cards and he can’t stop looking at her and notices that she’s checking him out too. She gets up and goes back in the house and after a while, he comes up with an excuse and leaves his buddy by the pool, heading straight to her bedroom, where she is waiting for him on her bed. He knows you’re not supposed to fuck your best friend’s hot teen daughter, but these opportunities don’t come around very often and you have to take advantage when they do! After all, he’s pretty sure that his buddy would do the same sent if he were in his position. She reaches under his swimming trunks and whips out his big throbbing erection, showing his huge cock to the young girl! She has never seen so huge penis before but she erally wants to try it, taking it to her little mouth. She’s sucking it hard while stroking it with her soft hands. It looks like this dirty little bitch learned many new things while in college, LOL! She drools all over his member while sucking it and he can feel her saliva dripping down his balls. The teen girl lies on the bed, spreads her legs wide open and tells him to fuck her on her bed in missionary position, fuck her little pussy so hard and fast as he wants. He places the head of his huge cock against her pussy lips that are wet with her juice and her vagina is like a hot, wet mouth, sucking the head of his cock deppe into her tiny body. The small girl bits her lip watching his long cock go deep into her. He flips her over, admiring her bubble shaped ass while fucking her doggie style from behind. He pounds her cute little butt with his monster cock, making her twerk her ass and moan from pleasure. Then fucks her tight pussy sideways, making her orgasm several times. Finally he’s blowing his load all over her! 