My girlfriend was out of town for the weekend so I decided to have some fun with this sexy babe, a spunky brunette with glasses and a sexy attitude. While my girlfriend was calling me to tell me how much she missed me, this sexy bitch was rubbing herself against me, making my fucking cock as hard as a rock. She even decided to make a sexy selfie of herself on her phone and remind me of what I am missing. With her lovely face, sexy legs, cute butt, this sexy babe knew that she could make me forget about my girlfriend in a second. She was so spectacularly beautiful, she would have driven you crazy too, be sure. We made out and she spread her legs, giving me dirty looks while rubbing and fingering her dripping wet slit. I reached over to finger and rub her too, she was fucking dripping wet, man! Her pussy was aching for my hard dick. “I want to fuck you so badly” She made me lie on my back so she could take charge, stroking my throbbing erection. She spread her pussy lips that were wet with her juice, took my cock and placed the head of my cock against her open vagina and impaled herself onto me in one move. She pushed her body up and down my hard cock, telling me how much she enjoyed having me inside her and how much would love my girlfriend to know that I was fucking her while she was away. She had small titties crowned by beautiful, firm and perky nipples. She also had some tattoos on her body and a sexy piercing in her belly button. She grind that her body as she rode my cock and played with her pussy. This babe would have put my girlfriend to shame when she rode me in cowgirl, jumping up and down, rocking back and forth, side to side, grinding my overexcited cock between her legs, squeezing it with her tight pussy, rubbing her clit, smiling and looking into my eyes! A couple minutes of this and I was ready to explode so she got off me, I’m not done with you yet she told me and then turned around revealing her perfect ass. I shoved deep inside her, pressing her juicy bubble shaped ass down with my hands. She was rubbing her clit and my balls together while I was fucking her dripping wet pussy doggie style from behind, it was awesome! My girlfriend never ever lets me fuck her in this position because she said it makes her feel like a bitch. Well, this babe loves feeling like and being a bitch! Whenever I stopped fucking her she would push her juicy butt against my hard cock, urging me to keep banging her clam. While I was fucking her she reached between my legs, softly caressing and massaging my balls, so fucking hot! Cupping my balls in her hands, she took my meaty sausage in her wet mouth so she could continue sucking it, tasting her very own pussy juices mixed up with my precum. Then she lied on her back and spread her legs, telling me to fuck her very hard in missionary position. I felt her ass as my balls hit her ass hole and I was ready to pull out of her pussy and blow my load all over her sexy face and her beautiful titties! There was waaaay too much cum for her to completely swallow and some dribbled out of her mouth and onto my cock and balls.   She is so fucking amazing! I like cheating scenes. With the hottest girls in every single video and the biggest cocks, MOFOS is the King of amateur porn on the web!!! This website is loaded with thousands of real girls, user submitted videos, exclusive footage. These hot girls are becoming real pornstars when the world sees them sucking huge cocks, getting fucked hard, cumming, squirting and swallowing cum like crazy slut! Come to the best teen porn website, MOFOS, and watch the hottest and sexiest young girls turned into hot real life pornstars!