As most girls my step sister claims she never masturbates but I find it hard to believe. I decided to place a hidden video camera in her bedroom so I could watch her masturbating naked without her knowing it and prove, all girls masturbate! As it turns out, I didn’t hide it well enough and she founded, but before returning it she decided to film herself masturbating. Little slut! She was holding camera in one hand and rubbing her wet slit with the other, caressing her slit, touching her lips, fingering her vagina opening, massaging her naked body, touching her breast and squeezing her nipples lightly! Just watch her eyes as she looked into the camera. Just notice the “fuck me” eyes! Once she was done, she came to me fully naked and wanting my hard cock inside her! She was fully naked and looked incredibly, perfect body, cute titties with heart shaped nipples, firm ass and the most beautiful pussy I had ever seen! Fuck, my planned it into her not so bad after all, LOL! She got down on her knees, reached under my shorts for my hard cock and started sucking and stroking it. She spit on my dick and I could feel her saliva dripping down my shaft and balls as she gave me head. My hot step sister grabbed my cock and walked towards her bedroom totally naked and as I walked behind her I couldn’t get my eyes off that perfect bubble butt of hers. I couldn’t believe that in a matter of seconds I was going to be fucking my very own stepsister. She got down on all fours on her bed as I checked out her beautiful butt, asshole, ass crack and pussy, what a package! I rammed my throbbing erection deep inside her tight muff, banging her hard doggie style from behind, listening to her moans and squeals of pleasure as I fucked her hard. I lied flat on my back and she straddled herself on top, letting my big dick sink deep inside her wet slit, her nice tits crowned by heart shaped nipples bouncing up and down as she rode me cowgirl style. She leaned back so I could finger her clit as she flipped over, riding me in reverse cowgirl while I admired the beauty of her bubble shaped ass. I made her lean forward and I could see her cute little asshole contracting as she pushed herself against my cock. Fucking my sexy stepsister was definitely much more fun than watching her masturbate on video and she promised me that from now on we would fuck every chance we got since she had always fantasized having a stepbrother that would make her his bitch. Pretty soon I was ready to blow my load, blasting lots of hot cum all over her face and mouth! Her pretty face was covered in cum, and she had a big smile on her face! 