I always loved girls with short hair but my girlfriend is exceptional. As I look at her sexy body, I know I am going to explode. Adorable blonde pixie, her green eyes, sweet little mouth, tight ass and always clean-shaven pussy – she is irresistible. A beautiful, sexy, graceful, petite woman with short hair. My hot short haired girlfriend was doing her homework on the living room rug but I was feeling pretty horny since I had just been watching some online porn I was really in the mood to make love with her, I just needed to get her attention off her books and on my cock for a little bit! How could I not look at her and wanted to have her all day? She wanted to keep studying, but realized I wasn’t going to stop bugging her until we fucked, so why not just get it out of the way? After all, she could use getting her mind off her homework for a while and relaxing with some hot, kinky sex. She took off her shorts and kept doing her homework, teasing me with that beautiful bubble shaped butt in a pair of sexy yellow lace panties. Her butt cheeks are so fucking tight and firm, I could play with them all day long. Her tiny breast with pierced little nipples are also a treat, especially when she’s done on her knees, sucking and stroking my big hard cock, so delicious. She can go from cold to hot in a matter of seconds. My girlfriend loves when I rub the head of my cock on her pretty face and across her lips, when she sticks her tongue and I slap it with my cock, she can kiss my head of my cock, move her tongue up and down, caress my balls for hours! She likes to look in my eyes when my cock in her mouth and she plays with it with her tongue! She tried her best to pleasure my cock. I felt like I was about to blow my load all over her. I knew, my clever baby wanted me to cum right in her mouth, swallow it and come back studying, but I wanted her little pussy! I spread her legs on the couch and I pulled her panties to the side and rammed my throbbing erection deep between her pussy lips. I slipped right in to the hottest pussy on the planet and shoved up to her cervix. She howled with pleasure and begged me to fuck her hard. So I was pumping her as hard as I could in missionary position, my balls slapping against her asshole with the wet, squishy, sound of my dick going in and out of her well lubricated vagina. She dug her nails into my back then fingered and rubbed her clit, as I banged her and she spread her pussy lips wide open with her fingers, begging me to penetrate her as deep and as hard as they could. The best feeling when her pussy contracts and she has an orgasm with my hard cock inside. She made me lie flat on my back and straddled herself on top, her juicy bubble butt facing my way as she made it bounce up and down my hard cock. I made her cum two more times until I finnaly exploded inside her. As I felt the juice shooting into her, I felt the muscle of her vagina contract and pump as she came at the same time. 