This beautiful blond teen is frustrated because all her life she has always been the tiniest girl in class and now that she’s about to enter college she would love to grow at least a few inches so she doesn’t and up in the same situation again. Imagine her surprise one the seller from a TV shop show she saw last night and called, comes knocking on her door ready to sell her these miracle grow pills. He is the living example of their miraculous action of these pills, since they have made his limbs grow and she can tell by how tall he is. However, she can’t help wondering if these miracle grow pills have made every lamp in his body growth so large! He’s more than happy to show her, and that tiny blond finds herself down on her knees, staring at his HUGE COCK! She’s looking at this juicy cock and her mouth instinctively opens. She sticks her tongue out and guides his cock into her sweet little mouth. She even tries to fit it in her mouth but, to no avail. He tells her he used to be just like her, he was always the kid with the tiniest dick in the classroom, but now he has the biggest cock in the room anywhere he goes! She can’t believe his dick grew so much, and hope the pills have the same effect on her. She licks and sucks his balls. The pills have obviously worked on him, so she’s already sold on the product… and on his massive cock, LOL! She drools all over his throbbing erection while sucking it as he strips her naked on the couch. He pulls her cute white panties, spreades her little ass and gives her pussy a good licking from behind. He finger fucks her tight pussy while licking her tender little asshole and she bends over so he can ram his big hard cock deep inside her dripping wet cunt and fuck her very hard from behind. She’s moaning with each move his big cock makes inside her vagina. Never ever in her life has she had something so big inside her, she can’t believe it actually fits in her snatch, it’s so fucking huge! She opens her mouth every time his dick comes deep in her tight pussy. He also fondles her anus and she likes it. The salesman fucks this tiny little blonde doggie style, then flips her over so he can keep banging her in missionary position. With her legs up and together her pussy becomes even more narrow! She rubs her muff while he fucks her, then cute naked girl straddles herself on top and impales her tight slit on his massive boner, making her tiny body bounce up and down his long shaft. She pushes her cunt into him driving his cock deep inside her little hole. It’s always a pleasure to see a big cock moving in and out of a such sweet pink pussy. She rides him until the salesman is ready to blow his load all over her! The fat nut busted at the end shows all that pussy pounding was worth it…  What a stunning young woman. Every inch of her screams out youthful sexiness. With her tight, beautiful body that earned her modeling careers at a young age, the girl looks absolutely amazing. A tiny teen girl and a big cock, who could ask for more?   At Exxxtra Small there is a saying regarding the dirty 18 year old teen sluts featured at the site, the tinier they come, the harder they cum! These naughty teens may be small in size, but they are eager to take on the biggest, largest, thickest, hardest cocks in the industry! There is nothing these small naked girls enjoy more than feeling how their tight fuck holes get stretched out and left gaping wide open by these gargantuan erection as they get pounded and filled with loads of hot cum! If you enjoy watching tiny teens fucked hard in young porn, this is it!