My slutty stepsister hosted a summer pool party for all her slutty friends and invited me to join them on their last day. Looks like the girls got tired of so much pussy and wanted a cock to play with and my stepsister wanted to show her friends how big and hard my cock is. She was the first to set the mood because she started stroking my cock under the water while her friends watched. I’m used to getting handjob from my stepsister, but it was a real turn on having all girls watching and joining in on the fun. As my naughty stepsister started sucking my dick, one of her best friends, a spunky brunette, join her and they began giving me a double blowjob, sucking and stroking my cock while licking my balls. We got out of the pool and the girls let me pulled her bikini bottoms down and play with her juicy little butts, they were all so fucking firm, soft and tender, what a treat! The girls were kissing, licking and laughing. Four naked girls twerked and started to rub their asses into my face! I ate the girls’ asses out, prodding my tongue deep inside her assholes, stretching them out while tossing their salads. While I munched on my stepsister’s butt she licked and sucked her friend’s tits and nipples, fucking whore! The girls were naked, stunning and ready to fuck. I finger fucked her pussy and spread her ass cheeks apart and naked girls got into a 69, with my stepsister eating the brunette out while she took care of my cock, sucking and stroking it by the pool. The other girls watched and led them on. They had no choice but to take turns in a deep throat contest. Pretty soon I had the sexy brunette on her back, her legs spread wide open as I fucked her dripping wet pussy with my hard cock in missionary position. One of the girls played with her big tits and my stepsister and I licked and sucked on her toes. My stepsister wanted dick too so I lied flat on my back and she straddled herself on top, impaling her tight muff on my throbbing erection and riding me while I made out with the brunette. I could taste my stepsister’s pussy on her lips and tongue, sexy! She rode me with the other girls shoving their tits and asses into me! Well, naked girls each took turns fucking me, sucking my cock, and rubbing their sweaty bodies against mine. One of the girls got down on her hands and knees so I could fuck her doggie style from behind, not before giving her pussy and asshole a good licking. I asked the other girls if they wanted to get fucked and they said of course! I moved on to another of the girls, shoving my throbbing cock into her cunt from behind as she stood with her ass high in the air. I decided to move on to the one last beauty that I hadn’t yet fucked, so I laid down and told her to ride my cock, and some of the girls squatted upon my face. Naked girls took turns riding my cock while toying with each others tits and pussies. These girls knew how to have a good time. A cowgirl cock riding contest left these four girls with wet pussies and aching for more. Pretty soon I was blowing my load all over these naked sluts and they licked my cum off each other!   In case you didn’t already know it, BFFS (Best Friends Forever) is the best place on the web to find the hottest porn feauturing sexy naked girls, best friends that love sharing it all, from their panties and their make up to their sex toys and their lovers! Only orgies, only threesome, foursome and more-some sex with young naked girls. Tons of dirty, slutty best friends forever get naked in front of the cameras, sucking dick, having sex, taking it up the ass, having sleepover sex with their best friends forever and so much more! You can sit back and bust a nut to hours and hours of hot best friends getting fucked hard over and over!