Never thought it would happen! I was passing by my stepsister’s bedroom when I heard some noises coming from the other side. I took a peek inside and caught her spread legged on her bed, masturbating herself while watching porn on her laptop! Fucking hot! She was rubbing and fingering her dripping wet snatch and looked so fucking sexy playing with herself while watching her favorite porn with some huge cock pounding a girl. I must have made a noise because she looked up and saw me watching her! Awkward! At the same time, I could tell she was turned on by being watched and by the fact that I was visibly aroused by what I had seen. My step sister asked if I wanted to see her pussy from behind. She turned over so I could get a better look at her beautiful bubble shaped butt and tender pink pussy from behind. She even twerked her ass for me, making it bounce up and down while looking over her shoulder with those innocent eyes and a dirty smile on her beautiful face at the same time. Shit she was soooo fucking hot! She was looking so fucking gorgeous. Usually i like a totally smooth bald beaver but her bush looked so sexy. I wanted to see my cock moving in and out of that wet slit! I stood in front of her as she played with herself. Like what you see? She giggled as I gazed at her pink pussy lips with a tuft of red curly cunt hair. She invited me to take my shorts off and I began rubbing that delicious slit, feeling her wetness on my fingers as I played with her. I told my step sister to touch my hard cock and when she did she said my cock looked so good. She raised it to her mouth, opened her lips and put it inside. Her mouth was even warmer than her hands. Her tongue began licking all around the head. She was sucking and stroking it, making loud sucking sounds as she blew me. The little slut smiled and said, do you like that. Damn, she earned so much from porn sites. She was fascinated by the size of my cock and simply could not get enough of it. If it was for her, I think she was a state up all night sucking and stroking my dick. She wanted to deep throat me, but my cock was just too big for her to swallow whole. I lied flat on my back and she straddled herself on top, squatting as she impaled my huge member on her warm and slippery pussy. My big cock slided right into her TIGHT pussy. She was well lubed up from her pussy juice. Her legs were shaking as she stood up and positioned herself to suck and stroke my cock some more. She loved the feel of a cock in her mouth and inside her young pussy. She squat back on top, this time with her back facing my way, making her juicy bubble butt bounce up and down my shaft. She looked over her shoulder as she rode me and I slapped her butt cheeks. I put her on her back, spread eagled her, rammed my cock in her vagina and fucked her hard in missionary position. I pushed my hard dick as deep into her tiny body as possible. She was shivering with pleasure as I fucked her hard and fast. Then I fucked her from behind as she grabbed on tight to the bed rest, before finally blowing my load in her mouth. She was moaning with pleasure as she licked every drop of my seman and swallowed it down her throat. When I finished cumming, my dick went limp and slid out of her mouth, she was looking at me and smiling.   This is DontBreakMe at its most unforgettable! If you are a gorgeous petite girl who loves huge cocks, what should you do? Go directly to this website. Don’t Break Me is the perfect place for you to get your fix of hot teen sluts filmed while taking on the biggest cocks in porn! Check out their hot videos, and watch these naughty teen whores getting naked, sucking, gagging and choking on big, hard dicks and getting their tight fuck holes stretched out by them in sordid XXX action! These cock addicted petite girls are finally going to get their faces and bodies covered in cum after experiencing these huge cocks in front of the cameras! Tons of sexy girls and hours of footage to jerk off to!