While this guy is prepping a barbecue for his wife and his best friend she is having some fun with his pal behind his back! He pulls down her denim shorts and panties, bending her over the kitchen counter and eating out her dripping wet pussy and her tight asshole while her husband flips burgers for them. He lashes his tongue about her lips, her clit and inside of her wet hole. He seems to be enjoying licking all her juice and he even starts licking her asshole. The horny guy spreads her beautiful ass cheeks with his hands and slaps them hard, darting his smooth tongue in and out of her delicious anal hole. He is a master of cunilingus but the cheating wife wants him to fuck the shit out of her while her husband flips burgers for them outdoors. He takes her to the living room, puts her on her back and spreads her legs, tongue fucking her pussy and her asshole some more. She loves getting her salad tossed by her husband’s best friend, it just makes her feel like such a filthy whore. He pushes her face down against his crotch, forcing his hard cock down her throat and holding her still with a scissors hold, making his best friend’s hot wife choke and gag on his gargantuan erection, drooling all over it, thick ropes of saliva dripping from the sides of her lips and down her chin, slobbering all over his throbbing cock and his big balls. He fucks her mouth with his huge cock and the slut loves it! That is awesome when she swallows his entire cock! She takes off the rest of her clothes and straddles herself on top, impaling her dripping wet cunt on his drool drenched sausage, making her big tits and her juicy bubble butt bounce up and down as she rides his cock on the living room couch, the very same couch she shares with her husband! This gut also is a pro in bringing a girl to a squirting orgasm with his cock. He pounds her pussy so hard and fast that she begins to squirt juice like a fountain! She’s cumming but he doesn’t want to stop and impales her squirting pussy onto his cock. She’s moaning and screaming like mad. This is what I call hardcore fucking! This guy is fucking the shit out of this hot babe! He fucks her dripping with pussy, fingers her, and takes her from many different positions, finally blowing his creamy load all over her dirty face, her open mouth and her big tits before they join her husband and eat the burgers he grilled for them! 