This sexy black babe is sleeping over at her best friend’s house when her best friend’s horny stepbrother sneaks into the room, wakes her up in the middle of the night. Her horny wish comes true when he takes off her panties and spreads her legs. There is nothing sexier when a girl lets a guy to pull her panties down for the first time! He gives the young girl exactly what she’s been dreaming about, licking her dripping wet muff, with her best friend, his stepsister, sleeping right next to her. That’s so fucking hot! She puts her hands over her mouth to muffle her moans of pleasure, since he wants to enjoy getting tongue fucked by her best friend’s stepbrother without her waking up. This problem is easily sold when he stuffs her mouth with her very own panties, LOL! The teen gets down on her knees and he pulls down his pants, her jaw dropped to the floor when she gets a look at his cock, it’s the biggest dick she’s ever seen in her life! The girls have watched so many porn movies with many black guys that are not that big as her best friend’s brother! His cock is huge, the tiny girl is scared but doesn’t want to stop, she opens her mouth and puts it in. She begins sucking the head, licking his cock, massaging his balls, jerking his rod and feeling how big and hard it gets in her hands. She’s just 18 but she’s sucking him like a vacuum. Her pussy literally begins to drip at the thought of his big penis penetrating her little pussy. She has never had sex with such big guy. He spreads her legs on the bed and shoves his huge cock between her wet pussy lips in missionary position. Her young pussy is so tight it is hard to get in at first but he pushes it deeper and deeper. While they are fucking, his stepsister wakes up, pretending she is still asleep as she vigorously masturbates herself, totally turned on by her stepbrother fucking her best friend. She’s rubbing her pussy to the sound of her stepbrother fucking her best friend right next to her. While he’s fucking her best friend, he realizes she is awake and playing with herself. This turns him on so much, he comes toward her, spreading her panties aside and fucking her pussy too. The best friend watches the stepsiblings fucking and have hot lesbian sex with her best friend while he’s fucking her. The girls want to try all those sex positions and all that stuff they have seen in porn before like deepthroating, cock riding, 69, doggy style, double blowjob. Two young naked girls take turns getting their pussies pounded hard. Pretty soon he’s blowing his load all over their faces and tits! The young sluts don’t miss one drop, they yell when he cums, it is wonderful! The best slumber party ever! 