One day my slutty stepdaughter was running around the house in a tiny bikini, and for the first time I realised she had an amazing pair of legs and nice titties for a 18 year old. I soon realised she kept hanging around me alot that day making sure I noticed her. At the time I thought I shouldn’t do anything as she was my step daughter “relax, she’s going to the bathroom.”. She always masturbated herself in there, so I sneaked into the bathroom while she was taking a shower and filmed her with my smart phone. Surely enough, there she was, totally naked and using the shower massager on her pussy. Her young, sweet, bald, pink, lovely pussy looked amazing. When she saw me filming her, she realized that she was busted, but by the naughty smile on her face I could tell that she was also pretty turned on by the fact that her step daddy was perving on her. Matter of fact, I already had a raging erection from watching her naked and masturbating, she looked so fucking hot. She was rubbing her wet pussy and she didn’t care I saw her naked, wasn’t embarrassed at all. I was hard and I know she noticed it. I saw her look down at my dick. What a little naked slut! I slipped my hand between her legs and started to rub her pussy. By the smile on her face i could see she was loving it. I then slipped one finger into her now soaked pussy, she was so tight. I had been thinking about her petite naked body all day. I stuck my heavily erect penis against her cute little butt. We went back to her bedroom and she pulled down on my shorts, her jaw dropping to the floor when she got a glimpse of my cock. I was naked and my dick was hard and stuck straight out. Yeah, it was as huge as her mom had told her! My little naked step daughter began sucking and stroking it and I pushed her face against my crotch so she could deep throat my sausage, gagging and choking on it, so fucking sexy! She sat on the edge of the bed and she gave me the most amazing blow job ever. After giving me head and an awesome handjob, she pushed me back against the bed and climbed over on top of me. She spread her legs in front of my face, grabbed my hot throbbing cock with one hand, opened her pussy with the other and lowered her beautiful pussy all the way down onto my dick! She was tight and wet and my dick was big for her little pussy. She rode me cowgirl style and I could see her meaty pussy lips wrapped around my dick right in front of my face. She spread her legs ever wider, exposing me her clit. I made her lay on her back and sat on top of her, sitting on her tits while fucking her mouth. I almost came in her little mouth, it was so good. Then I put her down on her hands and knees and fucked her doggie style from behind. I was pounding her teen pussy like I never has before. She was trying not to moan when my big cock went deep into her tiny body. I fucked her in all the ways her bitch mom doesn’t let me fuck her and topped it off letting me finger fuck her tight anus. I pumped her hard and pressed into her deep and spurt four times inside her putting my cum deep in her by her teen vagina. As I felt the sperm shooting into her, I felt her spasm, she came at the same time. I pulled out of her snatch and my cum was oozing out of her hole that looked red and open. We lay on the now cum soaked bed together. We continued to fuck like animals every chance we got, even with her mother at home. She really wanted to tell her best friends about us but I managed to convince her.   At Exxxtra Small there is a saying regarding the dirty 18 year old teen sluts featured at the site, the tinier they come, the harder they cum! These hot young teens may be small in size, but the girls are eager to take on the biggest, largest, thickest, hardest cocks in the industry! There is nothing these petite girls enjoy more than feeling how these huge cocks penetrate their little pussies, how their tight fuck holes get stretched out and left gaping wide open by these gargantuan erection as they get pounded and filled with loads of hot cum! If you enjoy watching tiny teens fucked hard in young porn, this is it!