It was my birthday and my girlfriend had a very special surprise for me. She told me we were going to have a quiet, romantic dinner at her dorm room but when I got there I was treated to a totally different experience, surrounded by her hottest friends, all ready to party and pleasure me! This was all orchestrated by my girlfriend who wanted to tease me until my balls turned blue! The sexy girls made me sit on the chair while some of her hot friends, who are actually part-time strippers, dressed up as beautiful police officers, frisking me and rubbing their big tits all over my face! These girls were hot, and their tits were fantastic and I was so happy that my girlfriend was okay with them smothering my face with their big boobs and puffy nipples! All the girls dressed as sexy police officers got naked, bending over, shaking, wiggling and twerking their juicy bubble shaped butts. The girls surrounded me, rubbing their hot naked bodies against me and dry humping me. I felt like my dick was going to burst out of my pants and my balls were definitely turning blue! I wasn’t allowed to touch the girls so you can imagine my suffering, all I wanted to do was get my hands all over those big tits and juicy asses, even with my girlfriend sitting in front of me and watching! The girls told me that I had been a bad boy and this was my punishment, they quickly handcuffed me to a chair and tied me with crime scene tape! One of the naked girls got down on her knees and started sucking a dude’s cock, while the other naked girl jumped into bed and started having hot lesbian sex, licking, kissing, sucking and fingering their dripping wet pussies and their tight assholes while I watched them. Naked girls formed a human centipede and licked each other’s pussies. Girl’s moans were enhanced by the police megaphone while the other girls were making her come. The cock sucking girl took to the other bed, getting her dripping with pussy pounded hard by her dude. Man, I wanted to be him so bad! While I watched them fuck, my beautiful girlfriend sat on my lap, grinding her delicious ass against my crotch, feeling my erection digging into the crack of her ass! She knows I love to watch, and her friends were putting on the hottest sex show ever and once she took me back to our place, you can believe we had a party of our own! This was a such a hot and sexy mess, you better watch for yourself. 