I’m constantly spying on my next-door neighbor and I don’t think you can blame me. After all, when your neighbor has big natural tits like mine, how could you not watch? She’s pretty free-spirited and open-minded, it’s not unusual for her to strip totally naked outdoors by the pool. Today I have an awesome view of her, as she removes her swimsuit, her back turned so I can admire her beautiful bubble shaped ass. Unfortunately, I make a bad move, stripping and alerting her of my presence. She seemed a bit shocked but seemed to like it. She was a bit uncomfortable at first, but pretty soon she warmed up to the fact that she was so gorgeous that her next-door neighbor just couldn’t help spying on her. She got close to me and let me cup a feel of her marvelous tits, they were so fucking soft and tender, just as I imagined they would be. As I touched her titties and rubbed her nipples, my dick was getting hard as a rock and she unzipped my jeans so she could play with it. My naked neighbor got down on her knees, grabbed my cock and quickly popped it into her mough and began to slowly suck the head while she worked the shaft with her hand. She gave me the best blowjob sucking and stroking my throbbing erection as she drooled all over it. After giving me head, naked girl got down on her hands and knees and began to rub her wet pussy lips for me. She urged me to penetrate and fuck her doggie style from behind with my big hard cock, pounding her as hard, as deep and as fast as I could. She was the woman of my dreams. I lifted her up by her legs as she held her body in a plank with her hands and I kept fucking her from behind, what an amazing Superwoman position! She said she wanted to taste her pussy on my cock. I lay on my back and she began to kiss my balls and suck my cock, rubbing my penis hard and fast. I said her to ride on my cock, she was happy to listen it, she straddled me and slowly lowered her pussy onto my cock and started rocking back and forth, and move up and down. I caught her ass and began fucking her hard, she moaned and moaned. One of our neighbors was outside too and was watching and she made a nice show for him. She was riding me until I was ready to blow my load all over her! 