While this cute blond teen checks out the text messages from her friends on her smart phone, she can’t help noticing her smoking hot stepmom in the room next door, changing into some sexy white lace lingerie, with a garter belt and beautiful white fishnet stockings. She looks so hot and sexy, she can’t help snapping some pictures of her with her iPhone, but she gets caught. The hot stepmom grabs her phone and starts taking some pictures of her own, lifting her stepdaughter’s top and exposing her nice firm breasts. Her nipples are already fully erect! She can understand the teen’s curiosity and is more than eager to help her satisfy it, as she takes her to the bedroom and sits her on her bed. She holds an ice chip between her lips and applies it to the teen’s nipples. The ice cold water that melts from the chip drips down her soft breasts, making her moan with lust and pleasure. Her stepmom has placed a blindfold to cover her eyes, depriving her of her sight enhances her other senses, as she takes the ice chip and places it in the teen’s mouth so she can lick and suck on it. You have check out all this girl-girl action as the mom shows this girl what its like to be with a real woman. The hot cougar undresses her, sinking her smooth tongue between her dripping wet pussy lips and fondling her clit. The woman knows how another woman likes it and where she likes it. She sticks her fingers in her wet pussy slowly, and gently, massaging her vagina with her hand. She licks her clit and gently biting and blowing on it. The teen girl has never felt anything like that before. Her step mom fingers her and makes her cum for the first time in her life. The young lesbian is ready to return the favor and eat her stepmom out! It’s her first time with another woman, she is eager to taste her dripping wet pussy, her delicious asshole and to make her orgasm as hard as he made her cum with her filthy tongue and skilled fingers! The girl pulls down her stepmom’s sexy white lace lingerie and dives in her hairy pussy. She eats her mature pussy out, lapping her slit up and down with her tongue! She licks the hot woman until she cums all in her mouth. The naked girls are kissing, biting nipples, and playing with each other’s pussies. After oral sex the next important lesbian sex position the mom wants to show her step daughter is scissoring/tribbing. Naked girls have touched their pussies together in a long pussy kiss. Their wet vaginas are pressed up against each other, the girls begin grinding and rubbing their pussies and clits against each other. The final lesson for the young lesbian is an ass rimming! The MILF spreads teen’s ass and begins fuck her little ass hole with her tongue. Awesome! 