I came home in the morning and found the house was a total mess. Looks like somebody had a wild party last night while I was away and I was pretty sure I knew who it was. It didn’t take me long to find my stepsister sleeping on the living room couch. Our parents are out of vacation and left us with the responsibility of looking after the house and one of the rules was strictly no parties. They were probably going to be back home in a couple of hours and they were not going to like finding out that my stepsister, disobeyed them. She begged me not to tell on her, but honestly, she’s usually a mean and spoiled brat, so why the fuck would I even bother helping her out? She got on her knees and begged me to keep this a secret, telling me that she would do anything! Well, as much of a bitch as she is, she’s also pretty damn hot and sexy, so I decided to help her out, as long as she was willing to satisfy me. Without much hesitation, my slutty blond stepsister grabbed my cock and began sucking and stroking it! She even licked and sucked my balls! I guess she just needed the right kind of motivation to be nice to me, LOL! I realized that she would not stop until I came in her mouth! My step sister wanted me to cum right in her mouth and I did, spurting white goo. The little slut was moaning with pleasure as she licked every drop of my seman and swallowed it down her throat, she swallowed two or three times! When I finished cumming, my cock went limp and slid out of her mouth. She bent over, pulling down her panties, teasing me with her juicy bubble butt, spreading her ass cheeks and showing me the crack of her ass, her asshole and her dripping with pussy. I was hard again! As soon as I got hard she wanted me to fuck her. I followed her to her bedroom, where my naked step sister crawled on her bed, ready to suck and stroke my cock some more. “I want to see your dick deep inside my pussy” she said working her cunt with one hand. She smiled wickedly and made me lie flat on my back, straddled herself on top, her juicy bubble butt facing my way. She spread her beautiful ass cheeks with her hands and slid my cock inside gently. It was warm and slippery inside. She rode me in reverse cowgirl with her gorgeous ass in my face. I had never seen an ass bouncing like hers, hot damn! She laid back, raised her legs and spread her knees wide open. I quickly entered her, and fucked her in missionary while she rubbed her clit. Her pussy was so warm and juicy She was shuddering with pleasure as I pounded her deep. Your cock feels so good, fuck me hard. Then i fucked her doggie style from behind until I was ready to blow my load all over her stomach, tits and her cute face! Huge gobs of cum splattered my sister’s skin. My slutty sister begged me to do it with her the next day and I readily agreed.   Sis Loves Me gives you all exclusive and uncensored access to the best selection of stepsibling sex videos featuring naughty young girls doing it all with their horny step brothers’ hard cocks! These cock craving, cum loving stepsisters get caught on film while stripping in front of their step brothers, jerking them off, masturbating with their step brothers, sucking their stepbrother’s cocks, deflowering their virgin pussies, getting their pussies stretched by big brother’s huge cocks, getting bent over and fucked in all their wet, tight holes and swallowing all the hot cum their stepbrothers have to give them! Their horny brothers don’t miss an opportunity to spy on them while the naked girls take a shower, sneak in their bedroom at night and fuck them in sleep and cum on their faces. They will do anything to keep from Mommy and Daddy from finding out.