I just had the pleasure of meeting my new next-door neighbor, a spunky little blond teen doll who just turned 20 and since it’s her first time living all alone I invited her over to my place so she could feel accompanied. We hit it off pretty good and pretty soon she was pulling down on her pink tank top, showing me her tiny titties. This sexy little chick loves teasing, and what can I say. I love being teased by such lovely girl! She was happy to make a new friend in the building I wanted to show me her appreciation for my friendship. She pulled her panties to the side, giving me a sneak peek at her tender little pink snatch. The little girl was already dripping wet. She had the cutest pussy I had ever seen and nice titties with red nipples standing out. She told me she was into really big dicks and I was pretty sure I wasn’t going to let her down, quite the opposite, as soon as she saw how huge my cock was, her eyes opened wide in amazement! The young girl had never seen a huge cock before. She looked almost innocent as she licked her lips and gazed down at it again and licked her lips, hungrily. She pulled down her sexy shorts, settle between my legs and began to lick my huge cock and my balls with such delicate strokes like the way she would sample an ice cream cone. I took the camera and I hold it filming her as she sucked my cock. She started slapping her face with my big cock, can you fucking believe that? She licked the tip and began sucking it, making sure to also lick and suck my nuts. She jerked my rod while sucking on my balls with a dirty smile on her face and I could tell that she was really enjoying this. So was I! She sucked my cock while stroking it with both hands and a held her by her pigtails, fucking her mouth and throat with my throbbing erection. I loved the sucking sounds this teen made as I forced my cock down her throat, so fucking sexy! This sexy teen got exactly what she wanted today. Thick ropes of drool dripped all over my member as this pocket-sized naked girl straddled herself on top and impaled her pink pussy on my monster cock. My cock is so big in her pussy was so tight at first I was wondering if I was even going to manage to get it all inside her, but she spread her beautiful ass cheeks with both hands and let my cock slid deep in all the way. She was very wet. Pretty soon this little slut was bouncing up and down my rod, twerking her ass, rotating her ass in circles. She liked to ride my cock. Too bad you’ll never feel how good her pussy is. I shoved as hard as I could into her pussy and started to fuck her as hard and and fast as I could, making her moan and groan. My cock was really big for her, she literally screamed in shock and bit her lip but she liked it rough! I grabbed her by the neck and pulled her body against mine, pounding her dripping wet pussy hardcore. Just as she was about to climax I shoved my finger up her ass and she screamed as she came. She turned over and said I like that cock deeper in my pussy! I was pounding her the hardest and fastest that I could. She then put her knees to her shoulders and screamed as I kept pounding her hard. It took just a few more strokes before the teen girl started to shake and quiver as she came. She was cumming and climbbing further up in the bed trying to get away from the pleasure. She was HOT! Her pussy was tight and wet and I fucked her for almost two hours.   Rolling over and trying almost every position we could think of. Every single thing this hot teen did to me made me want her more and more and she didn’t want to stop. I fucked her standing up I was carrying her and she was bouncing up and down on my cock and it felt like she was in heaven! I thrusted into her so hard that I thought I was going to break her petite body. The young girl did all the stuff she saw on pornos. Her ass cheeks were shaking from pleasure. I kept fucking her ass and she had three orgasms. We fucked in many different positions until I was ready to blow my load all over her lovely face and her open mouth and watch her swallow it all! It was dripping down her cheeks, but she swallowed and swallowed and then licked my cock clean. I hope you enjoy watching this sexy girl get truly fucked and satisfied!