My girlfriend and I are moving to a new place and we are very excited about it, but I told her that we can’t leave our old apartment without making one last sex tape. After all, we filmed ourselves fucking in this place so many times, it makes sense that we would close this chapter of our lives with an amazing homemade sex video! She was even wearing a sexy tank top and Daisy Dukes, the perfect outfit for a sex tape! She was wearing a sexy pink thong underneath, it’s G-string digging deep into the crack of her beautiful bubble shaped butt as she stripped naked for me and started sucking and stroking my throbbing erection, making sensual sucking noises as she gave me head. She was feeling pretty horny, because she didn’t wait long to straddle herself on top and impale her dripping wet pussy on my hard dick. My sexy girlfriend squatted on my cock and guided it into her soaking pussy and immediately began to ride me. Her sexy little titties bouncing up and down. She leaned back and spread her knees wide open and her lovely pussy was right in my face. I made her get down on her hands and knees, her beautiful bubble shaped ass up in the air as I penetrated her from behind and fucked her tight snatch doggie style. We had a big ass mirror in front of us so she could check herself out while I banged her from behind, she always looks so sexy in that position, like my dirty little bitch, I love it! I got back on the floor and she straddled herself on top again, but this time with her beautiful bubble butt facing my way as she rode me in reverse cowgirl so I could continue filming that beautiful derrière with my camera. I grabbed her butt cheeks as she made that awesome bubble butt bounce up and down my crotch, begging me to keep fucking her harder, deeper and faster. I put her sideways, raises one of her legs up and started fucking her little pussy from that angle. As I fucked her this way, I reached over, groping and squeezing her titties with my hands. I could feel the cum boiling in my balls as I pulled out of her pussy and she got down on her knees, ready for me to blow my load, shooting hot cum all over her sexy face and her open mouth! I could hear her moaning in pleasure as her mouth milked every spurt that shot out of my cock. 