Threesome with my stepsister and her best friend after catching them together in the shower! My stepsister and her best friend run together every morning. I get up later, so by the time I come back home from my morning workout, the girls are usually out of the house. So I get back home and run straight to the bathroom and right before going in, I noticed that my stepsister and her best friend are still in the shower, totally naked while making out and having some hot lesbian fun together! Of course I watched them, the girls looked so fucking hot caressing each other, rubbing their naked bodies together while kissing and swapping tongue. I’ve always suspected my stepsis is a lesbian but her friend was the best looking girl on the school! She realized I was there, the girls stopped kissing, my stepsis was extremely shy but her friend was not, she was looking at my crotch and she noticed my hard on and gave an excited laugh and pulled me to her. She decided to invite me to join them in the shower! My stepsis didn’t want but after all, her best friend insisted on it! She caught me spying on them, but I caught her having hot lesbian sex with her best friend. Her friend told me they let me come in under one condition: I had to take off my shorts and show them my dick. So I pulled down my pants and joined them. The girls were naked and I was naked, their hands were sliding on my cock. The friend began to jerk me off when my step sister began to masturbate looking at my hard cock. Then both naughty girls got down on their knees, and my stepsis took my cock in her hand and brought it to her lips!!! She began sucking my cock while her other hand rubbed her friend’s pussy. The girls were sucking and stroking my big, hard, wet cock together under the hot running water while they mutually rubbed their dripping wet twats. Two young naked girls sucking my dick, I remember thinking how great it felt. I never imagine my daily workout with and this way, not that I was complaining, LOL! After sucking and licking my cock and balls together, I turned my sexy stepsister and made her bend over so I could ram my throbbing erection deep inside her dripping wet pussy and fuck her hard from behind while she leaned against her best friend and rubbed her pussy. She was so tight! The girls kept kissing when my cock was deep into my stepsis! I kissed and touch them both too. We got out of the shower and went to her bedroom so we could keep having fun on my stepsister’s bed. I spread her legs slowly as my mouth moved down to her pussy. My tongue slid down into the cleft of her labia. I started eating her out, while her best friend straddled herself on her face so my stepsister could lick and suck her snatch. While her best friend rode her face I fucked her very hard in missionary position, making out with her bestie, kissing her on her lips and her little titties! She wanted to feel my dick inside her to, so I pulled her against the edge of the bed, spread her legs and I slid all the way into her. I started pumping, fucking her in missionary while my stepsister watched us, shamelessly masturbating herself, rubbing and fingering her dripping with pussy, telling me how bad she wanted me to fuck them both and blow my load all over them! I lay back on the bed and the young naked girl sat down on my dick and started bouncing up and down. My stepsis watched us, caressed her friend’s asshole. The girls were extremey horny. Then she said that she wanted to ride my dick too. I fucked them in every possible way, and finally the girls made me cum all over their faces. I thought I’d never stop cumming! These two young lesbians got a load to remember!   Young naked girls with tight pussies and even tighter assholes take on huge, rock hard cocks ready to stuff and pound them hard in front of the cameras while you watch them. It all happens right here at Exxxtra Small, the best in teen porn, hands down! These young girls may seem small and petite, but they have what it takes to deal with the biggest cocks and the largest of lovers, as the naughty teen babes from Exxxtra Small prove. These sexy teen girls come here in search of new experiences, and they wanna know what it feels like getting fucked by some of the biggest, thickest, hardest dicks in porn! 