This sexy blond girl comes back home with a bag full of sex toys and she just can’t wait to show them to her sexy lesbian roommates so they can try them out! She shows them a big vibrator and a beautiful double-ended dong. The girls help the blond out of her clothes, fondling her delicious bubble shaped butt and spreading her ass cheeks as she bends over the couch, eager to get played with. She turns the vibrator on, and while one of the girls teases her asshole with her slick tongue, the other one introduces the vibrator deep inside her dripping with pussy and masturbates her with it. She loves feeling a wet tongue exploring her anal sphincter while a big sex toy fucks her tight muff, it’s as close as it can get to being double penetrated. She wants her friends to get naked to, so she can play with their beautiful bodies and all those new sex toys she got for them. Each girl takes to one of her breasts, licking and sucking on her nipples and the naughty blond kisses them on the lips, swapping tongue with her roomies. She tells the girls to get down on all fours, butt against butt, so she can place the double-ended dildo between them and insert each and into their dripping wet pussies, so the girls can grind against each other, conjoined at the snatch by the big rubber toy, so sexy! She plays with the girls’ tits and watches their delicious bubble shaped butts smacking against each other. Yoyng lesbians fucking each other ass to ass with a double ended dildo! It’s another fun day of living together! The blond gets her turn to receive all of the attention, she spreads her beautiful ass and gets an ass hole tonging with her lesbian girlfriend’s tongue digging right up into her anus when the third girl spreads her legs in front of her face and shoves her wet pussy to her open mouth. Her girlfriend comes to a nice quivering orgasm with all her muscles twitching and clenching. All three girls are smoking’ hot! Naked girls take turns eating each other out and finger fucking their pussies in many different positions, cumming over and over with their brand-new sex toys! Ass licking, pussy eating, dildo masturbating, quivering orgasms, awesome!  