This sexy brunette babe sneaking into the rooftop of my building caught my eye, so I followed her on her way up. She looked really hot, so I told her I was an agent for an international modeling agency. Girls always eat that up, LOL! She wanted to see some credentials, but I showed her what really matters, a fistful of cash! I wanted to see how far this sexy chick with really willing to go for some extra cash. I offered her $100 to see her tits. If she accepted the first hundred bucks, I knew I could take her all the way, and accept she did! She had a nice set of 32D tits and even managed to make her pull down her panties and hike up her skirt, showing me her juicy bubble butt and her snatch. She was a bit afraid that she might be seen, but nobody could see us from up here on the rooftop. 400 bucks made her pull my dick out, and the few extra bills got her sucking and stroking my big hard cock. She was really good at it, by the way. She even started to rub her muff while she blew me so I took her back to my place so she could continue eating my cock like a dirty slut. She sucked my cock like a champ, swallowing the whole shaft, my huge cock went straight down her throat and she didn’t even flinch. These 18 year old teens know what real deepthroat fucking is. I put her down on her hands and knees, ramming my cock deep inside her dripping with pussy, fucking her doggie style from behind. She started screaming like crazy as I pumped her faster and faster and harder and harder with my big dick. JUST FUCK IT FUCK MY CUNT FUCK IT! She liked it so much that she even let me finger her asshole. She laid on her back, with her legs in the air and her ass cheeks spread wide open, and her juicy pussy and her anus stuck out right in my face. I fingered her asshole and soon I was banging her anally. She started cumming and she moaned and screamed so loud when my huge cock began to pound her virgin ass. She loved riding my dick with her pussy and her asshole and eating all my creamy spunk like a pro! 