Sexy blond babe gets her friend’s huge cock up her asshole after washing his car! This sexy blond babe lost a bet with a friend so now she has to come on over to his place and watch his fancy car. It’s a hot and sunny day, so she strips down to her bikini, getting her sexy body soapy as she scrubs his ride. He can’t get his eyes off her, and she likes that.  Tiny girl, cute little butt, sexy titties. She likes to make him hard, teasing him, rubbing her soaped up juicy bubble butt against his car. She twerks her little ass for him, she can see the big bulge throbbing underneath his pants. He asks her if she can flash him her tits and she delights him, giving him a sneak preview of her beautiful breasts. Her nipples are already fully erect, as much as his hard cock under his pants. She lathers up her tits, rubbing and massaging them with her hands, letting the suds drip down her body. He rinses her off with a garden hose, the cold water make her nipples even more upright and hard. She invites herself inside, so she can take off her bikini, showing off that beautiful bubble shaped butt. Her pussy is already dripping wet and she is in need of her friend’s big juicy cock. She gets down on her knees and he shows off her his giant cock! Today she will be walking funny! His cock is huge, it’s bigger than her arm, but seeing this makes her immediately hot and horny.  Watch as this young eighteen year old tries to fit it in her little mouth! She tries to deepthroat his cock, it’s too big, she begins to suck his balls. He loves when his huge cock fucks her mouth and I love to look at a young teen girl pretty face, when she sucks and stroke his big delicious erection. She gags and chokes on it, drenching it in her drool. He spreads her legs wide open and shoves his monster cock in her little pussy! This chick is tiny, with a tight little body, but he doesn’t pay attention and continues to shove his thing deep in her small body. The tiny girl begins to scream when his giant 11 inch cock destroys her pussy. She’s screaming like mad! POV views of his big cock going in and out her meaty pussy are absolutely amazing here! Suddenly he shoves his cock into her ass! His huge cock is totally in her asshole, her eyes and her mouth are wide open, she starts screaming harder than even before. He fucks her butt hole while she rubs her clit and rides his dick analy, having amazing anal orgasms. Finally after about 30 minutes he shoots his load and watches as the cum drips from her ass.  