My sexy blond girlfriend is studying for an English test and I know I’m not supposed to disturb her, but when she’s sitting with her legs open like that, wearing those white cotton panties and that tight schoolgirl uniform, I just can’t help myself. She needs to take a break from all that English anyway! She tells me that she needs to study, but she’s not crossing her legs. Quite the contrary, I can see her fingers softly caressing her pussy over her cotton panties, and the fabric is already drenched in her pussy juices. She places my hand between her legs and looks at me, I starts rubbing her pussy through her panties, she leans back on the sofa, her panties are getting wet, I slips my hand down inside them, it is warm and wet. I begin to caress her slit, play with her clit, she arches her back. She tugs her wet psnties to the side, giving me a glimpse of her delicious, pink, tender pussy. I spread her pussy lips with my fingers, and she passes hers up and down her wet slit. I can see her clit is large, wet, and throbbing… she wants it bad. She pulls down my pants and my hard cock pops out right in her face. She starts kissing my cock passionately, moving from my balls to the head, licking it with her tongue, sucking my balls, putting them in her mouth. She sucks and strokes my big throbbing erection, making loud sucking noises as she deep throats it all the way down to the base. I love her when she does that shit. Thick ropes of saliva drip from the tip of my dick and her lips as she continues blowing me. She wants me so bad. I put her down on her hands and knees so I can ram my hard cock deep inside her dripping wet pussy and fuck her very hard from behind. She pulls down her skirt and her panties and sticks out her beautiful naked ass. My girlfriend has a nice pussy and the position emphasizes her really thick pussy lips bulging between her legs. Her large pussy lips are literally dripping wet, her vagina is leaking juices. My throbbing cock is yearning to be in her warm tight pussy. I don’t even have to fuck her, she pushes her juicy bubble butt against my cock while looking over her shoulder with a dirty look on her face. After a while I take control, pounding her hard, lifting one of her legs up so my huge cock can penetrate her even deeper. She arches her back and pushes her hips up to meet my every thrust. She raise her leg up high and keep fucking her hard, holding her leg high in the air. I hold her ass and fuck her as hard as I can, she cant help but scream, I love her orgasmic scream and fuck her harder. My sexy girlfriend makes me lie flat on my back on the floor, sucking and stroking my cock some more before straddling herself on top. She impales her dripping wet pussy on my hot cock, pushing her heavenly naked body up and down my long shaft. Her meaty pussy looks amazing when she rides me. She rubs her muff while riding me and I know she is having an orgasm, she puts her fingers to my mouth, I taste her cum, it is sweet and makes me more horny. She flips over so I can check her juicy round ass out while she humps me in reverse cowgirl. I grab that meaty ass with my hands and squeeze it hard, pumping her tight pussy. Lying on her back she opens her legs wider wrapping them around me and moans for me to do it harder. I know she is about to cum, I go a little faster and she cums, her body shakes and she moans louder. I keep fucking her until I am ready to pull out and blow my creamy load all over her beautiful face!   Hey, do you happen to know that sexy girl getting fucked hard in front of the camera? You shouldn’t be surprised, after all, this is I Know That Girl, the hottest real user submitted amateur porn site on the web, featuring homemade videos and amateur scenes with hot, real life girls getting fucked hard while getting filmed by their boyfriends and exes! These girls could be somebody you know from school, work, friends or your building! New user submitted videos with the hottest real life chicks added all the time!