The naughty college girls in the dorm room invited some of the guys over so they can play spin the bottle with them. As the bottle spends, the sexy girls go taking off their tops, showing off their beautiful titties, making the guys get hard. When naked girls around you it becomes hard to hide the fact that you are hard. This guy gets to make out with one of the girls, this game is so much fucking fun! The bottle keeps spinning and the dares keep getting hotter and sexier! This girl is dared to give one of the guys a blowjob, he’s already naked and she doesn’t hesitate to take his big throbbing member in her hands, sucking and stroking it with a very dirty smile on her face. His dick tastes fabulous and she just wants to gobble it all up. Another girl is also blowing one of the guys, drooling all over his cock as she deep throats his member. It’s almost as if both girls are competing against each other to see which one of them can make their guy cum first. After the blowjob contest they say the boys can do whatever they want to them. The guys put these naked girls down on their hands and knees, penetrating their dripping wet pussies from behind and fucking them doggy style. The girls are facing each other and they can see their lustful expression as they are getting fucked by their lovers, with the rest of the girls in the dorm room watching them and cheering them on. Now the rules of the game change and it’s all about which guy makes his girl cum first, and who can make his girl cum the most! One of the naked girls changes position, straddling herself on her lover’s lap, impaling her dripping with pussy on his big hard cock and bouncing up and down his shaft in reverse cowgirl. The other girl lies on her back and spreads her legs so she can get fucked missionary style. The boys begin fucking them faster and faster. The girls are moaning and screaming like like they are at a Justin Timberlake concert, rubbing their pussies together. They rubbed their clits to get an edge, but they are so evenly matched up, and each orgasm is coming at them faster and harder! At some point, the girls stop keeping score all together and just start riding guys up and down like there is no tommorow. Now it’s all about having fun and enjoying getting fucked by these big hard cocks and having intense orgasms while the rest of the girls wait for the guys to cum and blow their creamy loads all over their open mouths and fill them up! It’s a simultaneous fountain of cum! Cum is everywhere, on their faces, their tits, the floor, everywhere. The girls lick it all off their cocks and lick each other’s faces clean. Even after that they keep playing spin the bottle and with the guy’s dicks! There’s nothing better than college sex without commitment.   Which one will u bang 1st? Only orgies, only threesome, foursome and more-some sex with young naked girls! Friendship and bonding take a new dimension when these girls strip naked together. Tons of dirty, slutty best friends forever get naked in front of the cameras, sucking dick, having sex, taking it up the ass, having sleepover sex with their best friends forever and so much more! You can sit back and bust a nut to hours and hours of hot young naked girls getting fucked hard over and over!