My girlfriend doesn’t mind when we are fooling around in her bedroom with her stepmom in the living room, so close to us that she could catch us if she happened to walk in on us while her stepdaughter is sucking and stroking my hard cock and filming it with her smart phone! While I was eating her pussy, her stepmom was practicing yoga in the living room. I was finger fucking my girlfriend and groping her tits while she rubbed her clit. She was on her back and she was holding her legs up in the air with her pink panties pulled aside, not paying any attention on her stepmom that could walk in on us. I didn’t think it would go any further. But she grabbed my cock and began to shove it in her wet slit. I was like, “What are you doing?” So there I was, banging her from behind, when suddenly I realised that she was in the room staring at us. Her stepmom wandered by and saw us! Looks like she liked what she saw, because she smiled and put her finger to her panties. She decided to join us for a steamy threesome fuck! Of course I had no objections, LOL! After all, with her daily yoga routine, my girlfriend stepmom has a smoking hot body, honestly, much hotter than my girlfriend’s! She also has experience so she knows her way around a cock much better than her stepdaughter! Totally turned on, my girlfriend jerked my cock while watching her stepmom stripped naked in front of us and joining us in bed. My girlfriend pulled off her panties and planted herself on top of my cock while her stepmom caressed her soft naked body and dripping wet slit. Watching the girls kiss while I was fucking my girlfriend was such a fucking turn on, stepmom on stepdaughter lesbian sex! My cock was really hard. I pounded my cock into my GF as hard and fast as I could. Then I could feel my girlfriend’s pussy clamp on my dick, she screamed out in ecstasy, it was an orgasm. After fucking my girlfriend she said let’s satisfy my stepmom! The hot naked woman took over, sucking and stroking my throbbing member and straddling herself on top, making her big tits bounce up and down as she rode me. Her horny little stepdaughter was sucking on her nipples and touching her big tits while she banged me. She was a woman with experience and I tried my best fucking her brains out! Then the girls gave me a shared blowjob, sucking and stroking my cock while licking my balls. I fucked my girlfriend’s stepmom in missionary position while my girlfriend sat on her face and got her pussy licked. I’m telling you, threesomes don’t get any hotter than this! If your girlfriend has a stepmom, try your best to convince her into having a threesome with her, I guarantee that you won’t regret it! I sure didn’t as I blew my load all over them! 