Your weakness will always get the best of you, just look at this burglar. He breaks into this couple’s home and sneaks into their bedroom. He’s so silent, he doesn’t wake them up while snatching their jewelry and valuables. It looks like he’s going to make a clean escape, until he opens one of the drawers and finds himself face to face with his kryptonite, his Achilles heel, the wive’s panty drawer! Apart from being a burglar, this dude is a panty fetishist, and he just can’t resist sniffing all those sexy thongs and panties! His distraction costs him, because the beautiful blond wife awakens. Startled, the burglar manages to sneak behind her, grabbing her and putting his hand over her mouth so she doesn’t shout and wake up the husband. He starts passing his hands all over the blonde’s big tits and smoking hot body and she reaches for the throbbing bulge between his legs, massaging it, it’s so hard from smelling her panties! The dirty wife gets down on her knees, grabs his dick with one hand and his balls with the other and begins sucking and stroking the burglar’s huge erection, it’s so much bigger and harder than her husband’s! She licks and sucks his balls and the burglar takes her back to the bed. The hot woman gets on her knees, and slowly pulls down her panties and sticks her naked ass in the air for maximum exposure and viewing pleasure. This woman has got a gorgeous big round ass! Nice thick PAWG with juicy thighs and a meaty ass! The dude spreads her big round buttocks with his hands and buries his face right up her ass crack to lick her ass and eat her twat. The slutty wife covers her sleeping husband with a blanket when her lover licks her tender little asshole and pussy from behind. She even twerks her big ass over his face, making him fuck her with his tongue. I love this scene, it’s fucking amazing to see her. Being the horny slut she takes an opportunity to get some strange dick, right on the bed where her husband sleeps. He begins fucking her doggie style from behind right next to her sleeping husband! Then naked woman straddles herself on top of the burglar, impaling her pussy on his big dick and riding him. Good to see a real woman in an RK show that knows how to fuck and be fucked. She rides him in cowgirl and then flips into reverse, her big tits bouncing up and down. Since she screams so much and they don’t want to wake up her husband, the burglar takes her to the bathroom, where she deep throats his big cock. She enjoys sucking his cock when her husband comes in looking for his beloved wife. She’s telling him how much she loves him while jerking off her lovers cock in one hand. He fucks her more doggy style like a dirty slut, cumming all over her beautiful ass! Great scene RK, bring more of the cheating sluts on here. More anonymous sex please. Masked scenarios are trending now. 