These two beautiful lesbian girls, a blond and a redhead, live together and they are sleeping as this burglar sneaks into the house and passes them by in search of their valuables. As silent as he is, the blond wakes up, feeling something is off. Somebody has been going through their panty drawers, but before she can do anything about it, the burglar sneaks up behind her, muffling her mouth with his hand. Surprisingly, she’s not actually scared. You see, being a lesbian, it’s been a long time since she had a man so close to her. She finds herself rubbing against him, her hand massaging his throbbing bulge while he gropes her big tits over her tank top. It seems this lesbian is tired of all this female bullshit from her girlfriend and doesn’t mind when his strong man’s hands roam her sexy body, pawing all over her tits and ass and inside her panties. This is too exhilarating to not at least attempt to have a taboo tryst with this dick throbbing thief. He pulls her tank top over her tits as he bends her over, munching on her asshole and her dripping with pussy. She pushes his head against her ass, burying it between her ass cheeks. The burglar licks her ass hole, sucks on her clit, tongue fucks her vagina and does it like her lesbian girlfriend has never done it. His tongue deep in her vagina brings her to a strong orgasm. She covers her mouth with her hand trying to keep herself from moaning too loud. He finger fucks her cunt while tossing her salad and the ex lesbian begins to moan, not being able to control herself. Her legs and her ass cheeks are quivering from non stop orgasms. She moans but he shuts her mouth with his big cock! She has never been with a man and the feeling of a hot hard cock in her mouth turns her on immediately. Totally in awe at the size and girth of his massive cock she begins to deep throat it! It’s been so long and this is the biggest cock she’s ever seen! She sucks and strokes it, swallowing it all the way down to the base. The young lesbian is really hungry for a cock! Sucking his cock she already imagines how good she will feel with it inside of her, how tight her pussy is, and how fat his dick is. He rolls on his back and tells her to sit on his dick. He grabs her waist, ramming his huge cock deep inside her pussy, fucking her cowgirl, stuffing her mouth with her very own cotton panties. His dick is all the way into her hot, very wet vagina. She begins going faster up and down on him, rubbing her tits over his face, twerking her ass, grinding his dick, bobbing up and down, moaning and cumming continuously. She gets down on all fours so he can penetrate her from behind, press her against his body and lift her up, fucking her in standing position! The lesbian has never seen such positions before. She loves her lesbian lover very much so, but let’s face it, a pussy just can’t do what a cock can do! He covers her mouth to keep her from screaming. He just has to make sure she wont wake up her sweetheart sleeping tranquilly in their bed. Since she screams so much and they don’t want to wake up her girlfriend, the burglar takes her to the bathroom, where she gets down on her knees, sucking and stroking his big juicy cock. Meanwhile her girlfriend has woken up and wants to take a bath with her, but she’s busy with the cock! He sits on the toilet seat and the sexy naked girl straddled herself on top, bouncing up and down his massive cock until the burglar is ready to blow his load all over her face and tits! This is real man’s sperm! She loves watching a guy cum and she catches and swallows all his cum jets.   Yes RK more sneaky scenes like this keep them coming! Having sex is hot, but having sex while sneaking around it even hotter and these teens get turned on by the idea of getting caught while having sneaky sex! Watch more reality porn, stealth, sneaky sex and almost caught scenes with the hottest teen babes and huge cocks. Watch all these young teens, babes, sluts and MILFS doing incredible things on camera in public, outdoors and with their parents / spouses next to them. The kings of porn give you the hottest, sexiest and horniest teens ever!