My beautiful blond stepsister sat down with me and shared with me that her boyfriend was gay! While, can you imagine that? No wonder I hadn’t seen him around for weeks! Of course my stepsister was feeling pretty bad, not just because of the breakup and discovering that her boyfriend was gay. You know, these things tend to make girls insecure about how hot and sexy they are and my lovely stepsister was in dire need of some sexual reassurance and I was more than happy to provide it! After all, I had always fantasized with banging her, and the only thing getting in the way was her boyfriend! Damn, if I would have known or guessed that the dude played for the other team, I would have hit on her a long time ago! That didn’t matter right now, I had the perfect opportunity to make up for lost time! She really wanted a hard cock after she broke up with her gay boyfriend. She started taking off her jeans, turning over and showed me her beautiful bubble shaped butt with her sexy thong riding up the crack of her ass! Man, even if I was gay I would hit it! She pulled the thong down, spreading her ass cheeks, showing me her asshole and her tender pink pussy burger. I couldn’t grasp how a man would let that ass go to waste, I sure wasn’t! I sat down with my throbbing cock between my hands as my naked stepsister sat on my lap and I could feel my meaty dick sinking deep inside her dripping wet pussy! Placing her hands on my knees, she made that fabulous bubble butt bounce up and down my rod! I couldn’t believe I was actually fucking my very own stepsister! She flipped over and lied back so she could ride me in reverse cowgirl position with her legs spread wide open. She had a beautiful patch of golden pubes like an inverted triangle over her slit, so fucking sexy! I love hairy pussies! She had her top pulled over her big tits, and her eyes went blank as she rode my cock. Her pussy with my dick inside was right in front of my face! Nice tits with big thick nipples. I said how beautiful she was and her pussy clenched around my cock, as if milking it, and she had an orgasm. Her legs even started to shake and it felt like she was going to faint. “IM COMING!” I yelled. And I felt my cock begin cumming inside her and the hot jets of my semen spurted directly into her vagina! She was in ecstasy feeling my cum hitting her belly inside. It felt sooooooo good, and we moaned together. He kept riding and bouncing on my dick unable to stop, and I didn’t know when she would stop. She desperately wanted my sperm in her mouth! She begged me to fuck her ex-boyfriend’s gayness out of her pussy and make her feel like a dirty fuck slut again! She made me cum two times while she rode me on the living room couch. The gratified expression on her face as I blasted with hot creamy cum was simply priceless! 