This sexy blond girl was so hyped from her yoga class, she confused me with the driver that was supposed to take her back to her place. Hey, it’s not like I had anything better to do, so I played along. She was all excited because in today’s class she had learned how to put her feet behind her head. Damn, just picture in it was giving me a hard on! As she showed me the position on the backseat she commented how bad she wanted to try it out during sex. She was totally stunning, amazing big tits, sexy legs, perfect ass! I had a huge hard-on. As she kept talking about yoga and sex I could tell she was getting very turned on and by the time we got to her place, this dirty little yoga practicing slut was ready to go! I parked and stripped of her yoga pants in the backseat, checking out her beautiful bubble shaped ass while rubbing her crack as she kept going on about yoga. Hey, I didn’t give a fuck, I was going to fuck her anyway so she could talk about anything for all I cared, LOL! I could see that her slit was wet, and she told me to touch it. She wiggled her ass and I admired her little asshole and her pussy burger. She lifted her naked ass making a juicy fat pussy lip sandwich! When I saw how bad she needed it I pulled out my big dick. As she invited me to lie down on the backseat, popping her big tits over her yoga brought, they were big and firm! She started sucking and stroking my big throbbing cock, licking the tip with her slick pink tongue. “It’s putting a fight going down my throat!” She said as she deep throated my boner. Thick ropes of saliva trickled down the sides of her lips as she went down on me, then placed my big cock between her big tits and massaged it, giving me a boob job in the backseat of my car. My cock was as hard as a rock, I could not believe this girl got into my car and took off all of her clothes, spread her legs and looked into my eyes and said I want you to fuck my right now. The yoga obsessed blonde sat on my cock with her juicy bubble butt facing my way, rubbing my dick between the crack of her ass, teasing me with her ass. She kept rubbing my penis against her wet pussy lips and then grabbed my dick and forced it as deep into her as it could go. Her fabulous ass and tits bouncing up and down as she rode my erection. I flipped this big titty babe over and she kept riding me, rubbing her muff and her teen boobs with her hand. Her big round tits looked awesome. She was moaning soo loud looking down on my dick that was going in and out of her cunt. She really enjoyed herself, and after every orgasm she had she stopped riding me me and immediately kept bouncing up and down because she couldn’t get enough. She had amazing sexual energy after her yoga class. Finally she put her legs behind her head so I could fuck her in that kinky position she had in her mind since leaving her yoga class. I began to fuck in and out of her twat as hard and fast as I could and her hips moved with me. She was going wild, biting me kissing me scratching my back with her nails. She kept asking for more and more. I felt her vagina clenched around my hard cock and and I pulled out and exploded in her mouth sending huge globs of semen down her throat. The teen slut slurped and swallowed it all down. My cock shriveled and slid out of her lips. She smiled at me and continued sucking my cock, still trembling from orgasm.   That’s stunning hot stuff. Hot slutty teen and a big dick. Let’s see more of her and other sexy girls. THIS IS LIKE NOTHING YOU’VE SEEN BEFORE! Don’t Break Me is a porn site filled with sexy teen girls getting their ultra tight pussies stretched out, pounded very hard by some of the biggest cocks in the industry and filled with gallons of hot cum. These teens never imagined dicks so big and loads this thick could fit in them! Don’t miss more teen sluts getting their pussies destroyed by the biggest dicks in the world!