While her uncle is fixing the kitchen plumbing, his beautiful blonde niece is busy with her cousin! She gets down on her knees, feeling the throbbing bulge his member forms under his shorts while releasing it from its cloth cage and taking it to her wet mouth, sucking and stroking it hard! Ever since she moved in with them so she can study at the nearby college she has been fantasizing with her cousin’s massive cock, especially after spying on him masturbating to online porn in his bedroom! She knows he has also been spying on her when she masturbates in the shower with the shower massager, but her biggest turn on is fucking her cousin with the chance of her uncle catching them! That shit gets this slut turned on big time! When her uncle gets up from under the kitchen counter, he can’t see her sucking his son’s huge cock! He gets back under the sink and the two continue frolicking, she strokes his dick and rubs his cock and balls all over her face, greedily swallowing everything that drips from his penis. The teen slut rubs her body against his own while he gropes and fondles her delicious tits. He slides his hand down her panties and starts rubbing her clit and her warm wet pussy lips. Her hand is over his cock and starts to go up and down. Her pussy is dripping wet, she wants his dick so bad, she even doesn’t pay any attention on her uncle. She spreads her legs over the kitchen counter and he stuffs her pussy with his hard sausage, banging her hard in missionary position. She rubs her muff while her cousin fucks her and she feels so dirty knowing her uncle is just a few feet away from them. A couple of times he almost catches them. His cock is inside of her when he asks to give him some tool. He bends her over the kitchen counter and fucks her from behind while she swerves and grinds her delicious bubble shaped ass, moaning a little but not too loud. Then she straddles herself on top and rides his big hard cock cowgirl style, then with her shoulders pinned against the hardwood floor until her cousin cums all over her slutty face and tits! Don’t miss more risky sneaky sex! 