Check out this beautiful brunette babe playing by the beach. She is absolutely gorgeous! It feels so good to be by the sea, that she can’t help stripping naked while running around with the sand between her feet and the cold water splashing all over her hot, naked body! The waves give her great pleasure and she likes diving into them, feeling connected with nature. It’s such a basic, impulse driven experience, so raw, so sexual! She rolls in the sand and flirts with the camera. She can’t wait to get back inside, where her huge rubber cock waits for her. Beautiful naked girl sits on it, grinding her pussy against it, feeling how it spreads her tender pink pussy lips, and teases and stimulates her slit and clit. She squats over it, impaling her pussy on it, feeling how it sinks all the way inside her and fills her up completely as she drives her body up and down that long rubber erection that never ever gives in! She spreads her pussy lips wide open with her fingers, massages her clit while riding her rubber lover, squeezes her tiny titties, fondles and spreads her sexy ass. Her hands roam over her smooth skin as she rocks her hips back and forth. Spreading her juice over her swelling clit she begins to thrust her wet clit up against the fat rubber shaft faster and faster. I am not usually one to be jealous, especially of an inanimate object… but DAMN! I so wish I was a dildo right now. I love that she puts the same energy and joy into everything she does, whether it’s fooling around on the beach or riding a big fat dildo like a wild thing. And she looks incredibly beautiful doing it. She feels her breasts and her erect nipples while massaging the rubber boner with her sexy feet, giving it a footjob! Naked girl flips over so her delicious bubble shaped ass faces the camera as she continues toying with the rubber dick, massaging her slit and pussy lips with it before squatting back into it, penetrating herself with the toy so she can experience several orgasms. Since her big rubber cock never goes limp she can ride it all day long and experience as many orgasms as she wants, this is her most devoted lover and doesn’t ask anything back! This is soooo sexy.. Lorena exudes a sensuality that is truly unique. Next time I would love to see her make it with a man where she brings him inside her. 