I caught my stepdaughter right as she was about to bolt out of the house in an inappropriately sexy outfit. I know guys and I know what they think about when they see a chick dressed like that! Her mom is a fat slob that does not discipline her properly, so it is up to me to get the job done. I made her go to her room and followed her and when I saw the mess she had in there, I almost faint! This girl definitely takes after her mom! When I told her I needed to approve whatever she was going to put on before letting her out of the house she started flirting with me, raising her skirt just enough to give me a glimpse of her pink cotton panties! Can you believe that shit? I must confess, I got hard! I got hard and the hot teen noticed! She pulled her top up, showing he her big mocha tits in her pink bra, making my erection even harder, bigger and more noticeable. Tuly blessed with huge, natural 36DD tits and a massive stacked black ass, this girl was a picture-perfect porn fantasy came to life. Fuck, you know what, I rather be the one fucking her and not some horny guy I don’t even know, she’s my stepdaughter after all! The slutty teen got down on her knees, grabbed my cock and began sucking and stroking my hard cock! I never ever have oral sex with her fat mom, and she could tell by the way I reacted as she gave me head! Hot fuck! Good thing we were in the bathroom tub while this was happening, because when her mom came wandering where her daughter was, I just closed the shower curtain so she didn’t see what was going on! Close call! Using the skills she learned from porn she almost made me cum right in her mouth while her mom was a step away from us!!! Once the fat bitch was out of the way I spread legged my stepdaughter and rammed my throbbing member deep inside her dropping wet cunt, fucking her in missionary position. My cock was too big for her young pussy but I could fit it inside. It feelt SOOOO good as I entered her and I started pumping away. I pulled her big mocha tits over her bra and watched them while fucking her little pussy. I loved seeing her boobs swaying as I pumped her. My teen step daughter began moaning with my huge cock deep inside her body, I put my hand on her mouth because her mom could hear us. She was dripping wet as I got faster and faster. Her pink clitoris looked amazing sticking up in the air between her chocolate pussy lips. I thought I was in heaven. Her pussy was so tight and I didn’t want to cum in my step daughter, so I sat on the toilet while he kneeled in front and started to massage my dick between her tits. She played with my hard cock between her ebony boobs, then straddled herself on top, impaling her wet pussy on my hard sausage and making her big tits bounce up and down like basket balls while she rode me. I fucked her from behind, she rode me in cowgirl and reverse cowgirl on the bathroom floor, until I blew my creamy cum all over them! She came too while riding me. The icing on her delicious chocolate tits looked great. My sperm was dripping down from her giant melons and her nipples! Just when I came her mom walked in on us!!! The old bitch was shocked when she saw what we were doing. I used to regret ever marrying her mom, but if I get to fuck her big tittied daughter on a regular basis, I can live with it, LOL!   A fan of this sort of adult entertainment? This black teen is so hooot! Her boobs and her skills in the bedroom have made her one of the hottest new prospects in porn, with a star that is only just beginning to shine bright. These guys from DigitalPlayground bring you the highest quality exclusive XXX content on the web, the hottest and the sexiest girls ever, the craziest and the most improbable sex scenes! They know what hardcore porn is and know how to film the best adult movies. You’ll find amateur girls and sexy teens among exclusive porn stars in a great variety of hardcore action, anal, group, internal cumshots.