This boy comes back earlier than usual from school. Her loving stepmom left peanut butter and jelly sandwiches in the kitchen counter, but she’s nowhere to be found. He goes upstairs hoping to find her in her bedroom, but he hears some strange and unusual noises coming from behind her bedroom door. He sneaks and and finds his beautiful blond stepmom and a stunning brunette woman completely naked and scissoring each other, their dripping wet pussies frantically rubbing one against the other. He can’t believe what he’s watching, his stepmom is a very sexy woman, but he has never ever seen her in such a way, much less totally naked and having sex with another beautiful woman. His teenage cock gets hard as a rock and he can’t help grabbing it and stroking it, masturbating compulsively as he watches his hot stepmom having lesbian sex with another woman. His stepmom looks up, and finds him there. She calls him over to reprimand him for watching them, but the beautiful brunette has other ideas in mind, grabbing him by his throbbing member and taking it to her mouth, sucking it with her delicious wet lips and smooth tongue. Even his very own stepmom reaches out, fondling his sausage with her soft hands, quite excited since she has never seen her stepson’s huge cock so close! It’s so big, hard and thick! The tall women make the boy strip naked and stand on the bed. The beautiful brunette holds him in her arms while his naked stepmom sucks his cock! He can’t believe he’s getting head from two hot women, they are going to take his virginity, that’s so fucking kinky! They toss him in bed and his stepmom sits on his face so he can devour and lick her dripping wet snatch while the brunette straddles herself on top of his lap, impaling her tight pussy on his huge cock and riding him. Their big tits bounce up and down as the women take him and turn him into their personal boy toy! The brunette kisses his lips while his stepmom sucks his hard cock, then she eats the brunette out on all fours while the little boy fucks her pussy doggie style from behind! The scene is absolutely amazing, a boy and two thick housewives. He loves getting to fuck his stepmom and her beautiful friend and watching the girls have hot lesbian sex while he cums all over their tits! 