I was surprised when my wife’s best friend showed up at the house early in the morning with a basket full of dirty laundry. She told me that her machine broke down and asked if she could do her laundry here. My wife and her are best friends so I’m sure there wouldn’t be any problem, even with my wife not home. What I didn’t know was that she had ulterior motives for her visit, she had been dreaming about fucking me after she heard about my huge cock from my wife! She’s a sexy short haired blond with pierced nipples and a cute butt, so you can imagine I didn’t have any choice! Of course neither my wife nor her husband had to find out, it would be our dirty little secret! She got down on her knees and unzipped me, totally amazed and turned on by the size of my cock. It was as big, hard and thick as my wife had told her! She began stroking and sucking it, confessing that her husband’s cock is hardly have my size! She tried to deepthroat it bit it was too large for her little mouth. She stuck out her tongue and started to slap it with my erection, a little slut! After giving me head I put her over the washing machine, spread her legs wide open and rammed my throbbing erection deep inside her dripping wet snatch, pounding her hard in missionary position. Her pussy looked so nice, pink slit, bald and smooth, and how tight it was!!! Her vagina was tight around my cock. She looked into my eyes and at my big dick. I made her stand and turned her over so I could fuck her from behind as she leaned over the washer. She was moaning and her little ass looked so inviting. She raised her top so I could check out her sexy titties and pierced nipples while banging her and slapping her tight ass. She lifted her leg up and began rubbing her wet clit. She had a perfect body, so firm, tight, perfect ass and lovely pussy! I was pounding her as hard and deep as I could.  I felt her pussy get so tight around my dick. I was trying my best not to blow a load inside her. I sat on the floor and the bitch rode me in cowgirl and reverse until I was ready to blow my creamy load all over her pretty face and pierced tits! 