I’ve always wanted to film my sexy girlfriend and make our very own homemade sex video. She usually denies me, but today, it seems like I made a breakthrough, since she agrees to show me some skin for my amateur XXX film! Yes! I followed her to the living room, where she gets down on her hands and knees and I can see her sexy pink thong under her miniskirt. She hikes up the skirt and twerks her juicy brown bubble butt and I can’t resist getting my hands all over them big, meaty mocha buns! She knows what I want to see, her big beautiful melons! My girlfriend has the biggest, sexiest chocolate tits ever! I love to play with them, but I like it even more when it’s her sensually stripping and massaging her big round jugs while I am filming her! She removes the thing and her pink snatch is already dripping wet with excitement, it looks like she gets quite horny in front of the camera! She rubs her muff for a bit and then finally satisfies me, taking off her bra and playing with her big round bubble mocha titties! She lies on her back and spreads her legs and I began fingering her cunt, she’s so fucking wet! She gets down on her knees, sucking and stroking my throbbing erection. I can’t wait to be inside her, fucking her so hard, and she knows it! She deep throats me, thick ropes of her saliva dripping down the sides of her lips, all over my shaft and balls and dropping all over her big tits and finally the floor. My girlfriend loves my big hard cock and she adores to suck my balls. She slurps and sucks on my balls and I place my hard cock between her ebony tits and she massages it with them. I literally fuck her incredible chocolate titties with my cock and she tries to catch the head of my cock with her tongue between her boobs. She says she wants to try it like in porn. Lol, sometimes she complains that I prefer fucking her tits more than her snatch, it’s true! After fucking her boobs she gets down on her hands and knees so I can penetrate her dripping with pussy and fuck her doggie style from behind while filming that beautiful bubble shaped brown piece of ass pushing back against my cock! She asks if she can ride me. She gets on top of me and sits down on my cock. She starts going up and down, her wonderful boobs bounce up and down too so I grabs them and starts feeling them agian. My girlfriend cums while riding me. I love seeing her boobs swaying as I pump her missionary. She begs me to cum all over her tits so I blow it all over her and let her lick my cum from her tits! 