These two very naughty teen girls just made a daring bet with their dads while watching the Olympics. If the countries that the girls are wearing in their T-shirts loose to the USA, their dads get to swap and fuck them! The girls don’t wear Team USA gear because the girls care less about being patriotic and more about the countries with the hotter guys. The USA comes out on top and the girls must meet their end of the agreement. The sexy blonde daughter watches as her best friend’s dad pulls down his pants in front of her in the living room couch and his massive erection pops out, it’s so nice and big! She stuffs her mouth with it, sucking and stroking it while imagining all the dirty shit her daddy must be doing to her best friend upstairs, it makes her pussy drip wet and drench her cotton panties just thinking about it! Her friend’s daddy’s cock is really big, but she still manages to deepthroat it all the way down to the base as he asks her to show him her tits. She pulls her top down to bare them as she performs a gymnastic move, arching her body back as she continues giving him head. Meanwhile, upstairs, her best friend can’t wait to see her friend’s daddy’s throbbing erection, licking it like a dirty slut. She also deepthroats his huge member and enjoys choking and gagging on it, it’s so motherfucking big! Downstairs, the naughty blond strips naked and plays with her big tits while spreading her legs so her friend’s daddy can eat her out, fucking her tight muff with his tongue. He pops his cock deep inside her tight shaved snatch, fucking her hard in missionary position. Back upstairs, his naughty daughter is getting her dripping wet pussy licked by her friend’s daddy and is soon getting plowed missionary style over the bed. Her fucks her so hard that her eyes roll back in her head from incredible orgasm! Meanwhile, her best friend straddles herself atop her dad’s lap and rides his cock and gets fucked, cradled in his arms in standing position. He puts her down on all fours and fucks her doggie style from behind like the dirty bitch that she is, probably as dirty as his own daughter! The other girl begins to fuck his cock with her mouth, deepthroating it and putting two balls completely in her mouth. Tho naked girls can’t wait for their swapped daddies to blow their creamy loads all over their sexy faces and open mouths so they can get together and exchange their experiences after this awesome daughter swap! 