Wife and housekeeper have lesbian sex behind her husband’s back! This sexy brunette housewife convinced her husband into hiring a housekeeper and since he let her pick her, she chose a smoking hot blond and she loves checking out her beautiful bubble shaped ass every time she has a chance! Her husband has no idea that she is by sexual an incredibly drawn to hot blond girls, but he’s about to find out, LOL! The brunette makes her move and starts making out with the beautiful housekeeper in the kitchen. The housekeeper doesn’t hold back, letting her hands explore the mature wife’s gorgeous body. To make things even kinkier, her husband is in the dining room! If he comes back right now, he might catch his hot wife having a lesbian make out session with the housekeeper! As he turns to his wife, the hot blonde dives under the kitchen counter so she remains unseen, but not still! She lifts the wife’s dress, munching on her juicy bubble butt while she talks with her husband. She digs her wet tongue deep into the crack of her ass, teasing her tender little asshole and licking her already dripping wet slit! What a fucking turn on! The husband leaves and his wife takes the housekeeper to the living room, spreading her legs wide open on the couch so she can finger fuck her luscious pussy while making sure she doesn’t get caught by her husband, who is still wandering around the house! This is so exciting for her, not just having hot lesbian sex with her blond housekeeper, but doing it behind her husband’s back at an extra kink that really turns her on! The hot blond continues licking her pussy and her asshole, kissing, sucking and caressing every inch of her gorgeous ass crack. Another super hot lesbian scene! She sreads her beautiful ass cheeks with her hands to let her tongue go deeper in her ass! After an ass licking orgasm the horny brunette straddles herself on top of her housekeeper’s face, squatting and sitting on her so she can get tongue fucked in all her nasty fuck holes. The beautiful housekeeper is doing things to her pussy and ass with her tongue that her husband never could with his cock! She runs her tongue between her labia and tastes the slippery sweetness of her, literally eating her vagina for dinner, sucking on her swollen clitty and running her tongue along the length of her slit. She swirls her tongue around her pussy in a circular motion. Her lover is moaning in pleasure as her mouth drinks her juices. A girl knows how another girl likes it and where she likes it. She keeps up her oral action on her pussy, slowly and gently, until her whole body trembles in a massive orgasm, flooding her mouth with her pussy juices. She cums all in her mouth as well and she licks it all up, every drop. She is very hot. Loves to eat pussy and loves to fuck girls. The naked blonde lies on the floor and the naked brunette sits over her, her wet vagina is right over her vigana. Naked girls are rubbing their dripping wet cunts one against the other as if they were fucking, thrusting their hips and pelvises together. There’s nothing more exciting then watching two naked babes in a scissoring dyke scene, their wet pussy lips and clits rubbing against each other, their juices mixing and their tits bouncing up and down.   The girls are totally turned on and the thrill of potentially getting caught is a major turn on. They both play with their clits and push themselves to climax. Imagine her husband’s surprise when he walks in just as his wife is having an explosive orgasm with her new beautiful lesbian housekeeper lover! Don’t miss more risky, sneaky and almost caught girl-girl sex scenes! Young lesbians, teens, moms and girls… There’s a reason why this site has been voted the World’s Best Lesbian Site and now you can discover why as you surf their breath taking HD videos.