Be careful what you wish for! This guy always wanted to have a girlfriend that would be okay with his video gaming lifestyle, but this teen babe is taking a little too far! She placed all day long and doesn’t even pay attention to his needs! Even if he tries to have sex with her, she just won’t let go of that damn game controller! He rubs and fondles her juicy bubble shaped ass, spanking her and pulling her thing aside to expose the sexy crack of her ass and that luscious little asshole and tender pussy burger as she keeps on with her game. He spreads her lovely ass cheeks with his hands and peels off the thong, ramming his tongue deep inside her anal sphincter and tongue fucking her sweet little asshole! The girl loves his tongue in her ass and on her clit, but she’s still not letting go of that game controller, not even pausing the game! He keeps eating her ass with the same conviction with which she is playing her game. Eventually, someone has to give, right? Now she’s down on all fours and still playing, but wiggling that flawless little bubble butt, so he rams his throbbing cock deep down her dripping wet cunt, fucking her doggie style from behind. His huge cock slides so deep into her body! This naked girl looks so hot with her cute little butt in the air and he fucks her harder and deeper! Looks like this does the trick, because his video gaming girlfriend drops to controller and latches on to his sausage, sucking and stroking it in a frenzy. She rubs her muff while he pushes her head against his crotch, ramming his sausage deep down her throat, making her choke and gag. Thick ropes of drool drip form her mouth and hands as she sucks and strokes his dick, she’s completely wet in it. She loves his huge cock, it’s so big and thick and all these young girls can’t stop sucking this huge cock. Soon young naked girl is riding his big penis. She’s moaning, grinding her pussy and trying to concentrate on her game but and it doesn’t take long before she begins to have an orgasm. He pounds her tight little cunt until he’s ready to cum hard all over her face! 