My hot blond girlfriend caught me spying on her big titty roommate in the shower. It’s okay, she doesn’t mind. Matter of fact, she likes to get down on her knees and suck my cock while I spy on her, it’s so fucking hot! She pulled her tank top over her big tits while stroking and slurping my dick, while her naked roommate was soaping up her wonderful breasts a few steps from us. She was so young but with so big boobs! She was hot, she had all the right curves in all the right places. My girlfriend didn’t want to risk to be caught there so she took me to the bedroom, stripping on her way, showing me her fine bubble shaped ass and her naked titties. I followed her to the bedroom, where she got down on her hands and knees on her bed, rubbing her dripping wet slit for me. Standing on her knees with her gorgeous ass up in the air my girlfriend continued fondling her wet slit, she wanted me so bad. She was sucking my cock one her roommate barged in, totally embarrassed and a little shy when she got a look at my huge cock! She left, probably embarrassed by the situation, but my girlfriend went to look for her. She said she had never seen a big dick before, and had never given a blowjob to a guy before. My girlfriend tried to get her to join us in the bedroom and let her play with my cock. When the girls came back they were both totally naked, fuck, my girlfriend’s roommate is so fucking hot, with big tits and a juicy round ass! She was fully naked, she sat by my side on the bed and started stroking my cock with my girlfriend’s permission. Isn’t my girlfriend the best shit ever? Her perfect breasts were right there in front of me. While she gave me a handjob I played with her big tits, feeling her fully erect nipples between my fingers as I caressed them. My girlfriend was open to the idea of threesome sex and we wanted to try it. I knew the opportunity with pop-up at some point, and this was it. The busty started sucking my cock and my naked girlfriend caressed her, pushing her head against my crotch, making her deep throat my throbbing erection. My girlfriend went to town on her big tits, licking and sucking her nipples, making out with her and putting on a hot lesbian show for me while I stroked my cock. Her roommate spread her legs wide open and as my girlfriend ate her out down on her hands and knees, I fucked her dripping with pussy doggie style from behind. My girlfriend wanted to watch me banging her roommate and pretty soon I had her spread legged, pounding her tight snatch in missionary position. While I fucked her, my naughty girlfriend sat on her face, so she could get her cunt tongue fuck by her beautiful roommate. I could see she was looking at my cock going in and out of another girl’s pussy and she liked it! Her busty friend was horny like hell, moaning between my gf’s legs, lapping up her juices and licking her wet pussy lips. My hot girl wanted to ride my dick too, she grabbed my cock and guided it to her vagina, she was moaning and screaming like I’d never heard, her roommate’s fingers were tickling her clit! Then naked girls got down on their hands and knees, side by side, so I could take turns fucking them doggy style! My GF knew I was getting ready to cum! She opened her mouth wide sticking her tongue out, waiting to receive my cum load. Her big titty friend wanted my hot, sticky cum all over face and tits too! I want you to cum in my mouth too! I want to taste your cum so badly!   When suddenly my sperm started shooting out in globs landing on my girlfriend’s tongue she pushed her aside and started to catch it with her tongue too! They were friends but when the girls saw huge spurts of my hot, tasty cum jetting out of my hot trobbing cock, they almost started fighting over my cock! Meanwhile I was emptying myself with spurt after spurt. I was gushing sperm like mad over and over their faces, mouths, surrounding and the girls were lapping it up with their tongues. When I finished naked girls began kissing with full mouth of cum, swapping cum and drinking it from each other’s mouth. Amazing amateur threesome! MOFOS is the world’s best amateur porn site, definitely make more of these threesome, POV, sneaky and caught sex videos.