This burly stud just moved into the neighborhood and he’s already getting a visit from two of his lovely neighbors, Tia and Eva! The girls even brought him some pies, since they figured out he just moved in and probably didn’t even have time to make himself a nice meal. So nice and considerate of them! Pretty soon he notices the girls are quite competitive with each other! You know how girls get when they act this way! Yeah, hot and naked, baby! Eva leaves for a second and Tia takes the initiative, getting down on her knees, grabbing her new neighbor’s throbbing erection, sucking and stroking it! This girl sure knows how to make a new neighbor feel welcome! Eva comes back and catches him off guard! The other girl leaves for a second, and she takes charge, stroking and sucking his still throbbing erection! The babes are almost fighting over his big cock. Pretty soon he’s got both girls sitting spread legged over his kitchen counter and he’s licking their dripping wet pussies. Why fight over his dick when they can both get a taste of it and he loves both their pies and wants to creampie them both! The girls get naked and begin to suck and stroke his hard cock, licking his balls, french kissing each other and the head of his cock, moving their tongues up and down, drooling all over his genitals together, slapping each other’s tongue and face with his cock. Eva can’t take it anymore she wants him so bad, she needs his hard cock inside of her wet pussy. She gets to ride on top first, impaling her tight cunt on his stiff ten-inch rode and making her juicy butt and big tits bounce up and down while the other girl waits for her turn. She’s screaming with ecstasy while her friend playing with her juicy tits and her clit. She pulls his dick out of her cunt and begins to suck them both, her wet pussy lips and his cock. He picks naked girl up and puts her on the kitchen counter, spreads her sexy legs and keeps fucking her while her friend masturbates and waits for her turn. She can’t take it anymore, she grabs his hot throbbing cock, pushes him onto his back and sits down on him. This busty babe is riding him so fast that her huge boobs are flying up and down! I don’t think she will ever stop. These two hot naked girls take turns riding his cock and mouth fucking him till he’s ready to cum in them and find out, whose creamPIE is better! After fucking both hotties in the kitchen it’s time for dessert! 