This sexy brunette babe promised her roommate that she would not bring any guys into the apartment that they share, but she simply couldn’t resist my huge cock, so she decided to break the rules and bring me back to her place after we met at a local bar. Sexy little bitch got down on her knees, sucking and stroking my throbbing erection, thick ropes of saliva dripping from her lips and my hard rod as she gave me head. I loved the way she played with it with her tongue, slurping it all back inside her mouth, then drooling all over my dick again. What can I tell you, I just love a girl that’s not afraid to get wet and messy when she’s fucking. So there she was, trying her best to deep throat my cock, when the front door swung wide open and in came her roommate, a hot brunette bitch with beautiful bubble shaped tits. Her smart phone dropped to the floor when she saw her roommate down on her knees and sucking on my big hard cock. I could tell she was upset, and that she stormed out, her roommate went behind her. I was worried for a few minutes until I saw the girls come back, holding hands and totally naked, looks like this duet was going to turn into a threesome! Her friend was fucking hot and had some awesome tattoos all over her beautiful body. The babes looked so sexy sucking and stroking my cock together, taking turns with it. While they gave me head I kept admiring their perfect bubble shaped butts! Naked girls french kissing each other with the head of my cock in between their mouths! These chicks gave me the best head ever, then the sexy brunette decided she wanted to be on top! She wasted no time and quickly straddled me. My girlfriend even grabbed my cock and helped her friend insert it in her, then put her hands on her bubble ass cheeks and started to push them on me, squeezing her ass. They were two crazy sluts! The view of her big ass bouncing up and down on my cock is one I will never forget. She was riding on my cock in cowgirl position, with my girlfriend watching us fuck! The girls then changed places and it was my babe’s turn to ride my cock. She was making her juicy bubble butt bounce on my erection and her roommate drooled all over her ass, her slippery saliva dripping down the crack of her ass and all over her pussy and my cock and balls as we kept fucking. They both were moaning and screaming as I kept pounding them both with my huge cock. The hot girls attacked my cock and balls licking and sucking them together. We switched to the doggy style and I kept fucking her busty roommate so hard that she almost passes out. I grabbed her tits and fucked her faster and faster. She was screaming with ecstasy. I kept fucking her and playing with her huge tits. The hot sluts traded places riding on my cock until I was ready to blow my load all over them!   Enter MOFOS right now and check out hot, real amateur girls that love risky encounters with their lovers! They like their fucking sneaky, behind the backs of their parents, boyfriends and husbands! They get turned on by the possibility of almost getting caught while sucking and stroking their lover’s big juicy cock, getting their dripping wet pussies licked and fucked, taking a big hard cock up their tight assholes and receiving creamy facials and cumshots! They are fucking with their roommates, boyfriends, mom, dad and siblings right next to them! The thrill of maybe getting caught while they fuck is so hot, cum check them all out right here! MOFOS is the world’s best amateur porn site, full of amazing threesome, POV, sneaky and caught sex videos.