This cute blond is dressing up her best friend and neighbor, a sexy buzz cut boyish chick, like a girl for the first time in her life. Damn, the goth girl looks so nice and sexy in pink! She knows she will be so much more popular with the boys in school after her makeover, and who better to judge than her daddy? She sends her friend downstairs so she can see what he thinks about her friend’s new attire! He’s thrilled. She looks so fucking hot, cute, sexy… he just keeps complimenting her and flattering her and shit, and it seems to work pretty well too, because the buzz cut babe hesitatingly comes to him and tries to kiss him. She hugs him, kisses him softly, and then harder and more passionately. He lifts her cute pink top, fondling her gorgeous tits and sucking on her fully erect nipples. This babe has amazing breasts, puffy big natural tits! Man, he’s wanted to fuck his daughter’s best friend forever! Her shaved hair turns him on so fucking much! It’s like banging Sinead O’Connor! A lot of girls can still look gorgeous bald. He lifts her skirt and puts his hand between her legs and touches her thru her now very wet pink panties. His own daughter is spying on them from her corner and smiling while watching her dad pulling down her best friend’s pink panties and kissing her naked ass. The girl knows she can’t stop him and lets him take off her panties. She has a beatiful body with a great ass and big tits. He begins to kiss her gorgeous ass and lick her ass crack and his tongue is sliding up and down. He puts naked girl over the kitchen counter, spreading her legs and going down on her, fucking that dripping wet pink pussy with his tongue, licking her clit and her labia. In the meantime, his daughter decides to visit her best friend’s dad, and boy, is he happy to see her too! He munches on her titties and spreads her legs wide open over his bad so he can lick and suck on that tight muff he loves so much. Meanwhile, her best friend is getting her dripping wet pussy pounded hard from behind against the kitchen counter by her daddy while she’s straddled on top of her friend’s dad’s throbbing erection, her tight cunt impaled on it, pushing her naked boy up and down. The bald naked girl has her legs behind her head, her friend’s daddy pounding her hot muff on a chair and making her scream in orgasm! I had no idea but it seems that bald girls are so hot and sexy! She sucks and strokes his hard cock before straddling herself on top and riding his dick in cowgirl position. You’ll love how her big natural boobs bounce up and down and he keps sucking on her big pink nipples. He slaps her beautiful ass and cradles her in his arms, lifting her up and fucking her in standing position, bringing her to another orgasm! This babe has one orgasm after another! Convulsions rock her body as she cries out in pleasure! So sexy! He’s pounding her the hardest and fastest that he can, she screams of excitment, while his own daughter is getting fucked by his neighbor too. Two naked girls love swapping fathers and fucking them simultaneously until they blow their creamy loads all over their bodies!   At Daughter Swap every single naughty teen girl dreams about getting fucked by somebody as hot and sexy after daddy, and the girls get exactly what they want when their horny fathers swap daughters so they can fuck them very hard and filled with cum! These naughty girls get off watching their best friends getting fucked by their dads while their dads are banging their dripping wet pussies and tight asses, making them suck their big hard cocks and lick their balls and blowing massive amounts of hot cum all over their dirty faces, their open mouths, their big tits and juicy butts!