Strange shit has been going on around my house. I put food in the fridge and a couple of hours later the food is gone! Since I can’t figure out what’s going on, I put a few cameras to find out. As I suspected, once I sat down and reviewed the footage, it was a slutty blond sneaking around and eating my food when I was gone. I knew it! But to my surprise, my hidden cameras captured some more interesting footage of the sexy culprit stripping naked on the living room couch and masturbating herself with a Doxy! Fuck, I wasn’t expecting to see that! The vibrator was still there, and it was warm and wet! I looked around and found the culprit as she tried to make it for the door! She told me she was homeless, so I guess she needed a place to eat… and masturbate! I wasn’t going to let her off the hook so easily, so I made her get down on her knees and suck my cock! Looks like this bitch hadn’t eaten any cock in a long time too, because she was gobbling up that dick like she was starving! She had a real penchant for sloppy blowjobs and swallowing cum. After fucking her mouth, I straddled her on top, impaling her dripping wet pussy on my throbbing erection and making her bounce up and down my shaft while I masturbated her with the Doxy wand. Her little tits were bouncing up and down and the teen slut focefully rocked her hips back and forth on my cock. I put her on her back and spread legged her. She was stretching her pussy so wide that I could see the inside of her vagina! Her pussy was breathing and trembling for my cock! She was fucking hot! Her pussy was so nice looking! Her asshole was great also. I kept pounding harder and deeper in missionary position, with her begging for me to go faster. Her small titties were bouncing back and forth at her skinny little body from the force of my thrusts. She was moaning very loud, screamin and yelling Fuck me, Fuck me, Fuck me, Harder, Faster, ooooo, yes! She could not stop moaning and yelling. She was coming, her vagina was pulsating around my cock, she wrapped her legs more tightly around my butts, hugged me close and she exploded in wave of orgasmic spasm. Finally I pumped a huge load of the thick, gooey jizm into her! She told me she wanted to be my little fuck toy and I guess I was okay with her eating my food and using my electricity for her sex toy as long as I got to fuck her! 