I don’t mind living with my stepsister, we usually don’t get in each other’s way, except sometimes when we bump into each other by accident while using the bathroom and today, she barged in while I was taking a shower and she saw my dick. It was early in the morning, so I had this massive throbbing morning wood and she just couldn’t look away! She was biting her lips and before I knew it, she was down on her knees, sucking and stroking my rock hard member under the shower! It wasn’t like I was going to make her stop, because she is fucking gorgeous and as it turns out, she sucks dick like a motherfucking porn star in a gonzo video, man! I had no idea she could be such a filthy slut like that! I couldn’t believe this was actually happening! She made me cum in her mouth, the globs entered her mouth so fast that I thought I was going to choke her with my load, but the teen slut swallowed it whole and disappeared! I still couldn’t believe what had just happened a few hours before when she crawled into my bedroom in the afternoon, looking for more! She told me she had fantasized with sucking my dick and getting fucked hard by me since she first met me and she was glad it finally happened. Well, the sucking part did, but I was pretty sure the fucking part was just around the corner as the dirty little bitch began sucking and stroking my cock back into full erection. My naked step sister straddled herself on top facing my way and impaled her dripping wet cunt on my massive boner, she was so fucking tight, wet and hot inside! This was it, man, I was officially fucking my very own stepsister! After riding my cock she got on her back and spread her legs and I pulled her to the edge of the bed so I could keep fucking her in missionary position, filling her up with my dick meat and making her moan and pant. I felt her pussy tighten around my cock and she began coming, she was coming!!! She was really climaxing, and I could feel her vagina pulsating around my cock, the tight walls gently squeezing and relaxing rhythmically along the length of my shaft. I pulled her top down, exposing one of her creamy tits, groping and fondling it, feeling her hardened nipple in my fingers as I fucked her deeper and harder, ready to pull out of her wet snatch and blow my creamy load of hot jizz all over her slutty face and tits! 