My slutty stepsister is always after my cock, even when her dad is taking a nap right next to us on the living room couch! There she is, jerking my rod with this dirty look on her face, rubbing my balls and my dick all over her face, sucking the head of my dick! She slaps my cock against her wet, studded tongue, but unfortunately we have to stop since her dad seems to be waking up from his nap. She pulls her tits back in her bra and covers my cock with a blanket so he can’t see what’s going on. Seems to work because the dad is fucking clueless. He decides to go upstairs to continue his nap so my slutty stepsister quickly pulls off her panties and takes off her bra, exposing me her juicy tits and her unshaved pussy! Oh, teasing me with a little bit of bush! Let it growwwwwwwww! My sexy step sister strips totally naked, spreads her legs on the living room couch and tells me that she wants me to fuck her wet pussy so bad! I rammed my hard cock deep inside her dripping wet pussy, fucking her very hard in missionary position. It’s such a turn on fucking with our dad in the house, because the possibility of getting caught makes it so much more exciting and hot. While I’m fucking her I grope and squeeze her big tits, spreading her legs wide open. She grabs them underneath her knees to make sure they stay spread while I’m banging her. We moan so loudly not worrying about the dad hearing us. I make her lick my cock like a fucking ice cream cone, sucking my balls and everything’s going fine until the fucking dad comes down again. He sits down to watch TV with us and since she’s feeling chilly he tugs the blanket away from us and realizes that we are both fucking naked! “WHAT THE FUCK?!?!” LMAO He starts yelling at me to get off my step sister, but instead of stopping my crazy step sister sits over me, grabs my erect cock and puts the head of my cock to her pussy and starts riding me, bouncing up and down, not paying any attention to his father! After he leaves, we keep fucking! My stepsister was riding me until I’m ready to cum all over her! Don’t miss more sneaky and step sibling scenes! 