This sexy blond college babe with big tits can’t remember the answers to the test, so she’s trying to copy off her classmate. Thing is, he’s not good to make it easy for her. He keeps his test out of reach since he’s much taller than her, but she’s a smart girl, so instead of trying to reach the test, she reaches between his legs, grabbing his big throbbing bulge, rubbing and massaging it with her hands. He fondles and squeezes her big tits while she rubs her juicy bubble butt against his crotch. He just loves how fucking tiny this bitch is! She lies back on the teacher’s desk, popping her big juicy tits over her tank top as he whips out his huge erection and she starts stroking it, licking and sucking it as he rubs it all over her face. Damn she has a cute face. Id love to cum all over it! He grabs the nearby stapler and she is surprised that his cock is much bigger than it, and he’s going to staple her pussy against the desk! Mesmerized, she keeps sucking and stroking his gargantuan erection, simply astonished with how big it is. His cock is so big that only the head fits into her little mouth. She lifts it so she can take care of his big heavy hanging balls, fondling, licking and sucking them with great pleasure. The teen slut quickly pulls down her pussy juice soaked panties, grabs his hot cock and starts to rub it over her slit, laying on the teachers desk with her legs spread wide open! The their teacher can walk in on them at any minute! He spreads her legs over the teacher’s desk and starts pounding her tight pussy with his big dick in missionary position. She’s about to scream when she feels his huge cock reaching the deepest region of her vagina with massive, powerful strokes. She closes her eyes and bits her lip to keep from crying out loud. It’s only go like halfway in, too fucking big. She can feel her vagina stretches tight around his shaft as it slides in and out with wet, squishy, sound, deeper with each thrust. He literally destroys her completely removing the meaty cock from the slit and pushing it back inside her with full force. She begins moving her hips, rhythmically pushing her clit up against him. He begins thrusting faster now, in and out, and she’s taking the full length of his huge penis inside her. The correct answers to the test are the last thing on her mind right now, she just wants him to fuck her brains out, and hopes his massive cock doesn’t split her in two in the process. She rubs her clit with her hands while he’s banging her hard, and she can imagine what would happen if the teacher would walk in on them and find them fucking on his desk. Mmm, maybe he would decide to join them for a threesome fuck and she would get her dripping wet pussy double penetrated by their big cocks! In the meantime, her stud lies flat on his back and she straddles herself atop, impaling her teen pussy on his massive pole and riding it, making those big tits bounce up and down as she takes it all in. They do it in all of the various positions right on the teacher’s desk and after plowing her tight pussy and stretching it out with his big cock he blows his load all over her big tits!   Sit back and watch as these hot teens take off all their clothes, spread their legs wide and get their pussies fucked hard by the biggest dicks ever! The tight mouths, pussies and assholes of theese teens will get stretched out of proportion as they get fucked hard by the biggest dicks in the business and have their tender nubile naked bodies drenched in loads of hot, sticky man cum or get filled up with gallons of sticky cum juice! You think these teens are sweet, innocent and cute, but these naughty girls are so dirty, they are insatiable, but only the biggest cocks can satisfy them!