This man’s daughter and her friend were practicing their cheerleading routine at his home. He loves it when his daughter brings her over, she’s a spunky asian brunette with a curvy body and he enjoys checking her out while she practices with his daughter. The tiny teen hit the showers after their practice is over and lathers up her hot body, tender titties and voluptuous bubble shaped butt under the hot water. Of course she can’t resist grabbing the shower massager and using it to masturbate herself, it just feels so fucking good! While doing so, her friend’s dad is spying on her, jerking his hard cock while watching her. This petite teen has an unusual look to her but it’s not ugly. When she looks up and realizes he’s there, naked tiny asian girl invites him to join her under the shower, so she can drop to her knees, sucking and stroking that big throbbing erection she has fantasized so much about. He holds her by her pigtails while she gives him head, making loud and sexy sucking noises as she tries to deepthroat it. She drooled all over his massive cock and he cradles her between his arms while ramming his thick dick deep inside her dripping wet pussy and pounding her hard in standing position. After fucking her like this, they hit the shower again, so she can lather up his hard cock and big balls. He puts her against the shower pane, pressing her tits against the glass surface as he penetrates and fucks her hard from behind. He lies flat on his back and the petite naked girl straddled herself on top, her juicy bubble butt facing his way as she impales herself on his hard cock, making her beautiful body bounce up and down his long shaft. It gets even hotter when he pulls his sausage out of her cunt and jams it deep inside her tight little asshole, anally pounding her while she rubs her dripping wet snatch. The anal is unexpected and greatly appreciated. Nice to see an actual teen taking a cock in her ass. This is the first time she ever had a big hard cock wedged inside her virgin asshole and it feels so fucking hot, she loves it, much more so considering it’s her best friend’s dad’s cock! She’s screaming when his fat dick with full force going in and out of her tight asshole. The anal orgasm she has is nothing she has ever experienced before. How awkward would be if his daughter would step in on them right now and find her beloved and idolized daddy fucking her best friend in the ass! Just thinking about it makes him blow his load inside the chick’s butt! 