Ever since this young punk started dating his smoking hot brunette girlfriend he’s been dying to fuck her and today, since his parents aren’t home, it’s finally his chance since they hardly ever leave and finally he had the whole house to himself! His beautiful girlfriend makes him sit on his parents’ bed, pulls down his jeans, grabs his throbbing erection and starts sucking and stroking it with both hands. He can hardly believe this is finally happening and he can hardly contain himself. Her warm mouth and caressing lips make him want to explode right in her beautiful face! The sexy teen makes loud sucking sounds as she eats his dick and looks him straight in the eye, so fucking sexy! She drools all over his shaft while sucking, and pulls down her panties too, spreads her lovely ass cheeks and sits on his face so he can lick her dripping wet pussy as she keeps giving him head. What he doesn’t know is that his mature stepmom is already back home! She’s a stunning brunette with a smoking hot body, long legs, toned bubble butt and huge round tits. When she walks into her bedroom, she’s quite shocked to see her stepson and his girlfriend in a sensual 69! Actually, it gets her so fucking turned on that the woman starts touching herself over her denim pants. She had no idea that her stepson had such a huge cock and he was so good at licking pussy! She lets them be and heads to the bathroom, taking a hot bath and masturbating herself as she recalls what she just saw! Meanwhile, her stepson’s girlfriend is ready to take that cock so she runs to the bathroom to find a condom, and gets who she finds there! The raunchy naked stepmom pulls her near and begins licking the teen’s pussy, tasting her stepson’s cock on her snatch! She invites young naked girl to join her in the tub so the girls can have hot lesbian sex, eating her out and spreading her legs so her stepson’s girlfriend can get a taste of her mature pussy. What will the kid think when he finds two naked girls in the bathtub, licking each other’s pussy and ass and making each other cum? The MILF loves the fact that this girl swings both ways, because her stepson’s next and she is in the mood for a kinky threesome with the teens! Wondering where his girlfriend went, the young punk wanders into the bathroom and finds her making out with his stepmom in the tub! The girls bring him over and give him a shared blowjob! He can’t believe he’s losing his virginity with two girls at once! He takes turns fucking them both and blows his load all over their faces and his stepmom’s big tits! 