When my beautiful girlfriend told me she had a very special surprise for my birthday I wasn’t even close to imagining what she had in mind. She blindfolded me and when she removed the blindfold from my eyes, I could see that her BFFs had a beautiful birthday cake for me. The surprise was, that the girls were all wearing sexy lingerie! My girlfriend’s was white, and her best friends’ red and black! The half naked girls looked so fucking sexy! My girlfriend and I have always joked around having a foursome with her best friends, but I never imagined she would take it seriously, much less make it happen! I had to be the luckiest motherfucking boyfriend in the whole world, LOL! The girls wanted me to blow out the candles, even though my dreams had already come through! Then the girls unzipped my pants and took my throbbing erection, sucking it together! Man, I was getting a triple blowjob from my girlfriend and her best friends! They took turns popping it in their mouths, licking, sucking and kissing it. While one of them took care of my cock, the other girls each took care of one of my balls, so fucking hot! After such a delicious appetizer, it was time for the main treat. I thought my girlfriend was going to be the first one to ride my cock, but she let her friend in red lingerie go first. The sexy babe straddled herself on top of my hard cock and the girls guided it inch by inch until my cock was totally inside her tight, dripping wet snatch. She started to bounce up and down my cock and her friends caressed her beautiful bubble shaped butt as she rode me in cowgirl position. In between fucking her, my sexy girlfriend grabbed my cock and sucked it so she could taste her friend’s pussy on my cock. Her friend got back to riding my dick, and my girlfriend to care of licking my balls. The sexy blond in black lingerie came next, and she squatted on top of my cock, pushing her body up and down while riding me in reverse cowgirl. The friend in red lingerie rubbed the blond’s cunt while she bounced up and down my throbbing member. I put all three naked girls down on their hands and knees, one next to the other, and took turns fucking their pussies doggy style from behind. Naked girls look so hot and beautiful together like this! While I fucked one of them, I used my free hands to masturbate the others. I was so thankful that I was going to bless all the girls with a gift too. My sloppy jizz all over their faces of course! The girls were anxious to know over which one of them I would blow my creamy load, so the rest could lick my sticky cum from of her hot naked body! My girlfriend had definitely gave me the best birthday gift ever, now I just hope we turn this into a regular part of our sex life and not just something we do for my birthday, LOL!   Which one will u bang 1st? Only orgies, only threesome, foursome and more-some sex with young and hot naked girls! Friendship and bonding take a new dimension when these girls strip naked together. Tons of dirty, slutty best friends forever get naked in front of the cameras, sucking dick, having sex, taking it up the ass, having sleepover sex with their best friends forever and so much more! You can sit back and bust a nut to hours and hours of hot young naked girls getting fucked hard over and over!