Fucking the hot blond culprit delivering unsolicited fliers at my door! Every single motherfucking day I find my front door littered with unsolicited fliers and I was determined to stop the culprit delivering such unsolicited fliers, so I set up a hidden camera to find out who it was. As it turns out, it was some fucking blond teen slut. Man, did she freak out when I came through the door, busting her! She tried to run away, but tripped along the way. At least he didn’t get hurt, but I caught a glimpse of her pussy peeking from under her panties when her miniskirt hiked up after her fall. She also scraped her knee, it was just a little bit of blood, but I decided to be a good guy, carrying her on my arms back to my place so I could take care of her boo boo. It didn’t take her long to feel better, actually, she felt so fucking good that she spread her legs wide open, giving me a full view of her cotton panties, as she unzipped my pants and took hold of my huge throbbing member. It felt so good when her little hand wrapped around my rod. The tiny girl gently caressed my hard cock as I pushed it underneath her panties, rubbing her dripping wet slit with the head of my penis. She had that gorgeous pussy with smooth lips and wet pink slit and a cute little clit between them. She pulled her panties aside and didn’t stop me when the head of my cock slided between her slippery pussy lips. She was so tight. Her vagina wrapped around my penis like a glove. She was looking at my huge cock going in and out of her little pussy. That girl was smaller than my cock! She moaned, and began to play with my balls. Her little hand was stroking my balls, while my huge penis probing deeper into her slit. Small naked girl knelt down in front of me, she was still surprised at the size of my 11 inch cock, but she was determined to try to swallow the whole thing. But no chance, it was too big for her little mouth. Only the head of my monster cock was in her mouth, she couldn’t take more. I asked her if she wanted to ride it. I popped it inside her and pounded her hard from behind as she squat on my bathroom chair. Her pussy was so fucking hot, wet and tight, fucking this sexy blond slut was definitely worth all those damned fliers she left at my door! I was ready to blow my creamy spunk all over her dirty little face! 