Now the teacher understands how his student always gets what she wants! This teacher makes his student stay after classes because he overheard some of her classmates talking about her and he is quite concerned with her reputation with being a girl that thinks she can get whatever she wants. He wants to understand what this means, and what better way for her to make him comprehend them by giving him a hands on demonstration? The schoolgirl gets down on her knees, unzips teacher’s pants and begins sucking and stroking his rock hard erection! She takes that cock like a teachers pet. Now the teacher understands how she gets her classmates to do anything she wants them to, her oral skills definitely give her an edge! The teacher knows it’s not okay for him to let one of his student suck his cock, it definitely has to be one of those since that are frowned upon, but this dirty little bitch is such a gifted cock sucker that he just can’t bring himself to make her A blowjob performance stop! He strips her totally naked, takes off her pink bra, revealing two the most beautiful titties ever, pulls down her skirt with her panties, and these beautiful ass cheeks are in his hand! He rubs her cute little butt, admiring her perfectly tight nubile body as she sits on his desk and spreads her legs so he can finger her dripping wet pussy and her little clit. Fully naked schoolgirl gets on the teacher’s desk on her hands and knees and spreads her ass cheeks with her hands, exposing the crack of her ass and her tender little asshole doggystyle with her back arched! Fantastic little and sexy coed, incredibly lovely ass, flawless teen pussy and I luv young girls with small titties. Her teacher can’t wait to ram his hard cock deep inside her tight pussy and fuck her doggie style from behind. He enters her from behind and holds her ass thrusting in and out then grabs her hair and begins to move faster, and fuck her harder and deeper. Then he lies on his back and naked girl straddles herself on top, impaling her pussy on his cock and riding him. She even rides his cock in sideways cowgirl, a position he has never ever seen before! After fucking her from behind while lying flat on his desk, her teacher blows his load in her nubile body! This scene is yet another top notch demonstration of why Alice March, with her combo of utter beauty and stellar performance, belongs to the top tier of female porn actors at present. Don’t miss more school porn with tiny girls and big cocks. 