I always wanted to film my hot black girlfriend, unfortunately, she doesn’t feel the same way. That didn’t stop me from searching for the perfect moment to catch her off guard and convince her to star in my very own amateur homemade sex video! The opportunity came when she took a shower and I took my camera and started recording as she walked out of the bathroom. Of course she got camera shy, covering her beautiful big tits with her towel, but I convinced her to just let herself go. It sure took me a bit, but I managed to warm her up to the camera lens and as I began touching her sexy naked body she loosened up, slowly becoming that insatiable cock craving, cum loving fuck slut that I know her to be! My girlfriend’s tits are just so damn beautiful. She has great, big natural tits for a girl so young. Seeing them jiggling right in front of me always drives me wild. She spread her legs and let me film her as I played with her clit, but her real asset was her humangous tits. My naked girlfriend got down on her knees by the side of the bed, and began sucking and stroking my big throbbing cock as I filmed her. I held her head and fucked her mouth until her gag reflex kicked him, she looked so fucking sexy choking and gagging on my dick. Soon after, I lied flat on my back and she jumped on the cock and took it for an amazing ride. She straddled herself on top, firmly grasping my cock and guiding it inside her, impaling her black pussy on my white cock. She rode me in cowgirl position, her beautiful ebony tits bouncing up and down in front of my camera. Now she was getting into it! I Love black girls because they know how to work a cock. I placed her on her back, spreading her legs wide open and fucking her in missionary position. Shy and quiet at first, now she was fiercely expressive, screaming at the top of her lungs, letting me know how good my cock felt inside her dripping wet pussy and begging me to fuck her harder and turn her into my fuck slut! That’s my girl! I grabbed her f chocolate tits while banging her, squeezing and groping them, feeling her hardened nipples between my fingers. We kept fucking in several different positions, just like they do in the professional porn movies and pretty soon I was ready to give my girl the money shot and I sprayed my hot cum all over her face and open mouth and her big tits. Now she asks me to fuck her with the video camera on all the time! 