We were stripping naked with my babe in bed and making out all hot and heavy. She was totally naked except for her sexy thigh high striped socks and she was sitting on my cock, grinding her body against mine while we made out. We were kissing passionately and she stuck her tongue into my mouth. She started rubbing the length of her pussy slit over my cock, it was amazing! I sucked on her puffy nipples, and I felt the head of my cock slowly slided between her pussy lips that were wet with her juice. She told me that she was getting really wet and she wanted me to eat her out. I spread her legs and tongue fucked her pink little cunt. She grabbed my head and pushed it against her pussy lips, cumming hard as I ate her out. Then she straddled herself on top, impaling her dripping wet pussy on my throbbing erection and riding me in cowgirl position while we continued making out passionately. That’s when I heard the door unlocking and I discovered this bitch had a boyfriend and he was just coming back home! Holy fuck! I hid behind the bed, praying this dude didn’t see me there! Luckily for me, he was beat from work, and as soon as he arrived, he got on the bed and went to sleep. I thought this was the perfect moment to leave, but as it turns out, his kinky girlfriend was still feeling horny and wanted me to keep fucking her… right next to her sleeping boyfriend! This was too fucking kinky to pass by, so there I was, getting my throbbing erection sucked and stroked by this chick while her boyfriend dozed up right next to us. I had never been so fucking turned on and as hard in my life! Nasty little bitch drooled all over my hard cock looking at her sleeping bf from time to time, her mouth was deepthroating all my big cock. She sucked harder and faster, I thought she would let me cum in her mouth and let me go but she didn’t! Now she wanted me to fuck her with my cock. I laid flat on my back as the cheating girlfriend straddled herself back on top and continued riding me. I thought all the bouncing would wake her boyfriend up, but it turned out that this guy was a real heavy sleeper. Better for me! She kept bouncing up and down my rod, rubbing her asshole as I stuffed her tight muff and then I put her down on her hands and knees and fucked her doggy style from behind. I don’t know, man, there’s just something hot about sneaky sex, banging a girl right next to her sleeping boyfriend. He even woke up at some point and she told him to go back to sleep because it was just a bad dream, at least for him! We kept fucking and we were as quiet as possible so as to not awaken him. She was so turned on that even started to squirt! Finally I came all over her face and once we were all done and I snuck out, she even went to sleep with all that ‘manyannaise’ all over her cheating face. I think she told him that it was just her favorite ‘facial cream’!   Moore scenes like this! Love the sneaking! Don’t miss more reality porn, sneaky, risky, cheating, and caught sex videos with hot young teens, babes and MILFs! Watch all these girls doing incredible things on camera in public, outdoors and with their parents / spouses next to them. Having sex is hot, but having sex while sneaking around it even hotter and these teens get turned on by the idea of getting caught while having sex with their lovers. RealityKings give you the hottest, sexiest and horniest young girls ever. Don’t miss more reality porn with these hot teen girls! 