Imagine my surprise when I walked into my house and found my girlfriend cleaning up my bike. Don’t get me wrong, it’s not like she’s doing it out of the kindness of her heart, she actually decided to sell it, without even asking me first! Well, since my girlfriend was definitely in the cleaning mood, I asked her if she could cleanup my throbbing hard cock and my big balls while she was at it, and she was more than glad to do so. She pulled down my boxers and looked at my huge cock like it was the first one she had ever seen. She slowly opened her mouth and took my cock it. “You like it?” she said. She got down on her knees, sucking and stroking my big hard cock, with her tank top pulled over her beautiful tits while giving me head. I love watching her play with her boobs while slurping my dick, it’s so fucking sexy! She put me cock between her tits and massaged it with them, letting me fuck them and sucking it some more. She got naked and straddled herself on top of my hard cock. My cock was looking for her little hole sliding the full length of her very wet slit. She lowered herself onto it and her vagina took my full erection all the way in. My sexy girlfriend began riding me like a horse, making her beautiful naked body bounce up and down the length of my tool. As she slid on my Pogo stick I groped and fondled her fine tits and put her on her back, spreading her legs and fucking her in missionary position. As I continued to fuck her, she shoved a couple of digits in her mouth, sucking hard on them at the same rhythm with which I was pounding on her tight pussy. When we are fucking we both love watching how my big throbbing cock goes in and out of her tender pink pussy, spreading and stretching her pussy lips as I bang her. I pulled out of her cunt and placed my dick back between her tits so she could give me a boob job, massaging my member with those beautiful meaty bangers. Then I lied flat on my back again so she could squat and sit on my dick, pushing her juicy bubble shaped butt up and down my pole, riding me in reverse cowgirl. She knows how much I love checking out her ass while she’s bouncing on my dick and it’s just a matter of time before my sexy girlfriend makes me blow my creamy load all over her beautiful backside. Now I’m okay with herself in my bicycle, LOL! 