I love sneaking into the bathroom with my sexy girlfriend is taking a shower. She looks so fucking hot with her big tits and juicy bubble butt covered in soapy suds. She knows what I want to see, you see, my girlfriend is the queen of twerking, and I just love watching her twerking her juicy bubble butt in the shower, splashing water and lather all over the place as she shakes and grinds her fabulous ass. Watching her twerk gets my dick as hard as a fucking rock so she knows what comes next! My sexy naked girlfriend continues soaping herself up while twerking, and I reach out, fondling and groping her beautiful ass. After rinsing off under the hot water, she drops to her knees, unzipping my trunks so she can release my throbbing member, sucking and stroking it with a filthy expression on her face. She loves it when I fuck her mouth, making her choke and gag, drooling all over my dick and my balls. I make her stand and turn her over, raising one of her long legs as I ram my hard cock deep inside her dripping wet snatch, fucking her from behind standing in the shower stall. When I stopped fucking her, my dirty little bitch pushes her juicy bubble butt against my cock, urging and begging me for more. I love it when she does that shit! I keep fucking her in standing position. This time I have her facing my way, with one of her legs over my shoulders. I take her out of the shower and to the bedroom. I make her lie flat on her back on our bed, spreading her legs and ram my hard cock deep inside her gaping asshole, giving my slutty girlfriend an intense anal pounding. Hardcore anal action, it’s what my girlfriend loves. It’s always so fucking tight and I love feeling it stretch out as I penetrate her. I lie flat on my back and she squats on top of me, impaling her dripping wet pussy and her tight asshole on my dick, making those tits and that juicy bubble butt bounce up and down as she rides me anally and vaginally. I pin her shoulders to the floor and continue plowing her asshole until I’m ready to cum all over her! Don’t miss more incredible POV girlfriend’s porn! 