My slutty stepsis got grounded, but she still was masturbating in her bed with her BF by the phone! My slutty stepsister’s mind is always on sex. She was lying there with her legs spread wide open, with no panties on and rubbing herself between the legs. Since our parents were out, she was doing it in their bedroom, on their King sized bed. I was shocked that she was not embarrassed by being nude and masturbating when I watched. She asked me if I liked her pussy! “Don’t you want to touch me?” My cock was throbbing, it was hard but I could resist the temptation. Our parents left me in charge of making sure she didn’t sneak out and pretty soon I find her trying to get out of the house. I didn’t let her, it’s not like I gave a fuck, but I didn’t want to disappoint my parents. She told me she would not try to sneak out again, making my job of looking after her quite easier, if at least I helped her with some selfies for her boyfriend. I agreed and pretty soon I find myself snapping pictures of my stepsister for her boyfriend while she stripped naked. Her naked ass was gorgeous, I moved my hand up to her thighs, then up a little more, and a little more and she didn’t mind when my fingers were between her wet pussy lips. The little slut arched her back and let her big bro get a feel of her on the inside. Of course I got turned on, after all, she had as been teasing me all day long, masturbating on the phone to her boyfriend and making me take nude pictures of her. While she talked on the phone with him, I spread her legs wide open and rammed my throbbing erection deep inside her dripping wet pussy and began fucking her. She started rubbing her snatch while I fucked her, as she continued talking with her boyfriend as if nothing was going on. I couldn’t believe I was actually fucking my very own stepsister, slutty as she may be! She pulled her tank top up, exposing her firm tits and squeezing them as she moaned and panted over the phone. Her boyfriend probably thought they were having phone sex, not even imagining she was getting fucked by my big cock while they talked! Now, that would be awkward! I made her turn over, leaning over the back rest of the couch, fucking her from behind, enjoying the view of that juicy bubble butt. She kept moaning over the phone when my big cock made her cum. She was still talking on the phone while I sprayed hot spunk all over her pretty face and open mouth. I was shooting cum onto her face and into her mouth and she was swalling all of it as fast as it came out. The little cum loving slut wanted some cum selfies for her boyfriend! She enjoyed it so much that after finishing her conversation with her boyfriend she came over to the bedroom letting me know she wanted to keep sucking and stroking my big hard cock and swallowing every single drop of my precious cum after I fucked her tight pussy until my parents came back home. Fucking hot!   Sis Loves Me is the best amateur porn site on the web for you to enjoy a daily blend of the naughtiest stepsisters caught on video while having dirty sex with their very own stepbrothers! They just can’t help themselves! Cum watch raunchy videos of dirty step sisters stripping naked, sucking their stepbrothers’ big hard cocks and licking their balls, getting their twats licked, enjoying anal sex and getting fucked by their stepsiblings and taking loads of hot cum from them! Now that their stepbrothers have seen them naked in the shower and masturbating, why stop there? Cum check them out!