I really love my girlfriend, but her sexy blond roommate is such a slut, I just can’t resist fucking her when my girl is not around! Thing is, it looks like today, my girlfriend got back from classes earlier than usual, walking in right when her roommate was done on her knees and sucking my big throbbing cock and licking my balls! We almost get caught, but I managed to trick her into going to our bedroom, telling her that I had a surprise for her in there! That got us off the hook, now I just needed to come up with something to surprise my girlfriend with! Good for me, my girlfriend was fucking horny, she masturbated all day in school thinking about my cock and it looked like she was more interested in fucking than getting a surprise. She always looks so sexy when she comes back from her classes, in her cute schoolgirl outfit she likes to wear, teasing me with her short skirt and panties. She made me lie on the bed, pulling down on my pants and grabbing my big juicy cock, sucking and stroking it. I was worried she might notice the lingering aftertaste of her roommate on it, but luckily that didn’t happen! While my girlfriend sucked my dick, I could see her naughty roommate peeking through the door, teasing me, what a bitch! While my sexy girlfriend was sucking my cock her slutty friend was playing with her pussy and teasing me with her ass. The little bitch has a gorgeous ass! My girlfriend couldn’t stop moaning with my delicious cock in her mouth when I was already struggling to keep from shooting off. The possibility of getting caught was the thrill! I asked my girlfriend to give me one minute, telling her I needed to go check on something. Her slutty roommate was waiting for me, sitting on the kitchen counter with her legs spread wide open and her panties pulled aside, rubbing and fingering her dripping wet pussy. I couldn’t resist ramming my throbbing erection deep inside her tight slit. I felt her pussy pulling my dick in like it wanted to eat it. She covered her mouth with her hand when I started to rock back and forth inside her pussy. I had just begun fucking her, when my girlfriend walked in on us! She stormed off and I thought I was in really deep shit, but her roommate ran after her, not only able to console her, but she somehow managed to convince her into having a threesome, can you fucking believe that? Cheating on your girlfriend with her friend or roommate is usually a recipe for disaster, but when you’re dealing with such teen sluts, it can only lead to threesome. When I walked into the bedroom, my girl had her legs spread wide open and she was getting her pussy licked by her roommate! She was kissing her clit and licking her lips wildly with her tongue, so hot! Then the girls made me lay on my back and kissed and liked me all the way down my body. They took my hard cock and began sucking and stroking it together, kept kissing with tongue into each others mouth’s and the head of my cock between them. My girlfriend climbed on me, her friend took my dick and rubbed her pussy lips with it for a while and then pushed her ass cheeks onto me. My girlfriend has a round ass that I absolutely adore. I cupped her buttocks in each hand and squeezed them gently while her friend was still kissing her and her hands rubbing her tits and her sensitive little asshole. My girlfriend’s ass bounced up and down when her friend licked her ass crack with her tongue, fucking hot! My cock and her tongue brought her to orgasm almost immediately. Her slutty roommate grabbed my cock and sucked it and licked my girlfriend’s pussy lips, then straddled me and sat down on my cock. I was pounding her as hard and fast as I could, pulling her toward me while my girlfriend rubbed her clit furiously. She was trembling and screaming like crazy and her legs were shaking as I speeded up, I thrust my cock in and out of her faster and faster. Her orgasm was mind blowing! The girls took turns riding me and getting their wet pussies fucked hard.   I could feel that I was going to shoot. I pushed into my girlfriend’s pussy as far as I could go, friend’s hands squeezed my balls and I ended up nutting a ton of cum into her. Cum and juices were oozing out of her gaping vigina. Her crazy friend lashed her tongue about her dripping with cum slit and inside of her hole, fucking unbelievable! Love the cum kissing and sharing at the end. Ladies and gentlemen I present to you two of the hottest girls, Gia Paige and Marsha May! This video causes so much sexual tension! Mofos I applaud your site, everyday beautiful stunning women in the hottest amateur, POV, sneaky, cheating and almost caught sex scenes. Threesomes, foursomes, double blowjob, cum swap… this is why they are the world’s best amateur porn site!