You can imagine my surprise when I saw this babe fresh out of prison, still in her orange jumpsuit, jumping over my fence and sneaking into my house! It was pretty scary, though I must admit that she looked kind of hot, especially in her prison garbs! You know what they say, orange is the new black, LOL! I followed her silently while she went through my girlfriend’s clothes in my bedroom and finally decided to confront her. Honestly, while I watched her changing into my girlfriend’s clothes, with her sexy black lingerie, I couldn’t help getting a hard-on. She had such beautiful body. Nice bubble butt, sexy legs and natural titties. This chick was fucking hot and her attitude was incredible! Absolutely fantastic. Still I needed to get her out of my property, but I guess my threats weren’t really credible when the print of my throbbing erection could be seen through my pants, LOL! As it turns out, apart from some clothes, this sexy prison babe was also eager for a big cock to fuck after months of being on an all-pussy diet, LOL! Before I knew what she was done on her knees, giving me the best blowjob ever! I mean, this bitch was sucking and stroking my cock like it was the last one on earth! I bent her over the bed and rammed my hard cock deep inside her wet, warm and tight pussy, pounding her hard and fast! Her vagina became very tight after all those months without a cock inside. She squeezed my cock with her pussy like a virgin! I never knew that fucking a cock hungry prison babe, with piercings and tattoos could be so fucking hot! She moaned and groaned like crazy, rubbing her clit, asking me to slap her ass and fuck her harder and harder. She tore her wet panties off, pushed me onto the bed and jumped on me! WTF, only a few months without a hot hard cock can turn any girl into a cock hungry maniac! She rode me, moaning, twerking her sexy ass, grinding me hard, rubbing her clit and having one orgasm after another. She said she almost forgot the taste of cum and she wanted me to cum in her mouth and swallow the whole load. I blew my creamy load right in her throat so she could eat it and leave before my girlfriend came back! 