My buddy’s sexy slutty sister lured me into their place with the excuse that the dishwasher had broken down and she wanted to see if I could get it fixed, though it was all just the way for her to get a hold of my huge cock! I suspected what she was up to, but I played along. After all, my buddy’s sister is fucking hot. She was wearing nothing but a pink tank top and pink and black panties, wiggling her sexy little bubble butt while bending over the dishwasher.  She looked straight at my prick and licked her lips real slow and asked if she could touch it. I could see that she was really horny and before I could even answer she wrapped her little hands around my shaft. Pretty soon she was down on her knees, unzipping my pants and pulling down on my boxers, releasing my huge throbbing erection. “What a very big pipe you have!” She said with this dirty look on her face as she began stroking and sucking my member. She said that she was in shock, because she never seen one so huge. All her friends in school had 5 inches and and 1 inch thick but I was almost double the size. It looked like her lower arm. My penis was too big for her. But all these young girls love sucking on my unit and like my massive cock penetrating their pussies hard and deep. After giving me head, she turned over and removed her panties, revealing her shaven wet pussy. My buddy never talks about his sister, probably because she’s so damn fine and so damn slutty. “Well what are you waiting for” and spreads her lovely ass cheeks wide “Go ahead now, bury it in me!”. I rammed my massive cock deep inside her tight cunt with one swift shove, and started banging her very hard doggie style from behind. “That’s such a big cock!” She moaned as I pounded her snatch. Her pussy was as wet and as tight as I had imagined. Just watching her pushing her juicy bubble butt against my cock was a motherfucking turn on. After fucking her from behind, I flipped her over like a fucking pancake, spreading her legs wide open and fucking her pink pussy in missionary position while she rubbed her clit with her fingers. I never forget looking into her blue eyes as she guided me in with her hand. I could tell how bad she wanted that big hard cock inside her. I pulled her tank top down so I could check out this nice little titties bouncing up and down as I fucked her. Nice! I fucked her sideways and the teen slut spread her ass cheeks wide open with her hands so my dick could penetrate her even deeper. I grabbed her ass harder, and pushed hard further into her tiny body. I was a little bit tired from banging her so much, so I sat on the kitchen stool and the hot young naked girl straddled herself on top, impaling her cunt on my massive erection and making her naked body bounce up and down the length of my cock. She’s so fucking hot, riding me, grinding, kissing me passionately, caressing my ball swith one hand and making her vaginal muscles clench my cock.   She started to moan and trembled until she was overcome with a powerful orgasm and she was spraying pussy juice onto my cock and rubbing my cock all over her pussy. She was trembling and shaking, moaning with that mixture of pleasure and pain. Her juices were running down her thighs, It felt so good. “Fuck me! Bang me HARD! Fuck my brains out!” And I did, jack hammering my cock in and out of her as fast as I could until I was ready to blow my creamy load all over her!  I was slamming her faster and deeper and she started to scream in delight, she had one more orgasm. I took my massive cock out of her tight pussy and I began shooting my huge load in her face, in her eyes, mouth on her hair. I thought I’d never stop cumming, the little slut was cumming at the same time. Her bro thinks she is still a virgin when she fucks with the biggest cocks only!