When this beautiful, long legged mature blond comes back home, she is surprised to find her teen stepdaughter masturbating herself on the living room couch while listening to some sensual tracks on her smart phone. She has never seen her this way, and she finds it quite arousing. She takes off her high heels, walking on her tiptoes so she can get closer to her stepdaughter and get a better look at her masturbatory session. When she removes the earplugs from her stepdaughter’s ears, the sexy teen finds herself in an awkward situation, caught masturbating by her stepmom, imagine that! Since the girls are all alone and her dad won’t be back until late that night, the sexy cougar asks her stepdaughter she can show her how she masturbates and give her some tips. She helps her out of her tight denim shorts and sexy little thong. Her stepdaughter’s pussy is already soaking wet as she firmly grabs her juicy bubble butt in plays with it, spreading her ass cheeks, exposing the crack of her ass and her beautiful, tender little asshole. The girls both get naked and the naughty stepmom makes out with her hot stepdaughter on the couch exploring her mouth with her wet tongue and slipping down her nude body, all the way to her dripping wet pussy. Naked woman gets on her knees between her legs licking and sucking her clit, fucking her slit. The young girl feels a sensation that she has never felt before in her life. She tongue fucks her, rubbing and fingering her stepdaughter’s cunt, muffling her orgasmic screams with her hands. The neighbors don’t need to find out her stepmom is making her stepdaughter her newest lesbian lover! Then the naked woman spreads her legs and allows the young girl to practice with her juicy cunt. At first she just rubs her clit and her lips and then she realizes that she wants her to lick it too, so she does. She opens her big meaty pussy lips with her fingers and begins to kiss, suck and lick her vagina. Then the MILF decides to show the girl what the ass rimming is. Young naked girl gets on her knees and her horny stepmom spreads her beautiful ass cheeks with both hands and starts licking her asshole and darting her tongue in and out! Then the hot blonde sits her big ass on her face as she munches on her pussy! Two naked girls take turns eating each other out and licking their tight assholes and the horny cougar makes her stepdaughter cum over and over in a hot lesbian session that lasts until minutes before her daddy comes home! 