I never pick up strangers so when I saw this sexy brunette stranded by the side of the road because she ran out of gas, I limited myself to giving her directions to the nearest gas station. Thing is, the nearest gas station is pretty far away. She asked if I could take her there, but I was going in the opposite direction. That’s when she flashed me her tits to get into my car, and as you can probably guess, those big round boobs convinced me! Hitchhikers are usually scrappy and ugly, let’s be honest, but this chick was hot, fucking hot! We hit it off, and they got to see more of her beautiful tits on the way. Pretty soon she had her legs spread wide open and her thong pulled aside as she rubbed her lovely pussy on the front seat. I could tell this sexy chick wanted more than just a ride to the gas station! I pulled over and she grabbed my cock and started sucking and stroking it like crazy. She drooled over the tip of my dick and spread it with her hands all over my shaft and balls, lubing me up. She made sexy sucking sounds while eating my cock, licking and sucking my balls too. I took her outside, lying flat on my back on the pick-up’s bed while she stripped naked. She mounted herself on top of me, took my cock in her hand and lowered herself right on to it and my cock slided between her lips right deep into her warm, slippery vagina! She rode me making her nice tits bounce up and down. Naked girl squat over my cock, rubbing her pussy while riding me, moaning and grunting. I popped my thumb in her mouth and she sucked it like a dirty little fuck slut, looking so sexy as she did so. After riding me cowgirl style, she flipped into reverse, this way could check out that beautiful bubble shaped butt on her, bouncing up and down my lap. I took her back to the passenger seat, spreading her legs and fucking her in missionary position. She held her legs spread wide open, grabbing them underneath her knees, begging me to fuck her deeper, harder and faster! She rubbed her cunt as I banged her and blew my creamy load all over her beautiful face and open mouth! Her face was so beautiful covered in my cum! 