I’m a wedding photographer and I thought I’d never tell this story, but I decided to do so, because it’s so unique! Check my best wedding video with one of the most beautiful brides I have ever photographed especially in this special wedding ceremony. Believe it or not, this bride tried the wedding dress on and my cock too! The late morning of the wedding day, I was going to film a love story with the bride and I just so happened to find her slipping into her wedding dress! She looked so sexy in it, small titties and a skinny little body, angel face, so innocent and gorgeous. She was getting married and her heart, and her tight little pussy, would belong to a single guy. That’s okay, the fiancée loved her groom and looked forward to their wedding, but lucky for me, she was going to get some extra cock before tying the knot! Since we had some spare time, and she was turned on with fucking a stranger before the ceremony, I decided to give it a go. She pulled down her bra, panties and her garterbelt and let me play with her soft tits and her dripping wet pussy. The fiancée pulled her wedding gown up around her waist, and she pulled me close to her, and she was kissing me madly while my fingers were rubbing her wet lips between her legs. Then she got down on her knees, pulled my throbbing erection and began to rub it all over her beautiful face, then began sucking and stroking it. I just hoped her fiancé didn’t walk in on us, I’m sure that’s not the kind of shit the groom wants to see before the ceremony. I spread her legs wide open and started fucking her tight cunt with the wedding dress still one. After fucking her like this for a while, we swapped positions and she got on top, her juicy bubble butt facing my way as she guided my throbbing member deep inside her tight muff, impaling herself on it and riding me in reverse cowgirl. I grabbed that meaty ass with my hands, watching it bounce up and down my rod. I put her sideways and lifted one of her legs and just kept drilling that dripping wet pussy of hers. I wondered if my future bride would look as fucking hot in a wedding dress. We were getting closer to the wedding and I had to wrap this up before her soon to be husband came around looking for his bride. The sexy blonde cock loving bride groped her big tits and begged me to cum already, what a sexy bitch! My first stream of cum flew into her wide open mouth, spilling out and running down her chin. She closed her mouth to swallow when the second stream splashed all over her face. The third stream hit and covered her tits. As I blew my creamy load all over her, I just hoped the dress didn’t get too wrinkled and I didn’t get any cum stains on it. Good thing it’s all white, LOL! The wedding went on as scheduled. With her new weddings makup she walked down the aisle with my cum on her beautiful face.   These beautiful real life amateur girls agreed to let their boyfriends, lovers, friends and coworkers film them while stripping naked, sucking their cocks and getting fucked hard by them! They loved being the star of their homemade porn movies and amateur sex videos, but now, nothing is stopping these guys from uploading this raunchy homemade footage online and sharing it with everybody that wants to watch these dirty sluts sucking, fucking, masturbating, having hot lesbian sex and doing loads of other dirty stuff right here at I Know That Girl, the best site for user submitted real amateur porn!