My wife is a stuck up bitch and she never lets her daughter, my stepdaughter, a sexy blonde teen dress up all sexy and provocative to go to her parties. Today is no exception. “Young lady, no daughter of mine dresses like a slut!” is here go to phrase. Well, I think differently. I think she looks fucking hot dressed like that. She’s so happy to have me on her side that she wants to show her appreciation, and since watching her in that slutty outfit has given me a massive erection, she gets down on her knees so she can take care of it, sucking and stroking my hard cock. Her mouth was so small and she tried her best to swallow my huge cock. She does these sexy sucking sounds as she eats my dick that turn me on so much as she keeps telling me how big and hard my cock is. At least somebody in this family can appreciate that, LOL! I lie on her bed, stroking my cock while the little slut strips naked and straddles herself on top, impaling her dripping wet pussy on my throbbing erection and riding me cowgirl style, grinding that beautiful bubble shaped butt against my crotch as I hold her tight by her ass. I spread her ass cheeks, exposing her tender little asshole, contracting with every thrust of my cock against her pussy as her naked body bounces up and down my shaft. As I fuck her, she leans against me, so I can suck and lick the puffy nipples crowning her milky tits. Her tits are so much firmer than her mom’s saggy boobs, her pussy so much tighter, her body so much hotter, well,, you know what I mean, LOL! The way she moans and grunts and pants as I fuck her is so damn hot, I just hope her mom doesn’t hear us, since that would be quite awkward, don’t you agree? She asks if fucking her like this feels good, hell yes it does! I pin her shoulders against the bed mattress and power fuck her, pumping her dripping wet snatch with my huge cock. “Give it to me! Give it to me!” she squeals as I fuck her faster, deeper and harder. I put her in missionary position, spreading her legs as I keep fucking her until I’m ready to blow my creamy load all over her face! Her mother came in and was shocked! 