My dad got himself a new girlfriend, and she’s quite younger than my mom, LOL! She’s a smoking hot brunette with big tits, but I think she’s nothing but a gold digger, going after my dad’s money. My best friend told me I should either expose her, or maybe just fuck her to see what the hype is all about. Of course, the second option sounded much more interesting, LOL! I sneaked into the bathroom while the naked woman was taking a shower and film her with my smart phone. Watching her soaping up her smoking hot naked body and lathering those big round tits gave me a tremendous hard on! She had a really nice body and a nice ass. Her boobs were really huge! Unfortunately, I tripped over, alerting her of my presence. I was busted! And my dad was back in the house! I was in so much trouble! To my surprise, my dad’s girlfriend didn’t expose me, telling me to hide with her in the shower! Man, I had her all wrong! She looked really hot she just smiled at me and asked if I had ever been with a mature woman before and it told her no. She made me strip naked, got down on her knees and started sucking and stroking my throbbing erection! Yes, my daddy’s new girlfriend was sucking my cock! I could not belive this. She turned over, pressing her big tits against the shower pane, you know, like the doing all those erotic movies. She bent over, I got behind her and felt her cunt with my hand, it was hot and slimy, I guided my cock towards her pussy KEEP IT IN! and began fucking her from behind. This was a much better feeling than I have ever had when I masturbated. Despite her age, she was so fucking tight! Now I understood what my dad saw in her. I couldn’t avoid blowing my load all over her delicious bubble shaped butt pretty fast. I thought it was over, but the busty woman sucked my cock back to hardness so we could keep fucking! She told me to put it in her pussy and keep fucking her hard. Her big bubble tits bounced up and down as we fucked in the shower and I came all over them again when she gave me boobjob, squeezing me with her amazing huge tits! Her tits were so big, that I couldn’t hold them with one hand. The sexy naked woman bobbed her head up and down on my cock and I blew again, filling her mouth with my juice and covering her tits. She rode me on the bathroom floor and made me cum in her and on her again and again. 