Best halloween porn ever! This guy is trick or treating with his friends and they are all wearing disguises and going door to door, until they reach the home of this sexy blonde cougar disguised as a naughty witch. She lets them into her house and he asks if he can use the bathroom. As she walks down the hall on her way to fetch more candy, she realizes the guy left the bathroom door half opened and she can see him jerking off while watching porn on his Smartphone! She hasn’t seen a dick this big and hard in a long time and she enjoys the view, far from getting upset, she gets down on her knees, sucking the guy’s dick while popping her big tits over the top of her costume. One of his female friends thinks he’s taking too long and goes looking for him, finding him getting head in the bathroom from the naughty cougar! They invite her to join them for a hot threesome fuck! Trick or treat, bitch! The cougar puts her on her knees so she can suck her friend’s throbbing cock, that’s the kind of candy she was looking forward to licking and sucking on all night long! The cougar pops the teen’s tits over her costume and helps her suck that dick while she licks and sucks his balls. The girls get on the bed, and the naughty teen straddles herself on top of the guy, impaling her dripping wet snatch on his big fat cock and riding him while the MILF witch spreads her ass cheeks with her hands. She wants to lick that little asshole so she makes the teens hold her ass cheeks spread while rimming her delicious asshole with her smooth tongue. The blonde strips naked and straddles herself atop the guy’s cock, riding him in reverse cowgirl like a witch on her broom, her big tits bouncing up and down while the teen fondles them and sucks on her nipples. The stud spreads her legs while fucking her so the dirty teen slut can lick her slit and suck his cock while rubbing her snatch and they continue fucking in many different positions. Both girls are smoking hot! While their friends wait for them in the living room, the teen gets fucked doggy style from behind while eating the MILF slut out! In the end he cums in their faces just as the milf’s daughter walks in on them. 