This sexy black girl and her hot friend asked me if I could film them in their dance class. I was more than happy to do it, I love watching and filming beautiful girls moving their bodies in sexy ways and these girls were smoking hot! We met at their studio and I started filming them, watching the girls shaking and moving their beautiful bodies, twerking their juicy bubble butts and looking so sexy! My cock grew instantly when she pulled down her pants… what an ass. I was getting so turned on watching them that I was having a hard time keeping the camera steady and concealing my throbbing erection from them, but they could obviously tell how horny and turned on I was! It looks like they liked that, because they started teasing me, moving closer together, touching their tits and asses and kissing while I filmed them! Fucking hot! That hot black chick was smoking hot, beautiful face, big tits, amazing ASS and her friend with cute face, thick booty and cute small natural tits was hot too. Both girls are sexy as fuck. That chocolate and vanilla twist was irresistible. The white chick tank top down, exposing her milky tits as her black friend and dance partner began sucking on her puffy nipples, kissing and licking them with a dirty look on her face. The hot girls got down on their knees, unzipping my pants and grabbing my throbbing cock in her hands. They both opened their mouths wide and said we are going to give you a kiss you’ll remember forever. At that the girls began tongue kissing passionately with the head of my cock between them. It felt fantastic! The girls took turns sucking and stroking it together, sucking my balls and kissing me. They pulled down their tops, showing me their tits while taking turns giving me head. Then they stripped naked and got ready to fuck in a hot threesome! The white chick quickly took off her panties and straddled herself on top and impaled her pink pussy on my hard cock, making her fit body bounce up and down my shaft while her sexy black friend watched us fucking while masturbating herself. She rubbed her ebony muff and caressed her friend’s pussy with her fingers and she almost immediately came. Her pussy was so tight! Her lips wrapped around my cock felt so good that I thought I was going to cum in her. The white girl rode my cock when her black friend rubbed her pussy before taking her place, letting my big hard cock sink deep inside her tight twat, her big chocolate tits facing me as she rode me. She spread her delicious brown butt cheeks while riding me and her friend spanked her ass, masturbating herself and making out with her while she made that big brown bubble butt bounce up and down my dick. Naked girls stood and I fucked the white chick from behind while her ebony friend rubbed and fingered her wet snatch from the front, sandwiching her. The black girl went next. I fucked her too, standing, with my hand covering her big breast. Hot girls pushed me on the mat and jumped on me, one on my cock and the other on my face! It felt so incredible. She stood over me and put her pussy in my face and told me to lick her out and pushed my face into her wet lips.   It was really a hot scene with hot black girl riding my cock, pushing her hips down on me hard and her sexy friend riding my face, spraying pussy juice into my mouth and rubbing her pussy all over my face. Naked girls took turns riding my cock and my face. After pounding their pussies I was ready to blow my creamy load all over their bodies! Two naked girls caught the cum in their mouths as it squirted out. Thick streams of cum ran down their faces, dripping off their chins, running down their bodies. When I finished squirting the girls kissed, licked my cock clean, and asked me if I wanted them to dance naked for me, with my cum dripping off their faces. These dirty sluts hit the mark, its great to see nasty fucking whores like these earning their pay while being young and fresh while it lasts, Go Girls! Don’t forget to download the full video!