When I first met this cute brunette babe, she was so shy, sweet and modest. She was the girl whom I always admired from afar and was afraid to approach, a decent, pure and almost virginal womanly ideal. She was (in my mind at least) unspoiled and so sweet-natured but I could tell there was a very sexual and intense side of her she was just too afraid to show. The whores with big boobs get the guys first. After lots of talking, I finally managed to make her break free of her shell, man, have a unleashed a nymphomaniac! Now that she finally got in touch with her most raw, sexual side, she wants to release and enjoy it and she doesn’t pull back! She has a discovered a strong exhibitionist streak in her, she gets turned on showing me her beautiful tits while outdoors in public! Her nipples are so fucking hard and she tells me her pussy is dripping wet and drenching her cotton panties! Violet is absolute pure cute and sexy perfection. I just wanna look in her eyes as I pound her into an insane orgasm. I’m in love! She takes a bowl full of fruit and veggies to the backyard, gets down on all fours and pulls her panties aside, exposing her lovely pussy and her cute asshole! She pulls them down, showing me her delicious bubble shaped ass, then she grabs a huge ripe cucumber and rams it deep inside her pussy, fucking herself with it! Yes, she has discovered that she loves masturbating with vegetables and fruits! The sexy babe places the cucumber upright and impales herself on it, riding it with her ass cheeks spread wide open with her hands. Next, she fucks herself with a banana! She looks so fucking hot pushing it deep inside her muff! After pleasuring herself with it she gets back inside, doing a hot strip tease routine by the window, showing off her sexy ass, nice tits and dripping wet cunt. There is nothing sexier then a naked girl dancing for you. She explores her vagina, first with three then four fingers, and spreads her private parts for extreme closeups. She wants to try to be an extreme girl, and so she attempts to fist herself and eventually gets her whole hand in her vagina. She fucks herself with her hand and then calls her friend and gets fisted by her best friend while she uses a vibrating wand! She truly is an extreme girl! 