Damn, some people just don’t know how to pick the right person! I was driving around town when I saw this blond girl in distress. She was fantastic! absolutly gorgeous! It seems like she had an argument with her boyfriend and he kicked her out of his place. Of course I offered her a ride and the usual, you know, a shoulder to lean on, somebody to listen to her, the kind of shit chicks need when their asshole boyfriends act out on them. I really don’t know why girls like this worry so much about guys, they are smoking hot and he can have whoever they want. If he couldn’t appreciate the sexy babe he had for a girlfriend, the loss is his, not hers. She was really thankful for my words, I guess they were just what she needed to hear to get her self-esteem back off the ground. Matter of fact, she was so grateful, she wanted to show me in a very special way. While I drove, she leaned over and started sucking and stroking my hard cock. Damn! I looked for a quiet spot where I parked the car and we could be alone. She pulled her tits over her dress and her panties aside and sat her pussy down on my dick. A random girl whom I had never seen before was over me and forcing my cock into her vagina! I remember she was soaking wet once I actually entered her. She was turned on with the idea of casual sex with a stranger. In situations like these, sometimes all a girl needs is a hard cock and a good fuck to rebound and get back on track, LOL! She bounced up and down my hard cock in the back of my ride, riding me in cowgirl and reverse. What a beautiful face, titties and a pink pussy! The hot naked blonde started to rock back and forth on me riding me, breathing heavy and putting the pressure on her clit. I put her in missionary, her legs immediately spread as she pushed her knees out exposing the nicestest little pussy I had ever seen! I was sucking on her boobs and playing with her little pussy which was super wet, dripping wet. I grabbed her thighs and pulled her onto my cock. Banging harder and harder that dripping with pussy. She was moaning and screaming. No doubt about that, in a few minutes she had a shuddering orgasm! It was fantastic, she came to a shuddering climax! My whole body was shuddering as my hard cock going in and out her young bald pussy. I could actually feel the muscles of her vagina squeezed my penis with powerful contractions. I started blasting wads of hot, sticky cum in her! She came at the same time, her body arching as I was shooting my cum as deeply as I could inside her. 