This sexy brunette girl is having a sleepover with two of her best friends and they decide to take some selfies in the bathroom. The girls started getting a little bit frisky and taking off their clothes while the brunette snaps pictures of them. One of the girls leans over the bathroom counter, takes her friend’s hand and puts it on her ass and tells her to spread her. Her friend does what he asks and she begins licking her pussy and her tight little asshole. The young lesbian lashes her tongue about her clit and inside of my wet hole. Their first sexual experience! Now this sleepover is starting to get interesting! Naked girls move the action to the shower, and one of them squats on the shower floor, rubbing her breasts while fingering her dripping wet snatch and getting filmed by the brunette. It’s almost as if they were making their very own lesbian homemade movie, that’s so fucking hot and nasty! The girls are face to face and masturbating while watching each other and the brunette filming them is so fucking turned on that her cotton panties are already drenched in her pussy juices and she just can’t stop touching herself as well. Two naked girls in the shower start eating each other out in turns. Being filmed by their brunette friend turns them on even more. One of the blond girls just loves finger fucking, rubbing and sucking on her friend’s dripping wet pussy. The naughty girls want to trib, so they sit on the shower floor, legs spread wide open and facing each other, pushing their pussies together and rubbing one against the other as if they were dry humping. The young lesbians almost don’t realize that their friend is still filming them. Who cares. It feels soo good they orgasm at the same time! Breast to breast, cunt to cunt, their fingers still inside eachother. Very hot scissoring position with mutual fingering. They help themselves out by rubbing their clits and it doesn’t take them long to climax while their brunette friend keeps filming them until she can no longer resist joining her sexy friends in the shower. All of the sudden there is a knock on the door. Hold on, we are just brushing out teeth!!! 