She’s a housewife, a stay-at-home kind of lady, so I was surprised when I saw her because she was fucking hot! She was wearing this tight pink dress that hugged her curves and highlighted her big tits. I’m a cook, and and she needed a young cook to give her a couple of cooking lessons, but I was beginning to realize that this hot housewife needed a young cook and a young cock too! My gaze went down to her ass and her tits. She had a great ass, and fantastic curves, with beautiful breast. She was a total milf, the most beautiful and sexiest woman I’ve ever seen. She noticed me starring on her tits and she asked wheter i want to touch them. The MILF kept coming on to me behind her husband’s back and pretty soon, while he drank some beers in the living room, she was down on her knees in the kitchen. She told me to relax… and that she would do all the work and not to worry. Who was I to argue. She managed to pull my jeans all the way off. Without saying a word she starterd sucking and stroking my throbbing erection.  “What are you doing” I yelled ”Shut up” she told me. She then popped out her tits over her pink dress! It was like WOW! I ‘ve never seen such huge tits in my life! I put my cock between her jugs and fucked them hard, then she stripped naked and bent over the kitchen counter so I could fuck her dripping wet pussy from behind as she pushed her juicy bubble back against my crotch! Her pussy was so hot. As I fucked her, she took her big tits to her mouth, sucking on her nipples, rubbing her snatch and stroking my hard cock. She was screaming so damn much, I had to cover her mouth, otherwise her husband, would realize that I was given his beautiful wife more than just cooking lessons! I dont remember when or how but this beautiful naked woman rode my cock on the floor. This beautiful American housewife fucking me as hard as she could. Watching her go up and down on my cock drove me crazy. The sight of her tits jiggling was amazing. I told her I was about to shoot my load and she yelled, “Give it to me BABY! Cum in me! I said cum in me!” I said, “Let me pull out now, I’m about to cum.” “No,” she screamed, clutching my cock tighter with her cunt “I want all of it. I want that sticky white stuff inside me.” I could feel her little pussy spasm around my prick as the jets of hot cum rocketed into her. Then she was cumming, too. As I cummed in her and the cum ran down her legs her husband walked in, but I didn’t care! 