My girlfriend seems to do this on purpose. Every time we stay over at her mom’s, she wears the sexiest little panties and tight tops while walking around the house. It always gets me hard watching her dressed like this, like a little sexy model, but knowing her mom’s upstairs, it just gets me even hornier! I think my girlfriend gets off on it too. I takes the opportunity to slide my hand into her T- shirt and fondles her breast and her hard nipple between my fingers. I begin kissing her tits as my hand caresses her pussy. Her pussy is shaved and dripping wet. She gets down on her knees in the middle of the kitchen and starts sucking and stroking my raging erection. She sticks out her tongue and starts to lick my cock, smiling, stroking, licking all around the tip and slapping her face with it. She moves her hand down to her crotch and begins rubbing the lips and proud flesh with her fingers. I bend her over the kitchen counter and pull her pink thong down her thighs, exposing her already dripping wet cunt as I ram my hard cock deep inside it and fuck her hard from behind against the counter, making her grunt, pant and moan with pleasure. Fuck, if she moans too loud, her mom just might hear us from upstairs! She covers her mouth with her hand to muffle her screams as I pound her hard from behind. I lie flat on my back on the kitchen floor and my naked girlfriend gets down on her hands and knees, sucking and stroking my cock and tasting her own pussy on it, mixed up with her wet saliva and my sticky precum. She straddles herself atop and impales her tight cunt on my hard mast, pushing her naked body up and down as she rides me and she makes her sexy titties bounce too, that’s so fucking hot. Now she’s fucking screaming at the top of her lungs, she’s so fucking turned on that she doesn’t give a shit if her mom can hear us fucking downstairs. Fuck it, she’s probably masturbating in her bedroom with one of her big ass rubber cocks while she hears us fucking! Still impaled on my hard sausage, my girlfriend flips over so her juicy round bubble butt is facing my way as she keeps riding on my cock in reverse cowgirl, arcing her back hard and twerking her ass. I swear her ass gets even bigger and rounder when we are fucking, or maybe it’s just the angle or the fact that I’m so motherfucking turned on right now! She makes that juicy ass bounce on my dick and her pussy drips all over my cock and my balls and I’m so ready to pull out so I can blow creamy wads of hot spunk all over her ass, her beautiful face and tits! “Are you going to cum baby!?” she asks. She squeezes hard on my cock, and moans into my ear so much that moments later… I pull out and finish with a MASSIVE load. Her mother comes in and sees me shooting it all over her daughter’s face, tits and stomach. 