This sexy brunette and blonde signup to a yoga class and are surprised when the sexy yoga teacher suggests they take advantage of the hot day to practice some naked yoga! The girls are down with the idea and the sexy instructor helps them off their clothes. As she undresses them, the girls can feel her soft hands all over their naked bodies and it makes their pussies tingle with pleasure. It’s such an arousing experience! The yoga teacher joins them and naked girls start making out together, swapping their wet tongues as the instructor caresses their butts and their snatches. She puts the brunette down on all fours, spreads her lovely ass cheeks with her hands and sinks her wet tongue deep inside her tender little asshole, tossing her salad while the blonde watches, totally in awe. She moans she can feel her tongue in her vagina and ass moving around like she is candy. The yoga teacher shows them things that the girls have never known about themself and about women. After munching on her pussy and ass, she teaches her blonde friend how to do it so she can also anally pleasure her friend with her slick tongue and know what her delicious asshole tastes like. Now she has experienced pussy and ass licking with a girl. The girls help their teacher off her yoga pants and she spreads her legs. Do you want to kiss it? She continues their lesbian sex education. Put you face down here, she says, poining to her pink wet pussy. Now stick out your tongue, she directs, and lick the lips on each side ane up and down the top of my opening. One of the girls spreads her labia, finds her clitoris and starts to eat her out and the other kisses her lips and plays with her soft breasts. Then the blonde lies on her back and the yoga teacher tongue fucks her. She puts both naked girls on their backs side by side and makes them raise their legs, rubbing and finger fucking their dripping wet pussies, licking their cracks from anus to clit, up and down with her tongue. She takes turns licking their wet slits and tasting their delicious juices. This naked yoga class has turned into a steamy lesbian tantric sex session that makes the teacher and her students cum over and over until they are all exhausted and fully satisfied. 