My next-door neighbor’s daughter asked if she could wash my car since she’s raising money for some trip. I told her it was okay, since that way I could check her out from behind my window. She was wearing a tight pair of ripped denim shorts and I could see her sexy long legs and her juicy bubble butt. Fuck it, my car wasn’t even dirty, but my mind sure was, LOL! She noticed I was checking her out and she started teasing me. She took the sponge and squeezed it, letting the soapy water drip all over her body. That’s when she flashed me the sign, which read: “Donate $100 and get a blowjob!” Now there’s an offer you can’t refuse! I ran downstairs with a $100 bill in my hand, ready to get my blowjob. The neighbor’s little slut got down on her knees and pulled down my pants, totally amazed when she saw how huge my cock was. I bet she wasn’t expecting that! She took it with both hands and began stroking it. I asked ”Have you ever done this?” but her mouth was too busy to answer my question. She was licking and sucking my cock. Well, I don’t think should be too happy if he found out I was paying our neighbor’s daughter for a blowjob! After sucking my cock, I took her back into the house and into the bedroom. I spread her legs wide open on the bed and rubbed it up and down her slit, massaging her clit with the head of my dick, and finally pressed the head into her vaginal opening! At first her tight pussy resisted, but it only took a few strokes before my cock was all the way in. Then my prick completed its journey into the warm, wet depths of her teenage belly. She was tight, real tight, as would be expected from a 18 year old. My balls were slapping against her, my throbbing erection was going deep inside her dripping wet pussy. I fucked her in missionary position, checking out her tiny titties peeking through her white tank top. I began fucking her with a slow, steady rhythm, pulling my prick back until only the head remained in her, then slowly pushing forward until I filled her again. Soon she was moving with me, grinding her clit against me on each thrust. She confessed how jealous she was of my wife. I could almost feel the juice churning in my balls ready for the short, one way trip into her hot body. I lied flat on my back and young girl straddled herself on top. I was just laying on the bed and she got on top of me, grabbed my dick and guided it into her tight little pussy, impaling her little cunt on my big dick and riding me in cowgirl position. Tiny little bitch looked so sexy bouncing up and down my rod, while moaning and grunting and telling me how big and hard my cock felt inside her tight snatch. She took my dick in her hands and stroked it some more, while sucking and licking it like a pornstar. Then petite naked girl sat back on my cock, placed the head of my cock between her pussy lips and lowered herself on it, this time with her juicy bubble butt facing my way. Man, what a view! I could fuck that cute ass forever! I made her bounce on my lap until I was ready to blow my load, blasting hot spunk all over her face and open mouth!   This is DontBreakMe at its most unforgettable! If you are a gorgeous petite girl who loves huge cocks, what should you do? Go directly to this website. Don’t Break Me is the perfect place for you to get your fix of hot teen sluts filmed while taking on the biggest cocks in porn! Check out their hot videos, and watch these naughty teen whores getting naked, sucking, gagging and choking on big, hard dicks and getting their tight fuck holes stretched out by them in sordid XXX action! These cock addicted petite girls are finally going to get their faces and bodies covered in cum after experiencing these huge cocks in front of the cameras!