I love picking up random girls on the street and offering them cash, just to see how far they are willing to go. I met this beautiful blond with glasses in the parking lot of the mall, and with the right amount I convinced her to flash me her tits. Her tits were fantastic, small and perky, just the way I like them. By the naughty look on her face I could tell that she was willing to do more. The question was, how much more? Some more cash got us into a empty area of the parking lot, where she got down on her knees and started sucking and stroking my throbbing erection, looking around to make sure nobody was watching us. I made her lean against the wall, close to a stairwell, making her pull down her denim skirt and red thong and spread her beautiful ass cheeks, so I could get a good look at the sexy crack of her ass and her little asshole. I made naked girl bend over and rammed my hard cock deep inside her dripping wet snatch. She had a beautiful bubble shaped butt and after fucking her from behind for a while, I offered her more cash and she agreed to accompany me to my room. I even didn’t know her name. We start kissing, and the clothes start comming off her. She got on he hands and knees with her wet puss in front of me waiting to be fucked. Naked girl spread her legs and I pushed her towards the edge of the bed, fucking that tight pussy in missionary position. She started to moan loudly turning me on even more. She held on tight to the bed sheets, then straddled herself on top, impaling her pussy on my hard cock and riding me, really enjoying casual sex with a stranger. We fucked that way for about 40 minutes. She sucked my cock and I offered her more cash to come inside her and she accepted. “Cum in me, cum in me! Fill me with your seed!” I could feel her vaginal muscles starting to milking my cock she was contracting milking all the sperm out of my dick and sending it on its way to her womb. When my cum hit the back of her vagina she climaxed too! I blew a gigantic load into her little pussy. I left her with a sticky creampie to remember me by! She couldn’t believe what was happening to her. 