This sexy brunette teen is listening to her favorite jams on her headset when her mom sends her to clean her room, what a bummer! She knows that cleaning up all that mess is going to take her forever. She starts picking up the dirty clothes and panties on top of her bed and is surprised when she sees a throbbing erection popping out from under her dirty garments! As it turns out, her horny next-door neighbor sneaked in thinking she was not around to sniff her panties, what a fucking perv! She finds it kind of weird but kinky at the same time that he was smelling her undergarments and she is quite turned on by his still throbbing erection, she is more shocked and impressed by his huge cock, so she takes it in her hands and starts sucking and stroking it, since her mom left I shouldn’t be back for some hours. Standing over her face she slowly pulls down her pussy juices soaked panties and lowers her gorgeous naked ass right on his face so he can tongue fuck her wet pussy. The sexy teen babe rides his face, moving her hips back and forth, rubbing her slit all over his face, pressing her clit against his mouth. He sucks and sucks at her ripe pink lips. Then she gets into a 69 with her next-door neighbor, sucking and licking his huge cock and balls while he tongue fucks her dripping wet pussy more. Doing it on top of the bed filled with her dirty clothes, panties, bras, smelly socks and thongs makes it much more exciting for this guy. He locks her into a piledriver and they keep sucking each other off while he stands. Thick ropes of drool drip from his cock and all over the floor while the teen slut deep throats his fabulous erection all the way down to his balls. This dirty little bitch might not know how to keep her room tidy but she really knows how to lick huge cocks clean and polish balls. The big guys throws her on the bed and tiny naked girl climbs on him, grabs his huge tool and inserts it in her cunt. I’m so tiny will your huge cock fit in me? She lowers herself on his hard cock and it slides very deep into her petite body. She begins riding him slowly and then fast like crazy, twerking and twisting her hips in a corkscrew motion. Throwing her head back in forth, letting her hair get as wild as she is. He starts jack hammering his cock in and out of her as fast as he can. He pumps and pumps, faster and faster, harder and harder until she cant keep quiet. She begins to scream and he shoves a panties in her mouth. He rocks his huge cock in and out, fucking the life out of her, forcing her down on his cock as she cums, making her pussy feel sticky. You can hear wet slurping sounds as the teen slut continues to ride his huge cock. Her juices were flowing around his cock and down to his balls. She is so wet, her lips, his cock and his balls are covered in her sticky juice. It is so wonderful! Naked girl lies flat on her back on the bed and pulls her legs behind her head so he can lick her dripping wet muff and she rubs his cock up and down her slit, spreading her tender pink pussy lips as he rams it deep inside her cunt and fucks her in missionary position. She rubs her cunt while he’s banging her, grabbing a dirty thong and stuffing her mouth with it, biting and pulling on it while getting fucked so good. She stands on her bed and bends over the headrest, getting her dripping with pussy and her tender little asshole licked before her horny neighbor slaps her ass and rams his rock hard cock deep inside her dripping wet cunt. She holds on tight to the headrest and to the wall while her horny neighbors just slams her as hard and as deep as he can.   It’s the first time in her life that she gets fucked by such a huge cock but she knows it won’t be the last. Her intense moaning can be heard throught the house and they don’t know her mom is home. He grabs her ass harder, and pushes hard further into her and she reaches another loud and explosive orgasm. Her juices are running down her thighs. He’s ready to blow his creamy load all over her slutty face, her open mouth and her smoking hot body! He finally gets his dick out of her snatch and he notices her mom but his cock can’t stop cumming all over the slut’s face! Megan Rain is the hottest in the porn business. She is special, nice tight body, great demeanor, aggressive, joyful, has fun in the sexual act. Accommodated that huge dick in her throat and pussy and gobbled that cum shot. Whatta woman!!!