My stepsister doesn’t know this, but I like to watch her while she sleeps. She looks so fucking sexy in her tight shorts and top and it just can’t help whipping out my throbbing erection and jerking off while looking at her sleeping. I can no longer resist the temptation of slipping my hard cock into her mouth. I rub it and push it against her soft pink lips. I just cant help it anymore I want to squirt my load all over her beautiful sleeping face. When she wakes up and sees my penis between her lips and me trying to get my boner into her mouth. The situation is a little bit strange for her, but she still finds herself curious, aroused and excited so she lets me continue. She takes my hard cock in her hands and pops it into her wet mouth, sucking and licking it with her slick tongue. I can feel my dick getting bigger and harder inside her mouth as she gives me head while stroking the base of my member gently with her hand. I mouth-fuck her and then relize that I’m cumming. I tried my best to hold off but her mouth felt really good around my cock. I can’t resist and I blew my load inside her mouth. She licks her lips and then swallowes my hot cum. She swallows every single drop of my spunk with a dirty look on her face. She tells me that she always wanted to taste cum. After a few minutes I’m still running those images of my sexy stepsister sucking my dick and I get hard again. She slowly takes off her panties revealing her tight ass, my naked step sister gets on her knees on the sofa with her sexy ass spread wide open, spits on her fingers, rubs it all round the opening and inside the lips and tells me that she wants my cock in her pussy, but not I have to cum inside her. She has a beautiful bubble shaped ass and a delicious pink pussy. I rammed my throbbing erection deep inside her tight pussy and I fuck her doggie style from behind. I stay still and she pushes her juicy butt against my hard cock, urging me to keep fucking her. She flips over and I can see the multiple piercings on her pussy, that’s so fucking hot! I fuck her in missionary position and admire her small breasts with pierced nipples. She talks dirty while I fuck her and after she cums she tells me it’s my turn to do the same and that she wants me to blow my load all over her face. I keep fucking that sexy pierced pussy until I’m ready to cum in her! 