It was a sunny day so we decided to place a water gun game, my girlfriend and her friend teaming up against me. The girls were so sure that they were going to beat me that they accepted my bet without thinking twice, if I won, I would get to fuck them both in a steamy threesome! They couldn’t believe it when I beat them! Yes! The naughty girls took me to the side and we sat on a comfy couch as they started stroking my throbbing erection together. The girls spit all over my dick, licking and sucking it together like them dirty pornstars do in the movies. My girlfriend took my rod and deepthroated it all the way down to my balls, drooling all over my member and spreading her saliva all over it with her hands while jerking me off. Her friend looked super horny from watching us! She sucked my cock while my girlfriend sucked and licked my wet balls, soaked in her drool. After such an intense blowjob I thought I was gonna blow my load, spraying hot cum all over my girlfriend and her best friend, but the girls wanted my big cock in their freshly shaven, wet, teenage pussies. My girl removes her panties, showing off her delicious bubble shaped butt, then spread her legs and her friend took my throbbing erection in her hands and guided it deep inside my gf’s dripping wet cunt. She took it all in and got on top, riding me hard and fast while her best friend rubbed her clit with this dirty smile on her face. The girls kissed and after a while my girlfriend’s friend took her place, straddling herself on my cock and riding it in reverse cowgirl, her sexy bubble butt facing my way as it bounced up and down my cock. I spread her ass cheeks with my hands, so I could get a better look at her dripping wet cunt and her little asshole, the sexy crack of her ass and her tender little asshole contracting with every thrust my hard cock against her tight pussy. While I fucked her from behind my girlfriend spread her legs wide open so the teen slut could lick her dripping wet snatch too. I love fucking my girlfriend, but it’s not every day that I get to fuck two girls together in a hot threesome and I wanted more of their pussies so I straddled her on top in reverse cowgirl and impaled her tight cunt on my meaty pole. As my crazy girlfriend bounced up and down my erection her best friend played with her clit and her tits and licked and sucked on her nipples. We rubbed her pussy together and I pulled out so she could suck my cock and taste her best friend’s pussy on it. I was ready to cum, but my girlfriend said not to. She told me to fuck her friend more! I put her sexy friend bent over the swing we having the yard, put my cock into her cunt and fucked her hard from behind with my girlfriend underneath, sucking on her clit, licking my balls and catching the pussy juices dripping from my girlfriend’s cunt into her open mouth. The girls screamed and moaned, I pulled out and liquid cum gushed out of her cunt. It ran down her slit. My girlfriend yelled “did you come inside my friend?!” white sperm ran down straight into my girlfriend’s open mouth! She began to drink and swallow it and lick her friend’s pussy clean of it, she ate out all the jizz. Then the naked girls began kissing and exchanging cum and licking my cock together.   The hottest real user submitted amateur porn site on the web, featuring homemade videos and amateur scenes with hot, real life girls getting fucked hard while getting filmed by their boyfriends and exes! The hottest, sexiest and craziest cum loving sluts do porn for the very first time in their lives in front of the camera and those unique moments are captured right here at MOFOS. This website is the best place for you to discover real girls exposed for the first time ever in the best POV sex videos, best sneaky sex videos, outdoors sex scenes, threesomes and foursomes!