It’s early morning and this couple gets up and gets ready for work. While she gets in the shower, he shaves, and since it’s still so early he has morning wood. When he checks the door because he feels a draft, he finds his teen stepdaughter checking out his throbbing erection! She’s constantly teasing him and flirting with him, but today it definitely looks like she wants to take it up a notch or two! His dick is hanging down between his legs, as are his balls, and it ia the biggest dick the girl has ever seen. She can feel her pussy getting so wet and her clit is throbbing. The teen slut just wants it in her wet pussy so bad. She sneaks into the bathroom and grabs his hard cock in her tiny, soft hands, stroking it as she salivates on it, knowing her mom is in the shower. She takes him to a nook in the bathroom so her mom, can’t see them and gets down on her knees, sucking and stroking his hard member, thick ropes of drool dripping from the sides of her lips as she strips naked for her horny stepdad. He makes her stand, turns her and bends her over, ramming his hard cock deep inside her dripping wet gash and fucking her hard from behind. Her eyes are clenched tight, and she lets him pump her hard and fast. She squeezes her legs together and moves back and forth. Naked mom is asking for a towel while her husband is almost cumming in her daughter! They leave the bathroom, knowing her mom takes really long showers and head to the bedroom. There his naked step daughter straddles herself atop his hard cock and impales herself on it, riding him in reverse cowgirl, her tits bouncing up and down. Her lovely pussy is taking the full length of his big penis inside. She is moaning and almost screaming. He puts her on her back, grabs her knees with his hands, spreads her legs wider and bangs her in missionary position. His cock so deep into her vagina that his balls are slapping against her asshole. He can’t believe he’s actually fucking this young girl and it’s so much hotter than fucking her mom! He puts her down on all fours and licks her tight asshole and keeps fucking her wet snatch until he blows his load all over her face and tits right before his wife gets off the shower! 