I was walking down the street, minding my own business, when these two hot girls, a blonde and a brunette, came to me and asked if I could take a photo. I was more than happy to, I mean, the girls were fucking hot! Tall, leggy, nice tits, tight asses and beautiful faces! Gorgeous! Plus, they were all over each other as I took their pictures! Fucking hot, man, this shit doesn’t happen to me every day! The girls were so happy with their pictures, they invited me to keep taking more as they fooled around on the streets, getting naughty in public, flashing their pussies and big tits. Yeah, these girls were into dogging, you know, exhibitionist sex! They even invited me back to their place! The girls were SO horny that one of them pulled the other’s shorts and touched her wet slit. The brunette pulled the blonde’s panties down as she bent her over the couch, admiring her delicious bubble shaped butt and spreading her ass cheeks with her hands to expose her tender little asshole! They just didn’t pay attention to me and kept playing with each other. One of the girls sat on the floor while her lesbian girlfriend kneeled in front and started to finger her cunt with 2 fingers. She flicked her clit while jamming her fingers into her soaking wet cunt. He stopped and spread her ass cheeks open and stuck her tongue in her ass!!! The lesbian slut licked her friend’s pussy, sucked her clit and put her tongue deep in her hole. Her face was buried in her ass. Her girlfriend finally screamed and had an orgasm. They moved to the bed, their tops pulled over their sexy tits as they made out and caressed each other sensually. The blonde sucked on her fingers as her friend groped and squeezed her big tits, sucking her nipples and putting them in the blonde’s mouth to see her suck on them too. Their tits were amazing! Two naked girls with big tits making out passionately, amazing! The blonde played with her tits and rubbed her snatch while the brunette did a split over her, planting her pussy on her face so she could get eaten out by her. The girls turned on the music and stripped for me. Two naked girls jiggled their tits, opened up their pussy lips, bent down so I could see up their ass, mutually masturbated. I looked at their sexy naked bodies and my cock was throbbing. Nice bodies, sexy legs and the girls had lovely pussies that were clean shaven. Their breasts were really large for 18. They had the hottest lesbian sex all over their apartment, on the bed, in the couch, on a lazy chair and finished off masturbating side by side with their vibrators until they reached a simultaneous orgasm! 