Ever since her mom introduced him to her for the very first time, this sexy teen has had a crush on her stepdad. She keeps suggesting things, rubbing her pussy against him every chance she gets, and grabbing on his cock as often as she can get away with. She has been dreaming of him ever since her mom married him a year ago and she masturbates compulsively, rubbing her twat and fucking herself with a dildo while fantasizing with him and his huge cock. She rubs her tits with her pussy juice drenched hands when her bedroom door opens and her stepdad barges in unannounced! She’s so embarrassed that he caught her masturbating like such a filthy slut! She confesses how bad she wants him and how she dreams about him fucking her, how horny it makes her and how she wants to be his good girl. The teen slut gets down on her hands and knees, grabs his cock and starts sucking and stroking his throbbing member, looked into his eyes, She arches her back and moans. She is really horny. His cock is as big, hard, thick and juicy as she imagined it in her masturbatory fantasies. He fucks her mouth and throat, her juicy bubble butt jiggles with every thrust of his throbbing member into her mouth. She drools all over his sausage, thick ropes of saliva dripping from her chin and his huge dick. He throws the sexy teen on her knees, gets behind her in bed and rams his cock deep inside her dripping wet snatch, her hand slips between her legs and she starts playing with his balls. She moans with every thrust of his huge cock. It is the best feeling in the world, going in and out of such a tight pussy, but they are interrupted when her mom comes knocking on her door! The horny naked satp dad hides under the bed until she’s gone and then he licks her asshole while she fucks her pussy with her dildo. He’s a pro in getting a teen pussy to squirt its juice like a fountain! Her orgasm is so intense that she begins to squirt all over her face. He then starts licking her out which makes her groan and squirt in his face too. He starts fucking her with his hand as fast and hard as he can while she’s drenched in pussy juice! The little slut straddles herself on top of his hard cock and impales herself on it. Naked teen begins moving her hips up and down so that her pussy is rubbing up and down his long dick. She’s riding her step daddy in cowgirl position, making her big juicy bubble butt bounce up and down his throbbing erection. His hands are wrapped around behind her cute little butt. He’s just pumping like a crazy man as he feels her pussy muscles squeezing onto the stiff willy inside her. She is soaked in sweat and she has never been fucked so hard and with such intensity in her life! She flips over to reverse cowgirl and keeps riding that big juicy cock wishing it never stops! She starts squealing and he’s puffing like a locomotive, just fucking her like there ain’t no tomorrow, giving her an orgasm. She lets out a loud groan, he has to cover her mouth. They are humping furiously and her tits bounce up and down like rubber balls. They do different positions… missionary, cowgirl, doggie style, reverse cowgirl, she gives him head, he eats her out. She loves having her stepdad inside her and being his dirty little fuck slut of a stepdaughter and she just can’t wait for him to cum in her mouth and all over her face so she can taste his spunk and spread it all over her sweat soaked body!   She’s just sucking on his cock like she’s crazy, like she’s a milking machine as she’s just suckin all the milk that she can get out of the willy! It is a huge load and she swallows it in one gulp. And then she keeps on blowing. He shot it all over her stomach, legs, and tits before her mom came in. A fan of this sort of adult entertainment? These guys from DigitalPlayground bring you the highest quality exclusive XXX content on the web, the hottest and the sexiest girls ever, the craziest and the most improbable sex scenes! They know what hardcore porn is and know how to film the best adult movies!