When this hot brunette mature stepmom finds her stepdaughter’s report card, she can’t believe how bad her scores are and she confronts her as soon as the sexy redhead teen walks into the house with her boyfriend in tow. She makes him leave so she can discuss the report card with her, but the stepdaughter since him around the side of the house so she can let him in by her bedroom window. Back inside, she gets into a heated argument with her stepmother regarding her report card. This girl is a little bit of a brat and she thinks she can do whatever she wants, but she’s about to find out that her stepmom is not the kind of bitch you want to mess with! When she disrespects her, she grabs her by the neck, takes her to the nearby couch, strips her half naked and starts rubbing her snatch under her cotton panties. The stepdaughter can’t believe what’s going on, and to make matters worse, her panties are already drenched in her pussy juices, she’s so fucking turned on by her stepmom, who is a real MILF! Meanwhile, the boyfriend is spying on them from the other side of the window, jerking his hard cock to this steamy stepmom on stepdaughter lesbian action. When the MILF notices he’s there, she makes him cum inside and join them for a steamy threesome fuck! She is very horny, she gets down on her knees and grabs his dick and says the young girl watch and learn! She asks her stepmom what if her dad find out, but her mouth goes around the head of her boyfriend’s dick and then she puts it all in her mouth. It completely disappears in her mouth! Then naked woman stands up, straddles herself on top and spreads her big juicy butt cheeks saying “fuck me!” She starts to moan and scream with pleasure, riding him while her stepdaughter watches them fuck and masturbates. Her boyfriend grabs her stepmom by the ass and just fucks and fucks her hard. He fondles and sucks her nicely rounded breasts, they are soft and smooth. The teen is watching her step mom get fucked in the pussy, tits, and mouth. This woman has a nice body: big breasts, cute ass and a nice tight cunt. The MILF makes the teen ride her boyfriend’s cock too while watching. Wow, she has a bush! He rams his dick into her real hairy pussy and fucks her hard when her sexy step mom caresses her nipples, slides her hand down her stomach and massages her clit. After about 10 minutes of hard core fucking the girls start sucking his dick together. The mom gets on her knees “Fuck me, Fuck my ass, give it to me, Oh, Oh, Oh… shit!” and he fucks the cougar doggie style, fondles her big tits while she has lesbian sex with her stepdaughter. She begs him to fuck her as hard and as fast as he can. The lucky guy fucks both girls till he can’t take it anymore. The girls make him cum all over their faces. They lick it off of each other’s face. Fucking hot!   Moms Bang Teens is the home of hot women, naughty mature babes, cougars, MILFs and sexy moms with big tits and juicy bubble butts, totally exposed online in the hardest hitting, raunchiest, uncensored XXX action as they get it on with teen guys and girls! These horny mature sluts love getting naked, sucking dick, eating twat, masturbating, fucking, taking it up the ass and getting their faces and naked bodies blasted with hot cum! When these dirty matures seduced these teen girls and their boyfriends they never imagined they would have so much fun and cum so hard!