Love girl on girl scenes! This scene is what many of you come here to see: young naked girls licking each other’s pussies and assholes. This sexy teen is soaking up the sun by the pool on a sunny day with her best friend and she sees her kind of tight, so she suggests she lets her give her a rub down. After all, she is a license massage therapist. She rubs down her shoulders and makes her lie flat on her back so she can pour baby oil and rub it all over her hot and sexy body. As she massages and fondles her delicious bubble shaped ass, she notices that her friend is getting deeply aroused and she likes that, so she continues, with slower, more sensual and erotic movements and strokes. She tugs her thong aside and massages her ass crack, her pussy clit, making her friend squirm and clutch the towel under her body! She juts up her sexy ass, which means she definitely likes it, so she pulls the thong down her thighs and spreads her legs, putting her down on all fours like a dirty little slut as she rubs, fingers and licks her dripping wet pussy. No wonder her friend was so tight, she needed a good lesbian fuck to loosen up! She puts her in a wrestling hold so she can get a better grasp of her juicy bubble ass while stimulating her asshole with her smooth tongue, feeling how it contracts every time she forces her sphincter wide open with it. Her friend moans, she can’t wait any longer, she has to please her. Suddenly, she counters the hold and now she’s on top. She pulls her wet pussy to her lips and begins barely touching her clit with the tip of her tongue. She moves her tongue into her pussy, dipping it in and out of her vagina. Her juices are swarmed her tongue. She keeps her legs spread in an embrace around her face and goes deeper inside her with her tongue. Her lesbian friend gasps, and pulls her head closer to her wetness. She has a gorgeous pussy and succulent sphincter! The girls start going wild she tells her to lick more and more and dont stop she is licking harder and harder. She loves the fact that she’s reciprocating and pretty soon she experiences an intense anal and vaginal orgasm that makes her tremble while her friend keeps finger fucking her pussy! This scene where she fingers her ass as she cums is legendary. The girls both are tired of men! The girls try scissoring, pussy to pussy grinding positions! They are kissing and humping each other pussy to pussy, the cum coming out from her pussy and her friend can feel her cum coming onto her pussy too, they are moaning graoning and breathing hard. 