Butt sex was never something my girlfriend was interested in. Bummer! Luckily it looks like she has been watching some anal porn, and this has piqued her interest in the subject to the point that she took her camera and started filming herself in front of the mirror, pulling her panties aside while down on her hands and knees, exposing her dripping wet snatch, beautiful bubble shaped ass and tight asshole while talking about how the sexy asses on the girls in the videos turned her on so much! You can imagine the look on my face when I walked in and found her playing with her asshole in front of the mirror, LOL! Maybe my girlfriend awoke and said “Today is the day I get anally fucked and my guy’s finally going to fuck my asshole!” I got down with her and started licking her juicy little butt hole, feeling her grinding her bubble butt and squirming as I ate her ass out. She stripped naked, sucking and stroking my throbbing member, straddling herself on top of my lap, her bubble butt looking my way as she impaled her dripping wet cunt on my rod and started to ride me in reverse cowgirl. After making her sexy ass bounce up and down my cock, I made her stand and lean over the bed, raising one of her legs and banging her from behind. Her asshole was aching for my hard dick so she told me to fuck my ass. She straddled herself back on top, this time letting my hard cock sink inch by inch into her tight asshole. I told her to relax. The head of my dick was in her ass and I didn’t think she could fit my length up there. But she punded her ass so hard onto me I thought my cock would cum in her ass. I was totally inside her and she rode me anally. She had never moaned louder in her life and her ass was at my mercy. I had never seen her so excited and turned on, pushing her asshole up and down my rod until I was ready to blow my load in her tight ass! She let out a moan and she felt my jizz pour into her ass. I thought my cum would never stop flowing out of her asshole. The best fuck ever! 