Ever since this hot teen slut saw her next door neighbor masturbating from across her bedroom window she has found herself infatuated by his huge throbbing member. Every night as she sleeps, images of her handsome neighbor vigorously stroking his big hard cock and spurting loads of hot creamy cum invade her mind, arousing her and making her furiously masturbate on her bed until she is exhausted after cumming many times leaving her bed sheets drenched in her sweat and her pussy juices. Tired and frustrated of just fantasizing with her neighbor’s huge cock, this hot teen decides to do something about it, paying him a visit in her tightest and sexiest denim shorts. She shamelessly pulls up her top, exposing her beautiful tits while pulling down on her shorts and lace panties, showing off a few inches of her sexy bubble shaped ass. She can already see a big bulge throbbing under the neighbor’s pants. She squats so he can get a better look at her ass, flips over and tugs on her panties, making them sink between her pussy lips. Girl plays with her pussy and her clit while he watches her. Her pussy is so wet; lips swollen; pink slit gaping, juices soaking the inside of her thigh. She’s so horny. She wants him to fuck her so bad. After saying the magic words: “Please, can I have some cock?” her next-door neighbor spreads her legs wide open as she sits on the kitchen stool and rams his huge cock deep inside her dripping wet cunt! With one, fast motion his cock is all the way. This big cock fills her so deep she can feel his balls against her asshole! He grabs her legs and starts banging her tight, young pussy hard as she screams in delight. His cock slides into her, then out, then in. Over and over, faster and faster. He’s pounding her in missionary position the hardest she has ever been pounded in her fucking life. The hot teen slut rubs and fingeres her tight snatch while getting fucked by her next-door neighbor, banging her harder and harder against the stool. Instantly she starts cumming and her juices are flowing onto his cock.  He put her down on her hands and knees, penetrating and fucking her from behind while she spreads her ass cheeks wide open with her hands to show him her tight little asshole contracting with every thrust of his powerful member. She’s in so much pleasure she cums again! This young little slut has never had anything that felt so good. She climbs on him, he immediately takes her in his arms and kisses her passionately, rubbing her back and her sexy ass with his hands and grinding his cock into her hot pussy. He grabs her ass checks and the hottest teen slut starts riding him while he munches on her tits and perky nipples. You can hear their bodies slapping together as he keeps fucking this teen slut faster and faster. His cock starts pounding her so hard that she can’t help but scream in all of the passion and ecstasy. Still impaled on his cock, he flips naked girl over into reverse cowgirl, pushing her body up and down his long shaft as she continues rubbing her clit, cumming over and over on top of his dick until her next-door neighbor is ready to blow his load, blasting hot spunk all over her slutty face and tits. “Ohmygod . . . ohmygod!” she cries a final time as he cums, feels his hot sperm in her mouth; so much it starts dripping out.   Download this amazing video to watch over and over and don’t miss more young naked girl in the best hardcore scenes ever! ExxxtraSmall is all about young teen girls getting their tiny pussies fucked, destroyed, stretched out and creampied by huge cocks! These girls seem so tiny, small, petite and fragile, you would think that they would break or get split into as they get pounded hard by these cocks in outrageous big dick versus tiny chick young porn videos! How the fuck this huge cock could fit into this tiny girl? It will be only one you question while watching all these small naked girls. The bigger the cock and the tinier the girl, the better the action!