My stepsister barged into my room wearing her tight Daisy Dukes and a knotted up top and it seemed like she was troubled about something. I have always told her that she can come to me for anything she needs and I´ll do whatever I can to help her out. As it turns out, all her friends are getting busty, except for her. Now, her friends told her that if she gets cum on her tits, they will grow, so, you can imagine how the rest of this story plays out! My stepsister is fucking hot, and I have no problem cumming all over her tits as many times as she wants! Fuck, I have no problem cumming all over her mouth, her face, her tits, her ass, her pussy, you get it, LOL! She saw my dick under my underwear getting hard, and smiled. I whipped out my hard cock as she stripped naked, she seductivley pulled her panties down and stepped out of them and got on my bed, sucking and stroking my throbbing erection. She made loud sucking sounds as she deepthroated my thick member and straddled herself on top, taking my dick in my hands and stuffing her dripping wet snatch with it. I started fucking her slow, then I saw she was getting bored and I started pounding her hard and fast. The little slut grabbed my balls and started to rub them gently with her hand. She was moaning and arching her back and thrusting her hips toward me. My stepsister’s tits may be small, but they looked hot as fuck to me, bouncing up and down as she rode my cock. I made her flip over so I could play with her juicy bubble shaped butt while she rode me in reverse cowgirl. Then I got her down on her hands and knees and buried my dick deep inside her snatch, fucking her doggy style from behind while she moaned and grunted like a bitch in heat!  Whenever I stopped fucking her, she would push that sexy little ass back against my cock, urging me for more. I fucked her like that for a while and then I flipped her over, her top rolled over her tiny titties as I fucked her in missionary position with her head over the edge of the bed. She kept her legs spread wide open and I rubbed her clit as she begged me to keep fucking her tight little pussy. I loved fucking my very own stepsister, she looked so fucking hot with my big fat cock buried deep inside her and pretty soon I was ready to blow my load, blasting lots of hot and sticky cum all over her titties and watching her rubbing it all over them like lotion! I was cumming and cumming as never before! 