My sexy girlfriend takes forever to get ready whenever we are going out, but to be honest with you, it’s not like I really complain about it, because by the time she’s done, she looks so fucking gorgeous that I just can’t resist fucking her before we go out. As you can imagine, we usually arrive late everywhere we go, LOL! She notices the huge throbbing bulge under my shorts, and she pulls them down, so she can get a better look at my big hard cock. With a dirty look on her face, she starts stroking and sucking it as if it were a lollipop or an ice cream cone. Yes, her favorite flavor his cock! She begins giving passionate head as my dick is covered in her spit and lipstick. She likes to make popping sounds as she sucks it, butterfly kissing the tip before sucking it down deep, deep throating my erection, drooling all over my shaft and balls. My sexy girlfriend lies on her back and spreads her legs, her beautiful tits pulled over the top of her dress, rubbing her dripping wet snatch as I start caressing her clit with my hard cock in missionary position. She grabs my cock and plays with it too, rubbing it up and down her pussy slit. She is so wet that I can see the wetness dripping down her labia. She opens her mouth as the head slides between her lips right deep into her vagina. With no hair in the way her pussy lips are oh-so slippery. Her pussy feels so hot and tight, but I know she wants more… We start off slow, picking up speed. I can feel it filling her small pussy completely as it gently works its way inside her. I love feeling her pussy wrapped around my cock. Faster and faster I pump her wet slit, feeling her tighten around my cock. I lie flat on my back on the bathroom floor and she lies between my thighs placing my dick at the opening of her love hole. My sexy teen girlfriend straddles herself on top and impales her young pussy on my big hard cock, riding me in cowgirl position. She leans back, her hands on the floor, pushing her pelvis up and down my rigid pole, her beautiful tits bouncing up and down as she takes it all in. The view of her pink pussy sliding up and down my cock before my eyes is something I can watch for hours. She gets back on her knees, sucking and stroking my cock, tasting her pussy on my dick, playing with her pussy and her ass before squatting back on top of my throbbing erection, burying it in her cunt and riding me in reverse cowgirl, her beautiful bubble shaped butt bouncing up and down infront of my face. She looks over her shoulder to make sure I’m enjoying the ride as much as she is and she sucks and she plays with my balls with her tiny hands, making me fuck her harder. She strokes my cock some more before I fucked her standing against the balance. She rubs her clit while I’m fucking her until she reaches an intense orgasm and her body is still trembling as I blow my load, blasting hot sticky cum all over her face and tits.   Young teen girls only have one interest and that is getting their wet pussies stuffed with huge cocks. Don’t Break Me features cute and innocent teen girls that just turned 18 and are getting their tight little pussies stretched out and pounded hard by massive cocks in hard-core action! These naughty sluts have always been turned on by big dicks, and they want to feel them rammed down their throats, pussies and assholes and blasting hot sticky cum all over their dirty faces! Watch them gagging and choking on gargantuan erections as they try to deep throat their lover’s huge cocks! With new teen girls and big cock videos added all the time, Don’t Break Me is a can’t miss!