My sexy girlfriend and I just couldn’t help perving on our sexy next door neighhbor, a smoking hot redhead slut with big tits and a juicy bubble butt! It was a hot day and she was in her yard, watering her garden in a sexy shorts and a bikini top. It was so hot outside, she took the watering can and watered her smoking hot body. I could swear steam was pouring out of her as she did so! LOL! My girlfriend got so fucking turned on watching her, that she started to touch herself on the spot! She squat on the lawn, pulled her lace panties to the side, rubbing and fingering her dripping wet cunt. She saw us, and was turned on by it, so she invited us back into her house so we could continue getting naughty together! When my girlfriend pulled my pants down and showed her my huge cock, she was amazed! She popped her big tits over her bikini and leaned towards my boner, sucking and stroking it while my girl watched. Could this really be happening, I thought. My girlfriend looked at me and said, “Wow, I’ve never seen you with another girl” She took her place, sucking my dick real deep while the redhead observed. With my dick lubed up by two girls, the sexy redhead neighbor straddled herself on my lap and impaled her dipping wet pussy on it, riding me in cowgirl position with her big tits bouncing up and down and pressing them against my face so I could lick and suck her puffy nipples! As she pushed her juicy bubble butt up and down my shaft, my girlfriend caressed my dick and balls, giving me that awesome tingling sensation that makes my boner even bigger and harder, to the smoking hot redhead’s satisfaction! Lucky for me, my girlfriend doesn’t mind me fucking other girls, she gets turned on watching it, that’s why I love her so much! I munched on the redhead’s tits and my girl caressed her ass and sat next to us, spread legged and masturbating herself over her drenched red lace panties. She wanted to taste her juices on my cock, so she pulled it out and sucked on it. Then she leaned over and our naked redhead neighbor licked her dripping wet pussy and her tight asshole. Yes, the sexy babe loves rimming my girl’s ass! That’s the type of neighbors you want in the hood! Since my girl as already bent over, I rammed my hard cock deep inside her twat and fucked her doggie style from behind while she looked at me over her shoulder, asking how much I was enjoying fucking two hot babes at the same time! There’s nothing like threesome with two girls. I’ll never forget it. The girls were both moaning “yes…..ahhhh yes……..oh baby…..harder..e on” As I fucked her hard and fingered her asshole, the neighbor spread her legs in front of her so she could get her dripping wet muff eaten out by my girlfriend. My girlfriend rolled over and told her to ride me some more so we switched places, she got on top, it felt GREAT! I was fondling her big round tits as she was riding me. She rode me even faster and harder and deeper than my girlfriend. While the sexy babe was riding me, my girlfriend was above me, lowering her pussy on my face so I could tongue fuck her.   I fondled her bouncing breasts as well as her meaty pussy lips slapping against my face. Pretty soon I was ready to blow my load all over them but my girl wanted me to cum in the neighbor’s face! I came all over her face and in her mouth and my girlfriend said, “swallow it, bitch, swallow it!” She swallowed most of it but a waterfall of my cum fall out of her mouth. Then my girlfriend started rubbing her tits and her face with my soft penis. We left her alone on the bed, with cum all over her.