I love watching my sexy black girlfriend working out, it gets me so turned on. By the time she is done with her training routine, my dick is as hard as a rock and her pussy is dripping wet. She always tells me that no matter how much and how hard she trains, that jumping up and down my hard cock is the best workout for her! We strip naked and she gets down on her knees, sucking and stroking my throbbing member. Her mouth feels so wet and hot as she blows my cock. She likes to take her time, licking and sucking my dick and my balls, making sure not to miss a spot. Hot little body and a ready smile between gulps. She makes beautiful, deep oral love to my white cock, mostly no hands. Her lovely face looks awesome stuffed with large white meat. My girlfriend is a very pretty girl with serious oral skills! I put her down on her hands and knees and take a moment to admire her perfect black bubble shaped butt before ramming my thick rod deep inside her dripping wet twat and banging her doggy style from behind. She works out her pelvic muscles and knows how to tighten them around my hard cock as I fuck her, it feels so fucking hot and sexy when she does that shit! Sweet dark skin, lean, athletic body. I have to try so hard not to cum on the spot! I spank her caramel ass and grab her by her shoulders as I thrust her hard and when I stop, she keeps pushing her delicious chocolate butt against my dick, urging me for more. “Oh, daddy, oh, daddy, I’m going to cum!” she squeals as she rub her muff while I pound her from behind and her body trembles with an intense orgasm. She gets back to sucking my cock because she likes to taste her own pussy on my dick after I make her cum and she straddles herself on top so she can ride my dick in reverse cowgirl with her black butt facing my way. She makes it bounce up and down my hard sausage, telling me it makes her burn fat and calories and it keeps her mocha tush lean and firm, I love it! She flips over and keeps riding me, telling me how bad she needs a creamy protein stuffed milkshake and I know exactly what she means with that! I pull out of her wet cunt and blow my creamy load all over her dirty face and open mouth! 