I love my sexy girlfriend because she does all sorts of naughty things with me when she gets freaky and today, as she skated by the rail tracks in her tight Daisy Dukes she was feeling very freaky. She was looking very hot in her vintage skates and outfit with her sexy ass spilling out of the shorts as she skated around for the camera. She started by lifting her top as she skated, showing me her nice tits, with perky nipples. As you may have noticed, she has a bit of an exhibitionist side, and I just love it when it surfaces. It gets me so fucking turned on. She loves doing things outdoors, and sex may very well be her favorite outdoors activity, yeah, right after skating! She continued playing with her tits, looking around to make sure there was nobody in sight. I squeezed her boobs, pinching her nipples, feeling them getting harder in my fingers. She got under the shade of a big tree, pulling her Daisy Dukes down her thighs, giving me a glimpse of her juicy bubble shaped ass in her cotton panties. My dick was throbbing so hard it was just about to burst out of my pants as she got down on her knees, pulling it out and taking it to her mouth, sucking and stroking it with a dirty look on her sexy face. She gave me a wet blowjob, thick ropes of warm saliva dripping from her lips as she sucked my rod and licked my balls in public. I was so fucking turned on, all I could think about was fucking her on the spot, but honestly, I’m not as risky as my freaky girlfriend is. We had to stop because people started riding by the walkway, so I told her we should get back to our place. Once we got back we picked up right where we left off at the old abandoned train tracks. I pulled her cotton panties aside, rubbing and fingering her dripping wet slit, caressing those full pussy lips and that gorgeous clitoris, touching her anus too. My girlfriend loves when I play with her beautiful pussy. She laid on her back in our bed, her head dangling from the edge and her tongue outstretched as I slapped it with my hard cock. I fucked her mouth and throat, standing over her face, drool dripping from the sides of her lips as she made loud and sexy sucking sounds while devouring my member. I finally put her down on her hands and knees by the edge of the bed, pulling off her cotton panties, admiring her juicy bubble shaped butt and ramming my hard cock deep inside her dripping wet cunt, banging her doggie style from behind. It was warm and slippery as I moved in and out of it. Whenever I would stop fucking her, she would push her tight ass against my cock, urging me to keep fucking her harder and faster and deeper. I love her when she gets like that! I pumped my penis as hard as I could, she started moaning with pleasure, all the time telling me dirty stuff like ‘mmmmm Fuck me like a SLUT, harder! Fuck me! I am your little slut’. I pushed her down against the bed and kept fucking her while she spread her ass cheeks with her hands, showing me her puckered little asshole, contracting with every single thrust of my hard cock, going very deep in her body.   Then my sexy girlfriend sat on my dick and started to move her hips as my dick was sliding in and out of her lovely pussy. I grabbed her ass and pulled her to me hard, burying my cock real deep. She had an orgasm and that felt amazing. Fuck my pussy honey! Fuck it hard! OOOHHHH YEAHHHH! She grabbed my head and told me to keep going. Needless to say I was ready to blow my creamy load, splattering hot cum all over her. You have to see the massive load of cum she got covered in! The best in real amateur girlfriend smut is called GF Revenge! Soaked in hot cum after sucking their boyfriend’s dicks and getting their wet pyssies pounded hard, the last thing on these sexy girlfriends minds is the fact that their amateur sex video they just filmed with their boyfriend will get submitted here!