Nothing beats fucking tiny chicks like this slut with my huge cock! I used to suck at picking up chicks and I would never get laid, until I came up with the perfect system. Now I work as a casting agent and I get tons of sexy girls knocking on my door looking for a shot at success, but of course, in order to get their shot, the girls need to go through my huge cock first! I love tiny girls, and this spunky little bitch, measuring just 5 feet, was just the right size for my massive ding dong! Man, were we going to have some fun! She was wearing a sexy little red top and tight denim hot pants. She weighed 95 pounds, simply perfect to bounce up and down my hard cock. She stripped naked from the waist down and showed me some of her yoga poses, the inverted bridge was particularly sexy, as I could imagine myself fucking her hard in this position. Yes, I may not be able to make a single yoga pose, but I know how to fuck hot girls in every single yoga position in existence! I reached out and I began rubbing and fingering her cunt, it was so tight and wet already. My hand was wet her pussy juices were flowing like I had turned on a water faucet. I could hear her gushing as my fingers thrusted in and out of her clam, drenched in her pussy juices. I took her in my arms and lifted her up by her sexy hips, flipping her upside down into a piledriver. This way I could munch on her delicious pussy while she unbuckled my pants, grabbed my throbbing erection in her tiny hands and started sucking and stroking it like a nasty little bitch. I let her get down on her knees, so she could keep eating my cock, making sure she licked my shaft and polished my balls with that dirty little mouth and slippery tongue. If this tiny girl could suck good, she could fuck good! Her hole was tiny I didn’y know I would fit it in. I cradled her in my arms, impaled her cunt on my big juicy cock. My cock just slipped in I started pumping in and out. It felt so god damn wonderful. I made her bounce up and down on it. Her nipples were tiny and hard, sticking out like a thumb. We fit together nicely and she was so nice and tight! Her pussy was really hot, tight as hell. She was so excited her cute little butt was going round and round up and down bouncing like a basketball she moaned in pleasure. This tiny teen slut wanted a BIG dick to REALLY stretch her pussy. I spread her ass cheeks with my hands, so I could slip my fingers over her asshole and feel her anal sphincter contracting with every push of my meaty pole inside her tight clam, ready to take a nice creamy load of hot spunk! Her vagina eagerly responding to every movement of the dick traveling her small TUNNEL of LOVE. 