This dude is driving down the street, listening to his favorite tune on the radio, that’s when he opens his eyes for a split second and notices a hot brunette standing in the middle of the road right in front of his incoming vehicle! He hits the brakes and swerves, barely missing her! Man, that was fucking close! She’s a breathtaking dark haired vixen, and a tight white tank top with a flannel shirt and sexy denim shorts that almost stick to her hips and thighs! Man, she’s so fucking hot, that he lets her get in the back of the truck, despite the fact that his girlfriend is in the passenger seat right next to him, taking a nap. Let’s just hope she doesn’t wake up! Riding in the back of the truck is pretty cold, so she asks him to stop, and let her slip into the backseat. Her hands are so cold that she rubs them against his shirt to warm them up and as he feels her soft hands all over his chest, something between his legs starts warming up too, and getting pretty damn hard! He pulls over and while his chick sleeps in the passenger seat, he pulls out his hot huge cock and lets the girl take it in her mouth, sucking and licking it. She even deepthroats it, swallowing his whole cock, his girlfriend has never done this before. Teens loves huge cocks and she spreads her legs and asks him to fuck her little pussy not paying attention to his sleeping girlfriend. She wants him to fuck her hard, deep and overflow her vagina. She french kisses him and he caresses her beautiful loving body. She loves him to mount her missionary, pounding her pussy deep deep deep, she likes seated missionary with her legs on his shoulders. He goes deep in her teen body the deeper the better she likes to arch her butt to force his dick. Juices runs down her butt they make wierd noises fucking. He pumps her full of dick and her GIRL JUICES all over his huge dick, she must be PACKED FULL of girl juices every time his hard dick goes in her she cums & cums & cums. Her pussy tingles all over when he slaps her butt fucking her. He bangs her dripping wet cunt and blows his load all over her face and tits before leaving her at the next service station! 