This sexy slut and her best friend, a naughty blonde, are baking some cookies for their dads, when she cums up with a really dirty idea! Wouldn’t it be hot if they could swap dads, so they could each fuck each other’s parent? It makes sense because each of them has a huge crush on each other’s dad, it’s a perfect formula! The sexy slut removes her top, pressing her small delicious tits over the cookie sheet and getting them all covered sweet cookie dough! Her friend gets behind her, reaching over so she can fondle, caress and massage her soft breasts, pulling her puffy nipples to her lips so she can suck them and lick the dough of her friend’s bosom. She leans over the kitchen counter after stripping naked and straddles one of her legs on top as her friend gets behind and below her, spreading her delicious bubble shaped buttocks apart and using her soft, wet tongue to lick, probed and explored her dripping wet cunt. Eating her pussy out is definitely much more yummy than any cookie they could ever bake together! The blond finger fucks her, and they are having the time of their lives, but they have to cut it short because her parents are coming back home. The girls don’t really have time to put back all their clothes, so they just put the aprons over their naked bodies. When their dads see them, the girls can practically feel their eyes burning into them and when they look between their legs they can see the huge throbbing bulges of their hard cocks under the fabric. Two young naked girls look at each other and decide to put their naughty little plan into action. Each of them gets in front of the other girl’s dad and they slide down to their knees, unzipping and unbuckling their pants, pulling their boxers down as they start sucking and stroking their big juicy cocks. Both dads look at each other perplexed! Yes, it is a bit of an awkward situation since each of them can see their very own daughter giving the other head, but at the same time, they are getting their cocks blown and stroked by their daughter’s best friend, and that is so fucking hot that they just decide to go along with it, understanding that today, instead of baking cookies, the girls are swapping dads and they get to swap daughters! The girls hold hands while sucking and stroking those big meaty sausages, their precum tastes so much better than any topping they could put on a cookie, and their own little cookies are dripping wet and in desperate need to crumble under the hard thrusts of these huge erections! The dads sit on the living room couch and their naked daughters gets on top and ride them together. These hot girls decide to make cock riding competition, whose dad can make them cum first. These guys have never had sex with young teen sluts before and their daughters want to show them how teens of todat can ride a dick. They fuck their dads until they finally blow their creamy cum loads in their mouths!   Daughter Swap takes you to a sordid place of hot teen porn where naughty teen whores and their best friends let their horny daddies swap them around so they can fuck them very hard! These filthy teens and their swapped dad’s big dicks clash, collide and fuck together in the most insane hardcore action! Watch naughty teen sluts sucking their best friend’s daddy’s dick, licking their balls, fucking and getting fucked, getting their faces, bodies, tits and asses covered in hot cum! New videos and tight swapped daughters are added all the time so don’t miss out and check it out right now! 