When this beautiful brunette comes back home and finds her sexy blonde friend in a tight light blue top and with her hands under her orange polka dotted cotton panties, masturbating to some hit lesbian porn on her smart phone she gets pretty turned on. She had no idea that she was into this kind of smut, and she likes that. She’s had some fantasies of her own that have kept her up at night, sweating under her sheets while masturbating totally naked and imagining going down on her hot friend, and this is the perfect moment to act out on them. She snatches her phone and sits beside her, checking out the hot lesbian sex scene on the device while spreading her legs so she can see her lace panties under her denim miniskirt. The blonde crawls close to her and lets her hand wander across her thigh, reaching out to pull her lace panties aside, gently rubbing the brunette’s cunt. It’s so nice and soft, her friend shaves her pussy on a regular basis and it’s perfectly trimmed. She asks her if she wants her to be her first. The brunette leans back and spreads her long sexy legs over the couch so her friend can go down on her. She says “Eat me” and her the girl buries her face in her, the most private and sensible part of her body. She can feel that wet, slick, pink tongue parting her tender pussy lips and lapping on her wet slit. The young lesbian licks her clit from top to bottom, circling her tounge around and around the top part of her lips. She presses her face in harder. Her friend grinds her hips to the rhythm of her tounge fucking her pussy. Watching all that lesbian porn with naked girls has helped, because she licks pussy like a pro! The brunette removes her skit and panties so she can get down on her hands and knees, she needs to feel her blonde lover’s tongue and fingers stimulating her pussy, finger fucking her. She’s gushing, splattering pussy juices all over her friend’s hands and she can feel how she drinks them as she continues eating her out! Tremors all over two young female bodies, pressing, hugging and giving each other supernatural enjoyment. Her friend licks her up and climbs atop her, pushing her pussy into her face. She’s in heaven. Finally after about 30 minutes these young lesbians spasm together in the powerful orgasm. They are very much exhausted, just lying there on her bed, totally naked and look in each others eyes. 