My girlfriend has been working out her entire life, she even studied to become a certified fitness instructor. Now she came up with the idea of creating her very own fitness method and asked me to film her. She looks so incredibly hot in her tight gym outfits. I’m sure a lot of girls are going to buy her videos just so they can train hard and look just like her and a lot of guys are also going to buy her videos, so they can jerk off while watching them, LOL! That’s okay, I would do exactly the same thing if she wasn’t my girlfriend! The more I watched her performing squats and splits, the harder my cock was getting. Man, while she was working out, my cock was getting a workout too! She knew I was turned on, and she indulged me, pulling her training bra down so I could check out her sweat soaked titties and her beautiful pierced nipples. Then we came back home so we could continue working out in a more intimate and sexual fashion, you know what I’m talking about! I love fucking my sexy girlfriend while filming her working out! She made me lie flat on my back on her yoga mat, spreading her legs while standing and bending over, releasing my throbbing erection from underneath my pants and boxers, admiring how big and hard it got from watching her work out. She began sucking and stroking my cock, popping it in and out of her wet mouth, making these loud sexy sucking noises, getting down on her knees and giving me an incredible blowjob and handjob combination. I wanted to see her beautiful tits, so she pulled her training bra over her head, exposing her firm boobs and those sexy pierced nipples, totally hard and erect as she bent over the couch so I could penetrate and fuck her from behind. Her pussy always feels so fucking tight, and since she practices Pilates, she knows how to squeeze my hard cock with her pussy muscles, while pushing her juicy bubble butt back and forth against my crotch. All the time she is looking over her shoulder, moaning and panting, begging me to keep fucking her hard, telling me how much she loves my big juicy dick pounding her tight pussy and making her feel like a slut. I love watching her broad shoulders, her toned muscles on her back and her abs and her strong legs wrapping around my waist as I am banging her in missionary position. Sweat drips down our bodies, I lick it off her face, neck and shoulders and she presses her naked body against my own, feeling my hard cock even deeper inside her, pumping her faster, harder and deeper. She rubs my balls and her clit together with her hand. I spank her tight ass as I pound her will my force, blasting streaks of hot cum all over that beautiful body! 