I work as a PI or Private Investigator and usually my work involves following some girl or guy around, hired by their jealous boyfriend, girlfriend, husband, wife, lover, you name it. Most of the time, there’s nothing really going on, but sometimes, it is! I had been following this sexy short haired blonde for days with nothing out of the ordinary going on until she met with this guy. He was a young, handsome stud and as I got close to the window to take a look, I saw the hot blonde going down on him! I was so turned on by the way she was sucking on his hard rod, that I made a wrong move and gave away my cover! I was busted by the woman I was following! The guy scrambled and made a run for it, I guess he didn’t want to be exposed, maybe he was cheating on his own wife or girlfriend with this sexy blonde. As it turns out, the guy that hired me wasn’t this hottie’s husband, but her ex! She had caught him cheating on her and dumped his sorry ass! Wow! What a turn of events! Since she was upset by the fact that the guy was still sending somebody to spy on her, she decided to give him something to look at, and since her lover was gone, it looks like I was the perfect replacement! Talk about being in the right place at the right time! With a dirty smile on her beautiful face she made herself comfortable between my legs, grabbing my hard sausage in her soft hands, gently stroking it, feeling it getting bigger and harder in her hands as she took it to her lips. At the beginning she teased the tip with her lips and tongue, tasting the precum that flowed from it. This naked short haired blonde had an incredible body and beautiful tits with pierced nipples. I could understand how this guy couldn’t get over her and was jealous that she was fucking other dudes. I would be too! After giving me one of the best blowjobs I have received in my life, she turned over and I watched her sitting on my lap with that gorgeous bubble shaped butt, my throbbing member sinking inch by inch inside her wet cunt, almost as if it were sucking me in, man! I could not keep my eyes off of her big round ass cheeks. All this hot babe wanted to do was play with me & FUCK ME! Cute little titties, a tight tummy, a pink vagina and soft round ass! I started to squeeze her ass with my hands as her tight pussy started to squeeze my cock. Our naked bodies started to move into a rythm I was banging my hard dick against her eager wet pussy. The hot babe was all over me, I was all over her, we fucked & fucked, sucking her tits kissing her rough, playing with her butt playing with her clit massaging my soft flat belly her nails scratched my shoulders. 