This sexy brunette is getting ready to go out on a date and her hot blonde stepmom is helping her pick the perfect outfit so she can blow his mind off. While her stepdaughter tries on different dresses, the blonde hikes up her dress to make sure she has enough ass to put under it! She spanks her butt with her phone and jokingly lets her know that if she were not dating her dad, she would be in so much trouble! Fuck, you don’t have to read hard between the lines to understand what she is hinting at, right?  The stepdaughter gets visible aroused by her hot stepmom’s comments, and the experienced blonde doesn’t hesitate to act out on it, getting down on her knees as she raises her stepdaughter’s dress and sinks her wet tongue between her butt cheeks, eating her ass out while she holds on tight to her bed post! It’s been a long time since she last tasted a fine piece of teen ass and she devours the naughty brunette’s tender little asshole, stretching her anal sphincter with her pink tongue, rimming her asshole just like she does her daddy’s every fucking night! The stepdaughter wiggles her juicy butt to show how much she enjoys the anal toying from her naughty stepmom, she had no idea she had these kinds of fantasies about her but she loves it because she had them about her too! The blonde puts her on her back and spreads her legs wide open so she can eat her out in missionary, the brunette is wearing sexy high heel shoes that were meant to seduce and entice her date but definitely work well with horny stepmoms too! While they switch places so the stepdaughter can lick the cougar’s delicious muff, her date is already at the door, and since nobody was answering as he rings the bell, and he can hear sexy noises coming from the inside, he decides to invite himself in, and is pleasantly surprised when he reaches his date’s bedroom and finds her totally naked with her hot blond stepmom and having lesbian sex with her! Yes, he’s early for the date, but since he’s already there, why not join them for a steamy threesome fuck! Mom pulls his cock out and begins stroking it. She asks him if he has ever have sex with a MILF before. The naughty cougar gets down on her knees so she can suck and stroke the young stud’s rock hard erection. Meanwhile, the young naked girl is watching them, rubbing and fingering her dripping with pussy. She never imagined she would be masturbating while watching her naked stepmom giving her date blowjob! She joins them so the girls can suck his big hard cock together and drench it in drool. The date spreads the brunette’s legs wide open and pumps her dripping wet cunt with his big sausage in missionary position, with her crazy stepmom checking them out, playing with herself and caressing their naked bodies. From now on they are obviously going to triple date! Beautiful naked woman hikes her leg up on the couch and grabs his head and pulls his face to her pussy begging for him to lick and kiss it for her. His face is buried in her flesh. She smells and tastes wonderful when he licks her clit. The MILF teaches him how to make a woman feel good. Mama is moaning “give me some dick do me fuck me deeper deeper do me harder HARDER faster FASTER more MORE give me MORE MAKE ME CUM fill me full”. Both naked girls ride his dick and his face together. There’s nothing better than a threesome with two hot girls, fucking them good till they screa, and cum.   This MILF teaches teens stuff nobody their age can have done. So guys, if you really want to enjoy getting laid, find an older girl! If you love watching hot mature stepmoms seducing their horny teen stepdaughters and their handsome boyfriends so they can fuck hard in intense threesomes, come check out Moms Bang Teens right now! These naughty MILFs are definitely experienced and they want to pass on their sexual knowledge to the next generation! Watch them take off their clothes and have sex with their stepdaughters and their boyfriends! They love to fuck, suck dick, swallow cum, masturbate, have anal sex, lesbian fun and get involved in raunchy three ways! See sexy mature stepmothers with big tits, juicy butts and tight pussies fucked hard!