Let me tell you a bit about my roommate. Her name is Blair and she is 20 years old, and she moved in with me a few months ago. I have a big crush on her ever since she moved into the spare room in my apartment. Her measurements are about 36-24-25 and she is about 5’5" and weights 102, and she has nice flowing blond hair, bright eyes, and nice firm breasts. She has a beautiful face and a cute little tight ass. She works out on a daily basis so there is not an ounce of fat on her. When I got back home and noticed the bathroom door was partly open I couldn’t help taking a peep in. There she was, absolutely gorgeous and naked in the bathtub. It looked like she was relaxing after a long day at work, and I was surprised when I noticed she had her hands between her legs and she was masturbating herself in the hot water tub! When I noticed that she was playing with herself, my cock started throbbing hard. I could not take my eyes off her flawless body! Her nipples had become bigger and harder since she was so turned on stimulating herself and she had her eyes closed as she masturbated and when she opened them and saw me, she did not get mad or upset, she gave me a very dirty smile, almost as if she was happy to see me there, looking at her masturbating in the bathroom! Then she got off the tub and mouth dropped as I stared at her sexy naked body. She got close to me and started to suck and stroke my member, giving it soft kisses, almost nursing it as it grew even bigger and harder for her! She was down on her knees, her big, beautiful breasts dangling as she opened her mouth wide, swallowing my thick cock all the way down to the base and staying still so I could fuck her mouth, drool dripping down the sides of her lips and chin, running down those big tits and splattering all over the floor, forming a small puddle of her own saliva. She begged me to fuck her hard and cum all over her! I said my love juices will overflow your little pussy my cum will run out of your little pussy down your sweet cheeks down your beautiful legs you will be laying in my cum i will shoot cum all over your soft belly! She told me to press her boobs together and press my hard dick between them and fuck her soft luscious tits. She liked riding my cock when we sat facing each other and she liked sitting on me with her juicy bubble ass to me, with my hands cupping her boobs, her butt jingling up & down, she liked me behind her pressing against her butt cupping her boobs, fucking her fast and hard. At the end she could not stop swallowing my hot cum!!! 