My stepsister can be such a spoiled brat sometimes. I have to tell you, she can really get on my nerves would her little tantrums, bitching and whining about the dumbest things. She’s also quite clumsy, so it is not unusual for her to spill water all over her clothes. Her bitching was getting pretty loud. There was my stepsister, standing in the middle of the kitchen with her top totally soaked with water. Normally, I would just tell her to fuck off and go dry herself, but the situation was a little bit different. You see, my stepsister wasn’t wearing a bra underneath her drenched top, and I could see her soft, firm breasts and perky, erect nipples showing through the wet fabric. On top of that, she had just done her nails, and they were still drying off, so she practically begged me to take off her top. What the fuck? Of course I indulged her, and as I pulled the wet garment over her head, I could get a better look of her tits, sending tingles up and down my spine and making my cock twitch and throb. I had never seen my step sister this way, and to be honest, even to my surprise, I was getting pretty fucking turned on! Her pants were pretty soaked too, and I found myself literally stripping her naked in the kitchen! I couldn’t believe what I was doing, pulling her pants and cotton panties down, just inches away from her beautiful bubble shaped butt. My God, my stepsister had an incredible piece of ass! In front of me there were suddenly the most amazing pussy I have ever seen. Her titties were nice and so firm and good looking. The nipples were already showing their rising. I could not resist an instant touch. I could feel my cock getting bigger and harder between my legs, and I had trouble concealing my throbbing erection from her. “Wow, you’re really excited to see me naked!” She said, as she dropped to her knees and helped me pull my pants down, releasing my hard cock. She took a look at it with a very dirty expression on her face, biting her lower lip. She was definitely turned on by my cock and the fact that by now we were both totally naked in the kitchen! This isn’t what stepbrother and stepsister are supposed to do, LOL! I could see her fully erect nipples as she placed her hands on my thighs and leaned over, swallowing my hard cock, slurping and sucking like a dirty bitch. She sucked and stroked that cock like a porn star in a blow bang video, dude! In a matter of seconds she made me cum in her mouth! She kept going until i moaned in pleasure as I squirted cum in her open mouth. Cum splashed up on her tounge and her lips. When I finished cumming in her mouth she licked me clean. Watching my cum dripping from her beautiful lips left me so turned on. I look for her in her bedroom a few hours later, she pulled down her panties and we climbed naked on the bed. My sexy step sister mounted herself on top of me, took my cock in her hand and rubbed her pussy lips with it for a while and then started rubbing her clit with it. She lowered herself right on to it. There is nothing in the world like feeling your cock enter new pussy for the first time! It was slick and moist, and it enveloped my cock as she slid herself all the way down on me. My eyes were staring right at her beautiful big round ass bouncing up and down as she rode me. My naked step sister sat doggy style on the bed, exposing her pussy to me. It looked amazing! I fucked her doggy style. My slutty stepsister moved faster and faster, moaning loudly as she did. When I reached that point of no return that every guy knows, i pulled out and  my cock was squirting cum all over her face, and all she did was take a towel and act like it was no big deal.   If you love to watch sexy stepsisters fucked hard by their horny stepbrothers, you are going to adore Sis Loves Me! These cute, innocent stepsisters are ready to make their deepest sexual fantasies cum true, sucking and getting fucked hard by their very own stepbrothers and their big hard cocks filled with creamy spunk! Just watch as their tight pussies, tender mouths and puckered assholes get pounded hard and stretched out way beyond their natural proportions by their stepbrother’s throbbing erections! Beautiful stepsisters get fucked in all their wet holes and covered in hot cum in non-stop step sibling action!