I was looking for my sister, and instead I found her best friend August masturbating herself in her bed! She was watching some porn on her smart phone and she had her pants and panties around her ankles and her top pulled over her tits. Her legs were spread wide open and she was viciously finger fucking herself, so fucking hot! What intense masturbation scenes she gives. She is one of the sexiest girls ever! My penis throbbed. She moaned as she rubbed her clit and fingered her pussy, massaged her big tits too. Her tits were just so damn beautiful. I called my bro and told him what was going on, telling him to come over so he could get a look by himself. So there we were, watching my sister’s friend masturbating on my sister’s bed when my friend gets a call on his phone. The asshole forgot to put it on mute! August realized that we were spying on her, but she was pretty turned on by the situation and she was still excited by the porn she was masturbating to. She got down on her knees and started sucking and stroking my friends cock. I just watched in amazement as she took his cock in her mouth. She rammed his dick down her throat and drooled all over it, thick ropes of saliva dripping all over the floor as she gave him head. She lifted his cock and kept stroking it while sucking on his balls, man, this chick was a total fuck slut! She continued drooling all over his cock, letting her saliva drip down her tits and belly and rubbing it all over her naked body. She placed my friend’s cock between her big tits and massaged it with them, giving him a boob job. He grabs her head and fucked her mouth! She lied back, spread her sexy legs, exposing her beautiful pussy to us. She raised her legs above her head. He started fucking her dripping cunt in missionary position. She straddled herself on top of his big dick and impaled her pussy on it, making her smoking hot naked body bounce up and down his rod while moaning and grunting like a dirty bitch. Her tits were huge D-size at least, I never grew tired of looking at them, they were round, firm, bounced at just the right times. The sexy teen babe rubbed her pussy while she rode him in reverse cowgirl and he put her down on her hands and knees, fucking her doggie style from behind, pounding that tight gash with his big dick. He pressed her body against his and pulled her hair back, flipping her over and fucking her some more in missionary while groping and fondling her big tits and making her rub her cunt. She grabbed his burning cock and placed it between her big breasts he spilled load all over her chest and face, blowing sticky wads of hot cum all over her beautiful tits! 