This sexy babe is one fine ass shopaholic! Just look at her! She can’t even carry all the bags she has filled with clothes, shoes, makeup and stuff she bought at the mall. This guy passes by and sees her struggling with her purchases, so he offers himself to help her out with her bags. As she leans over, the low cut on her dress, gives him a glimpse of her naked breasts! She notices that he’s peeking, but that’s okay, she’s a naughty girl and she likes that! Once they drop off her bags at her place, she decides to thank him for his kindness. You see, this sexy bitch is not just a shopaholic, she’s also a cockaholic, LOL! She drops her dress, stripping down to her knee high boots and sexy panties. She drops to her knees, sucking and stroking on his massive cock. This guy has a huge cock and she loves them big, thick and hard! After giving him head, he holds her face still and fucks her mouth, cramming that long sausage down her throat. He puts the dirty little bitch down on her hands and knees, so he can fuck her pussy doggie style from behind. He presses her body against the couch, pumping her hard, making her squeal like a bitch in heat. While fucking her from behind, he grabs her by the neck and puts her hands behind the small of her back. The expertly fucks her in all positions for 1 hr. His cream shot all over her face, as she gasps in enjoyment. She loves being restrained while getting fucked at the same time and as much as she enjoys shopping at the stores and maxing out her credit card, this sexy fine ass shopaholic knows that she can’t get a huge cock like that at the mall! She’s a cutie! Never seen her before. I’m gonna say best RK debut since Vanessa Sparks, wow, she looks sexy in her outfit – and what a body underneath. She’s very skilled as well and gets a very good performance out of him. I’d definitely like to see more of her. I absolutely love her perfect little natural tits. I want them in my mouth for hours. She is perfect for porn. She has really big potential. Especially her ass is amazing.  