I was at the beach when I met these three sexy girls riding their bikes together in matching black swimsuits. They were the perfect three some, a beautiful blond, a sexy brown haired girl and a ravishing brunette. We started talking and hit it off. The girls were in the mood for getting naughty and liked doing and sharing everything together! I asked them if they also shared cock and they told me they absolutely loved to! It’s already pretty hard to hook up with a girl at the beach, imagine hooking up with three of them at the same time! The girls were rubbing oil all over their bodies and twerking their juicy bubble butts all over the beach and I couldn’t wait to get them alone, strip them naked and fuck them! Finally back at my place, the brunette and brown haired girl took off my pants and boxers and began playing with my hard cock, taking turns sucking and stroking it together, giving me a double blowjob and handjob. It got even hotter when the blonde joined them and I had three naughty kittens at my crotch, licking my dick and sucking my balls! I grabbed the brown haired babe and placed her sideways on the bed, pumping her dripping wet cunt with my big sausage while the brunette watched us fucking and played with her friend’s beautiful tits. I grabbed the friend’s ass, groping and slapping it and while I fucked her friend in missionary position, I made her stand and lean over so I could eat out her juicy cunt and her delicious ass. I took turns banging both of the naked girls and watching them rubbing and fingering their pussies, begging me not to stop fucking them. It’s so hot having the attention of three beautiful naked girls in bed, this was definitely an experience that I was not going to be forgetting anytime soon. I had one of the girls sideways again, spreading her ass cheeks and her legs with my hands, ready to continue pounding her tight clam with my hard cock, one her sexy blond friend joined us. She put her hands over her friend’s body, caressing her tits while checking out my dick and kissing me passionately. I gently pushed her face against her friend’s so I could watch them having a hot lesbian make out session while I banged her. I knew the blond wanted to feel my cock inside her, so I spread her legs and fucked her in missionary position while groping and caressing her best friend. The blond’s pussy was so fucking tight, and they gave it to her deep, hard and fast! I had been fucking all three beautiful best friends in turns and he was finally time to spray my hot cum all over them and watch them licking it off each other’s sexy naked bodies! 