This sexy and busty girl was working out with her boyfriend but it looks like the guy had something more important to do and left. Man, he should know better than leaving his busty girlfriend all alone at the gym, especially when I’m around, LOL! She was wearing a sexy white pair of leggings with a pink leotard over them, and as she squat on the exercising machine, I could get a good glimpse of her meaty and tender cameltoe! So fucking hot! Since her boyfriend wasn’t around to help her with her exercises, encourage her and compliment her on her beautiful body, I decided to take his place. She was more than happy for my help and company and when, what a naughty smile on her cute face, her hand reached between my legs and casually caressed the big throbbing bulge of my erection, I knew we were going to have some fun! Nobody else was at the gym, so we had the entire place to ourselves. Plus, her boyfriend wasn’t going to be back anytime soon! Perfect time and place! She asked me if I wanted to see her tits. She pulled her leotard down and let her big tits hang loose! She had the biggest, most beautiful boobs with large pink areolas. Her huge nipples were rock hard and standing straight out. She got down on her knees and took off my pants and boxers. She was amazed when she saw my huge cock, letting me know that it was so much bigger and harder than her boyfriend’s. She held it firmly by the base and took it to her lips, sucking it deep, making sexy slurping and sucking sounds as she gave me head. I rubbed the head of my cock all over her nipples then rubbed it all over her cute face, she then scooped it up and licked and sucked it again. The sexy babe moved between my legs, wrapped my hard cock between her big tits and pressed them together, massaging my member and giving me a tip job. She told me to fuck her boobs and drench them with my precum. I made her get down on her hands and knees and I ripped her leggings at the crotch, she loved that! She had the nicest ass I’d ever seen. I rammed my throbbing erection between her butt cheeks and started pounding her tight cunt doggie style from behind while she moaned and grunted like a bitch in heat. I flipped her over, fucking her in missionary while she played with her big tits. She got on top and rode me, those big bangers bouncing as she used me as her private sexual exercising machine, begging me to fill her with cum! I watched as her big juggs bounced up and down and I caught them and squeezed them hard as she fucked me good. I soon felt my cum building up in my balls and I withdrew this hot babe bent down onto her knees, “Cum all over my big tits!” I obliged and shot a nice thick load all over her big juggs, landing on her nipples and neck. I rubbed the cum in with the head of my cock and she squeezed her big cum coated tits around my softening dick. 