This sexy black haired teen babe is having an intimate afternoon with her boyfriend, wearing nothing but her cute cotton panties as she straddles herself on top of his lap. She can feel his throbbing member against her cunt through the soft fabric and it makes her pussy tingle and drip. His cock is fully erect as she slides down his body and takes it between her hands, gently stroking it and popping it into her wet mouth so she can give him a blowjob. While she strokes his member, she sucks his big balls, popping them one by one into her mouth and feeling them with her slick tongue. While she’s giving him head, her stepmom, a gorgeous blond with long legs and curly bangs, enters her bedroom, not knowing that she has company. She’s so turned on watching her teen step daughter sucking her boyfriend’s dick, that she stays by the door watching them. She passes her hands all over her body, groping and massaging her breasts, feeling her nipples getting hard and her mature pussy wet and hot as she graces its surface with her soft fingers. She tricks the young girl, telling her she needs help with her computer, so she can have some time alone with her boyfriend. She’s wearing sexy pink lingerie, with nylon stockings over a red bed robe. She hops into bed with her boyfriend, sucking and stroking his cock. When she returns and sees them she decides to join them so they can all have a steamy threesome. The girls take turns sucking and massaging his delicious erection and tasting the salty precum from the tip of his cock. The MILF gives her some tips how to suck her boyfriend’s cock properly. how to lick his balls and make him feel good. Then she decides to show her young step daughter how to ride a dick. Beautiful naked woman stands over the boy, slowly she lowers herself accepting the head of his young cock into her waiting cunt. Huge tits, nice cunt, sexy ass, she is a real MILF! The beautiful blond rides on top of his dick, making the boy almost cum in her. He cups her big tits and feels her pierced nipples while the naked girls look at each other. The teen girl takes her place so she can also feel that big cock pumping her hard just like her mom. The blond place with the brunette’s pussy and tits, masturbating her while she’s getting fucked by her boyfriend. It’s just so exciting watching them fuck so close up instead of doing it from across the room. She wants to see how her boyfriend blows his creamy load all over her face and body so she can lick it all off! 