This year we decided to have Thanksgiving dinner with my girlfriend’s best friend and her date. She’s a sexy blond with great tits and ass and my girlfriend knows how much she turns me on. That’s why, while we were eating and chatting, she reached under the table and felt the throbbing bulge under my pants. Yes, her best friend was given me a hard on. My naughty girlfriend casually unzipped my pants, taking my hard cock in her hand and stroking it while chatting with our friends as if nothing was happening. I love it when she does crazy shit like that! Imagine my surprise when I felt her best friend’s foot crawling between my legs and rubbing my crotch! I couldn’t believe it. Her perfectly pedicure toes and scarlet red toenails turned me on so much! Her boyfriend had no idea what was going on under the table! She pretended to drop the fork, crawls under the table and started sucking my cock and licking my balls! My girlfriend and I were so turned on, we excused herself and went to the bathroom, where she got down on her knees and started sucking my cock while stripping naked! Her sexy blond best friend decided to join us in the bathroom for a kinky Thanksgiving dinner threesome fuck! Now that’s something to be grateful for, LOL! The beautiful blond got down on her knees right next to my sexy brunette girlfriend and the girls took turns sucking and slurping on my rock hard erection and licking my balls! Too bad for her boyfriend who couldn’t join us, but I was happy having both of them just for myself! My girlfriend laughed and said she really wanted me to stick my dick in her friend’s cunt. The girls stripped me down and I lied flat on my back in the bathroom floor with my dick standing straight up while the sexy blond stripped naked, squatting over me while my girlfriend held my cock in her hands, jamming it deep inside her best friend’s tight cunt. Her pussy was real nice and it felt great to have my dick in it. I loved watching that juicy bubble butt bouncing up and down my lap as her best friend rode my cock in reverse cowgirl and my beautiful girlfriend caressed and kissed her meaty buttocks. My girl sat on the bathroom counter and spread her legs wide open so her slutty friend could lick and suck on her delicious cunt while I continued fucking her from behind with my throbbing erection and spanking that juicy butt. My girl got down so she could make out with her, swapping tongue and tasting her own pussy on her best friend’s lips. I know that shit turns her on so much! I pulled out and stuck my pussy soaked dick in her mouth. She took the whole thing in. It felt really good. My girlfriend wanted to write cock too, so she took her best friend’s place, impaling her pussy on my meaty pole. She kept her ass cheeks spread wide open with her hands, so her best friend and I could admire the crack of her ass and her tender little asshole. The girls ate each other out and blew my cock. I licked their pussies for a while too. They exploded their pussy juices all over me. Naked girls both laid down on the floor, ass to ass, and lifted their asses and spread their pussies wide, both inviting me inside. I took advantage of the position of the two girls and slid my dick into one pussy, then the other. I serviced each girl in turn, pumping hard at one cunt, then the other. The feeling of their two pussies was indescribable. They said they both wanted the cum running down their vaginas. This went on for several cycles until I couldn’t hold back and blasted my cum all over the one girls pussy and then turned to shoot some in the other girls pussy. Now with the two girls both filled up with my cum we could return to the Thanksgiving dinner table!   You guys are without a doubt the best of the best! MOFOS is a massive porn network filled with sexy real amateur girls in each and every video. You can watch them getting fucked hard in POV action, pretending you’re the one banging them and feeling them with cum. These naughty girls love risky sex, they get turned on cheating on their boyfriends and husbands, sneaking behind her back so they can suck cock, get fucked and swallow lots of cum. Almost getting caught while having sex is what really turns them on and they just love having a big hard cock filling them up and making them cum like a filthy whores about to get caught at any moment! I subscribe to MOFOS mainly for these amazing reality porn scenes.