We are getting married in a couple of days and my girl was trying on the lingerie she was going to wear on our wedding night. She didn’t want me to see her so she told me to get out of the house, but I couldn’t resist seeing her in sexy lingerie, so I snuck to the back and spied on her from behind the bedroom window. It was a beautiful lace set with garters and dark nylon stockings. Man, she looked so fucking hot, cute little butt, sexy legs! She turned over and noticed that I was spying on her, and she let me get back inside so I could take a better look as she played with herself, touching her body all over the sexy lingerie. Watching her getting so naughty and dirty was giving me a huge hard on! My cock jumped, she felt it and responded by slowly turning around pushing her beautiful ass against my raging hard cock. She slowly dropped her hands to her hips and began to massage my cock with her ass. Moving up and down. I knew my beautiful, brunette, petite girl was turned on! She made me get comfortable and got between my legs, sucking and stroking my hard cock with a filthy look on her beautiful face. She lied flat on her back and spread her legs as I rammed my throbbing member deep inside her dripping wet cunt and started fucking her in missionary position. We were supposed to wait until our wedding night fuck, but we were both so fucking horny, and I couldn’t resist her smoking hot body in that sexy lingerie outfit! She pulled her legs behind her armpits, crossing them behind her head and begging me to fuck her very hard! I could see her clit sticking out between her lips and she was very wet from leaking fluid from her vagina. Then I lied flat on my back and my sexy naked girlfriend straddled herself on top, my fat cock sinking inch by inch inside her wet cunt as she rode me cowgirl style. Her sexy little moans and grunts get me excited, and watching that delicious meaty pussy of hers made me want to blow my load right there on the spot. Of course I was going to have to be very careful because we didn’t want to get any spunk on that sexy lingerie outfit! She rode me like an experienced and seasoned cowgirl, pushing her pelvis up and down against my crotch. If this was just a pre-taste of what our wedding night was going to be like I was definitely ready to get married with this beautiful girl! Pretty soon I was gushing hot cum all over her body! 