My naughty stepsister is quite a slut and she is always filming herself doing all sorts of kinky shit for her boyfriend, so I like to hide in the closet so I can spy on her and masturbate while watching her. Today she was wearing a sexy tank top and a short skimpy denim overall and she was playing in her bedroom with a banana, sucking it as she pretended it was a big hard cock. Watching her deep throat the ripe yellow banana made my cock throb beneath my pants. A while later, they knocked on the door. My stepsister got a package and I couldn’t help looking inside, finding it was an anal fox tail butt plug! I don’t have any problem with her buying this shit, but she’s buying it with my credit card, so I think I have the right to watch her wearing it, right? My slutty step sister looked at me and turned around on her knees with her beautiful ass facing me. She looked around and told me to pull her cotton panties to the side and ram the butt plug deep inside her tender little asshole!!! I shoved it up her ass, watching it stretch out to accommodate the pretty big anal plug until it was inside her. Dirty little slut was getting so turned on as I inserted the plug inside her anal funnel. I took her panties off while making her shake and jiggle her tight bubble butt so I could watch that sexy fox tail wiggling. My naked step sister crawled all over her bedroom floor like a nasty slat and then she got on her knees, pulling out my rock hard boner and stuffing her mouth with it! I almost came as she started to lick and suck and throw my cock around her mouth. She nibbled on my head and bit my shaft. She sucked and stroked my throbbing member as I lied flat on my back so she could straddle herself on top. I was ready to push my cock into her pussy, but my slutty sis had other plans in mind. She removed the sexy fox tail butt plug and told me to fuck her little asshole!!! She said she couldn’t take it any more and told me in no uncertain terms to fuck her senseless. And I rammed my hard sausage deep inside her asshole! She had a really tight asshole, but it eventually stretched. Yes, I was butt fucking my stepsister and I was so fucking proud of it! That was my first anal sex experience. She rode my dick on her asshole in cowgirl and reverse. She was moaning and groaning the whole time. It was wonderful. Seeing her big tits right in front of me, her wet cunt and my cock going ina nd out her ass, drove me wild. I lost total control and started pounding her relentlessly. She arched her back and slammed her arms down on the bed and grabbed handfuls of the sheets when she started to scream. “Owww! Fuck! You liked it? FUCK ME, fuck me, make me cum! Cum in my fucking ass!” I grabbed her ass with both hands and kept pounding her hard and fast, making her scream with pleasure. She threw herself back on the bed and spread her legs and pulled me on top of her “Fuck my cunt! Now fuck my cunt!” I stuck my penis in to her hot, tight pussy and pumped it in and out. She through her head back and moaned loudly as my balls slapped violently into her pussy lips. She wrapped her legs around my waist and screamed for me not to stop. I took turns fucking her pussy and her asshole and I fingered her pussy while pounding her butt in missionary position.   Her tight anus muscles closed around my cock as I pumped both holes. I fucked her so hard that my balls slapping her tight ass actually hurt a little. She knew I was going to blow, her hips were going full speed with me and she yelled “I’m fucking coming. Cum in me. Cum in me…” I continued fucking her, changing holes as I spurted stream after stream into her cunt and her ass in turn, finally spraying hot cum all over her sexy naked body and face! I fucked her mouth, fucked her cunt, fuckrf her gaping ass. I was fucking her until cum was pouring from her pussy and ass between her legs like a river!