My sexy busty girlfriend was getting ready to go to work early in the morning. You know how it is, she works as a Vet and her scrubs look so hot on her. I had a huge morning wood and I asked her if she could just give me a morning blowjob before running off to work! She popped her big tits underneath her scrubs, took my throbbing member in her hands and started sucking and stroking it. After a couple of minutes, I could tell she was getting into it, because despite the fact that she had to run for work, she was taking her time sucking my fat cock and licking my big balls. My babe took off her scrubs, living on her sexy cotton panties as she continued slurping on my dick like if it were an ice cream cone. Her wet, warm tongue wriggling all over my shaft made it tingle. Man, she had me so fucking hard! Without saying a word, she motioned me to get on my back and straddled herself on top. My girlfriend has really big all natural tits and watching them bouncing up and down as she is riding on my cock in cowgirl position is definitely a spectacle worth the of National Geographic or the Discovery Channel! She moaned and grunted as she rubbed and grind it her pelvis against my crotch. I dont need porn, my girlfriend is the hottest, sexiest, bust a nuttiest babe! None of the other girls come even close compared to her! It’s true… Best boobs ever! Two big, firm, round, juicy tits with yummy nipples, perfect body, sexy ass, cute face and a lovely pussy. I put her down on her hands and knees, admiring her delicious bubble shaped ass, ramming my hard cock between her butt cheeks, feeling her wet pussy swallowing it whole as I banged her doggy style from behind. Her big booty made loud smacking noises as it clashed against my cock and she looked over her shoulder to see how deep and hard I was penetrating her. I love it when she gets so fucking turned on and I can tell because when I stopped fucking her, she pushes her juicy butt against my cock, urging me to keep fucking her. I tell her she’s going to be late, but it doesn’t matter anymore, all she wants now is to feel my meaty pole pounding her tight pussy, making her cum over and over like a dirty slut until I’m ready to blow my creamy load all over those big tits! 