My girlfriend is a smoking hot blond and she always wants sex and you would think that I always want to fuck her brains out, but hey, I’m the breadwinner in this house so sometimes you have to work and sex, unfortunately, have to wait. I mean unfortunately because when my girlfriend isn’t using my cock to satisfy herself, she’s using my credit card to make expensive purchases! When my credit card company called me telling me she made an $8000 purchase, I went ape shit! I put that nasty skank over my knee and started spanking her tight bubble shaped ass, making her scream, moan and grunt! My fucking cock got hard as a rock after spanking her sexy ass, and she took it in her hands and started sucking and stroking it like a dirty little fuck slut. She was going to have to let me fuck every single hole in her body as many times as I wanted to until that 8K debt was paid off in full and with interests! I made her choke and gag on my throbbing member so she would lube it up with her drool and then I put her down on her hands and knees, she spread her delicious ass cheeks and I ram my hard dick deep inside the dripping wet pussy of hers. Her ass cheeks were still swollen red from the spanking and I grabbed her by her wavy blond hair and pulled back on it, using them as reigns to fuck her very hard from behind. Her wet lips wrapped around my cock felt so good that I thought I was going to cum right there. My girlfriend is so sexy! But I wasn’t going to do all the work, so I lied flat on my back and made this blond bimbo straddle herself on top, bouncing up and down my cock with this dirty look on her slutty face. She moved her hips in rhythm to my rhythm inside her, faster, then slower, squeezing my cock rhytmically with her vagina walls. Bitch rubbed her clit while riding on my cock and I flipped her over so I could see her bubble butt, pinning her by underneath her knees and power fucking her. She took me to the bathroom under the shower, and I fucked her in standing position while she begged me to fuck her deeper and harder and promise she would never ever use my credit card again without my permission while I used her mouth as a cum dumpster to blow my creamy load into and watch her swallow it! 