While visiting her parents for dinner, my hot brunette girlfriend took me to her dad’s office and we started making out like crazy! I put her against his desk, hiking up her skirt and pulling her panties down her knees, spreading her delicious ass cheeks, licking her tight asshole and her dripping wet cunt. I tongue fucked her pussy and spanked her ass, she always gets so fucking horny when we are at her parents’. I spread her ass checks with both hands and slid my tongue up and down her ass crack between her wet, swollen pussy lips, kissing, licking, sucking her lips, her clit and her sensitive little asshole. I sat on her dad’s chair and she got down on her knees, my cock was as hard as a fucking rock as she sucked and stroked it with a dirty look on her face. Drool dripped from the sides of her lips as she deep throated my cock all the way down to the base. My girlfriend adores the feeling of my hard cock filling her mouth, she almost cums when my cock is throbbing in her mouth. We stripped naked and my sexy girlfriend stood leaning against the desk as I penetrated and fucked her from behind, pumping her wet cunt with my hard cock. My hot girlfriend has the sexiest ass ever, such a cute little ass! In general her body is so tight and toned, flawless with perfect breasts, absolutely flat abdomen and tiny waist, and yes one of the best pussy holes I have ever feasted my eyes upon. Every inch of her young body is gorgeous. We had spent the weekend at the beach so my girlfriend had these sexy tan lines and I sat her on her daddy’s desk and fucked her pussy. I love having her on that position because I can see my huge cock going in and out of her little pussy and it gets her very turned on. I sat on her dad’s chair again and I made her sit on my cock, making her body bounce up and down my shaft as she rode me in reverse cowgirl. This position is fabulous because I don’t have to do all the fucking, I can just sit and my beautiful naked girlfriend pushes her juicy bubble butt against my hard cock. I took her to a nearby couch, lying flat on my back and letting her straddle herself on top, feeling my hard cock sinking inch by inch inside her wet, hot clam. I pressed her beautiful naked body against my own while fucking her very hard, hearing her moan and grunt with utter satisfaction. Still sitting on my cock, she leaned back, grinding her pelvis against my crotch. I caressed and groped these beautiful breasts. Knowing that any minute her daddy or mommy could come into the office and watch us fucking had us both really turned on, so we kept fucking until I was ready to blow my load all over her beautiful face and her hot naked body! I want you to cover my face with your cum! She grabbed my balls and began deepthroating my cock. She engulfed me one more time as I release my gift in her throat. She continued until I covered her beautiful face with my cum! 