After hurting my back at work I took the day off and booked a session at a local massage parlor. The masseuse was the sexiest babe ever, and she gave me one of the sexiest massages I ever got. I wasn’t sure if my back felt better, but I was damn sure I had a raging erection! Suddenly, I felt her climbing on the massage table, then I felt her bare breasts rubbing against my back! I could feel her hardened nipples softly caressing my naked skin and her soft silky hair. Now my back was definitely feeling better! The naked girl continued her massage and I felt her skilled hands reaching under the towel and grabbing my throbbing member, caressing and massaging it along with my balls. Man, if I would have known before the therapeutic massages were like this, I would have hurt my back much sooner, LOL! She told me to turn over and she sat on my lap, taking my hands and placing them over her beautiful tits. The nicest pair of tits one could hope for! Her breasts were full, high, round, and firm. She was smoking hot and sexy! She let me grope, squeeze and fondle her amazing tits while she grind that her pelvis against my throbbing erection. She strips totally naked and got my dick even harder with a handjob, then I felt her soft, wet tongue playing with the tip and slowly moving down my shaft and balls! The naked girl finally straddle herself on top, inserting my hard cock inside her dripping wet cunt and riding me cowgirl style, her big tits pressing against my chest. I massaged and fondled her breasts kissed my lips and I felt her tongue exploring my mouth. Still impaled on my hard cock, she flipped over and squat, riding me in reverse cowgirl so I could check out her beautiful bubble shaped butt…and a slow easy way, both massaging and fucking! You have to see how incredibly hot this babe looked while riding cock and getting nailed hard! I put her sideways on the massage table, our bodies very close together since it was pretty narrow, ramming my hard sausage deep inside her wet cunt and pounding her as hard and as deep as I could. She confessed that she didn’t usually do this with her customers, but she liked me I wanted to give me a very special happy ending that would make my back pains go away. I pulled out of her tight clam and sprayed hot cum all over her big tits and sexy face and got an appointment for next week! 