This beautiful black babe wakes up suddenly in the middle of the night when she hears noises in her apartment. She puts a robe over her sexy white lingerie, slips into her high heels and goes downstairs. She realizes there’s a burglar in her home, but he messed with the wrong girl! She sneaks back upstairs and set a trap for him! The burglar finds out pretty fast that he’s in trouble, this hot black chick has him by the balls! She has a filthy burglar sex fantasy, and he can help her make it cum true, in exchange for her letting him go without calling the cops and pressing charges! The first thing you notice about this sexy babe are the bangin’ curves of her body. She is stacked and racked, with a gorgeous pair of 32DD tits and a perky bubble butt. He pops her big ebony tits over her white lace bra, grabs her by the neck and pushes her to her bed. He makes her pull her thong down her knees and get down on her hands and knees, ramming his big throbbing cock deep inside her black cunt and banging her doggie style from behind. Looks like the adrenaline rush got the burglar’s cock as hard as a motherfucking rock! His cock is really huge, 12 inch long, 3 inch thick. He fucks this sexy black babe very hard while undoing her bra and letting those big brown puppies loose so they can bounce up and down and side to side as he plows her with his hard member. He reaches over, kissing her neck and shoulders while groping and squeezing her big brown jugs. The sexy black babe sits on the side of the bed, playing with her big tits while sucking on his juicy cock. She massages and caresses it, making sure she licks his balls before he pounds her hard in missionary position. She wants to be dominated by this rough men fucking and raping her in all positions one after the other, missionary, doggie style, 69, with her on top. She’s being flipped over again and again, for hours. After fucking her from every angle he blows his creamy load all over those big chocolate tits and her pretty face!   Don’t miss more black porn with the hottest and sexiest ebony girls! Pov, risky, sneaky, cheating and almost caught sex! Brazzers is hands down the world’s best HD porn site, offering you the most exclusive downloadable and streamable adult HD videos on the web! Brazzers features daily updates with the sexiest pornstars across the hottest sites on the net. With over 1400 pornstars starring in 5000 plus movies, you will have access to all the big tits, hot asses and anal you could ever dream! Watch your favorite MILFs, babes and teens with big tits, juicy bubble butts and dripping wet pussies sucking dick, getting fucked hard and swallowing lots of hot cum while you bust a nut! 