This guy just got married to this sexy blond in a tight blue dress and they are looking to buy a new house. They have a meeting with a realtor but she’s running late, so they wait for her inside the property. She’s a sexy brunette wearing a skimpy blue top and a short yellow skirt. The newlyweds are making out in the hall when she arrives and it kind of gets her turned on. The guy’s hot and she likes hooking up with her clients, especially when they are married. When the blond isn’t looking, she starts flirting heavily with her husband. While the wife is looking around, the realtor shows the husband the rest of the property, casually letting her hand graze his crotch, getting a feel of the throbbing bulge between his legs. She gets down on her knees and unzips his jeans, grabbing that meaty cock and stuffing her mouth with it. After giving him head, he puts her down on her hands and knees over the leather couch and starts banging her dripping wet pussy doggie style from behind while cupping her big tits in his hands! He is balls deep in her when they hear his wife coming. His wife interrupts them, but the realtor takes him upstairs, to the master bedroom! She pops her big tits over her top and straddles herself on top of his cock, riding it after sucking and stroking it. She rubs her muff while he’s pounding her hard, reaching over to grope and squeeze her meaty tits. They strip totally naked, and this sexy naked babe lies on her back, one leg over his shoulder while he jackhammers her wet cunt in missionary position. Married men are always so fucking horny, she knows this by experience! Her body is dripping with sweat while he’s fucking her, making her tits jiggle while she fingers and rubs her dripping wet snatch. There is nothing hotter than when the woman gets all sweaty during sex. She can imagine his wife coming upstairs and barging in on them. Maybe she would get upset, maybe he would get turned on and decide to join them for a threesome. This sounds exciting, but she prefers having this married men for herself, feeling his hefty cock throbbing inside her tight pussy as he fucks her harder and faster. After he pulls out and blows his load all over her, they dress up and rejoin his wife downstairs. She knows this deal is sealed! Enjoy! This babe is hot as hell and she gives great cock suck and ride. You have to see this hot Latina babe show off all her amazing curves as she works his cock to an explosion of man juice all over her. Also love the concept and sneaking around. 