These teens are best friends and so are their dads so it’s not unusual for them to enjoy movie night together on a regular basis. Tonight, however, is a little bit different, because each of the girls is sitting next to each other’s dad. When one of the girls reaches over for more popcorn, she finds herself touching her friend’s dad’s hard cock! At the same time, her naughty best friend is giving her dad a handjob! Looks like their pervy dads agreed to a daughter swap on movie night! Not that the cat’s out of the box, or the cocks are out of the popcorn bags, LOL, the girls are free to enjoy their swapped daddy’s throbbing cocks! They take those hefty dicks in their hands and suck them hard, they taste so fucking good! The girls put the movie on pause, straddling themselves on their daddy’s laps and riding them, feeling their fat cocks pounding their dripping wet cunts. The girls are touching each other too, caressing their juicy little bubble butts as they bounce up and down those meaty poles almost in perfect synch! One of the girls gets put on her hands and knees and gets her tight snatch pounded hard doggy style from behind while her friend is laid flat on her back so her friend’s horny dad can pound her cunt in missionary position. Two young naked girls are facing each other as they get fucked by their swapped dads so they can make out and touch each other. Seeing their daughters having hot lesbian sex together turns these pervy dads on even more! Alison sits on her friend’s face and feels her wet tongue wriggling in her pussy while her dad licks her nipples and plays with her tits, jerking his big fat cock. Awesome!!! She gives the dad a delicious blowjob and she sits on his face so he can eat her out while she watches her own daddy getting blown by her best friend, it’s such a turn on! Naked girls straddle themselves back on top and ride them in reverse cowgirl, feeling their dads’ big juicy erections stuffing them and plowing them so good. Movie nights will never be the same after this, but they love this new version, now they can watch hot porn movies and have lots of swapped sex afterwards and swallow their dads’ cum! 