I put an ad online in one of the hook up sites because I was looking for a tiny teen slut, and this crazy little 18 year old whore replied, sending me a bunch of naughty pictures and even some videos. I hit her up and invited her over to my place. I was amazed with how tiny and spunky she was, I could put my hands all around her tiny little waist and I could just imagine how tight her pussy would be! I even could pick her up and put her over my shoulder and she giggled like crazy, so fucking sexy! I power lifted her and she was impressed with how strong I was, LOL. we started making out and I could feel her hands reaching under my pants, rubbing and massaging the throbbing bulge between my legs. She was all excited to see my big cock. She got down on her knees, kissing my dick over the fabric of my shorts, I love it when a dirty slut does that shit! I pulled them down and she was amazed with how thick and big my erection was, as she played with it in her small hands, making it bigger as she sucked and stroked it like a dirty little cock sucker. I watched in awe as she stuck out her tongue and rubbed my cock all over it. Her moist lips were focused on the head of my cock and on my balls. She licked and slurped my shaft and balls, she even brought her own measuring tape to make sure my cock was as big as I told her it was! She was happy to see I didn’t lie, LOL! She liked to do silly shit, like putting her sunglasses over my cock while sucking it, but you know, a chick can get away with a lot of silly shit when she’s eating your dick and popping your balls into her mouth, right? I put her down on her hands and knees, tongue fucking her dripping wet pussy and her tight little asshole while she pushed my face against her ass, burying it between her butt cheeks. It was too much for her. She was moaning and I knew her hot teen pussy wanted more. I rubbed my huge dick up and down the crack of her ass and she pushed her butt against my crotch, urging me to ram my hard on deep inside her tight cunt and impale her with it. Damm, her naked ass and wet pussy looked nice. With one fierce motion, rammed it as hard as I could. Her eyes opened wide as my cock slipped deep into her body. I began fucking her doggie style from behind, jamming my thumb into her tender little asshole, kind of double penetrating her. She loved that shit! I stood still and she pushed her bubble butt back against my dick. Yeah, she didn’t want that big cock fucking to stop, bro! I put the tiny naked girl into a piledriver, eating her muff while she sucked my cock and then I let her straddle herself on top, squatting over me as she rode my huge pole in reverse cowgirl. I laid her on her back and kept fucking her in missionary, watching her rubbing her muff as I plowed her. I kept pounding that delicious muff and finally blew loads of hot and creamy cum all over her face and mouth, this little bitch was a keeper! She looked beautiful with cum on her face.   Every part on this tiny woman’s body all natural, just the way we love it. Lovely small frame with a fat pussy what more can you ask for. If you like jerking it to 18 year old small girls getting fucked hard by huge cocks and blasted with cum you can do what every other guy like you is doing, joining DontBreakMe and checking out all the young hot girls that get their dripping wet fuck holes pounded hard right here! Daddy told these girls, find a job you love but their interests are huge cocks and fucking, fucking, and then fucking some more. Young teen girls line up at their office ready to try the biggest cocks in porn!