I love spending time with my best friend, with known each other for years and we have shared so many things and experiences together. However, sometimes, I just can’t help feeling sexually attracted to her. After all, she’s a beautiful blond, with long wavy hair and a smoking hot body. When we are fooling around and getting physical I always hope it gets to another level, I just never expected it to actually happen and in the most cliché of ways! Yes, I must confess that, we were having a pillow fight! All of the sudden, her left tit popped out, and it just happened. I told her it was okay, and the way she looked at me made me know that it was okay for me to make my move. I managed to lean forward and kiss her breast. I pulled her towards me and I kissed her lips. And she kissed me back! I couldn’t believe this was actually happening at last! I laid her on her back and pulled her top over her belly and tits, passing my hands all over them. Her skin was so soft and warm to the touch! I started sucking on her nipples, kissing her breasts and her tummy. This led to some seriously hot girl on girl action! My friend got down on all fours so I could take off her shorts and her panties. I pulled them off revealing her beautiful ass and her shaved pussy. I spread her ass cheeks with my hands and I went straight for that delicious asshole I had fantasized with licking so many times! It felt as incredible as I thought, she wriggled as my naughty tongue stretched out her anal sphincter and played inside her! I caressed her, moving my tongue along her ass crack, from her anus to her clitoris. I couldn’t take much more of this, my first time was becoming the hottest ever. I flipped her over so I could lick her snatch, her pussy juices were simply intoxicating, like the finest of wines! She was wet and flowing. Her sweet juice couldn’t stop flowing onto my tongue.I licked her clitoris slowly and softly from many directions feeling the smoothness against my tongue. She had her first orgasm with me when I touched her clit. Spre spread her legs wide open, grab my head and pressed my mouth deeper between her wet lips, to give my tongue full access. She got on top of me and we formed a 69, eating each other out. How can one describe in words the feeling that you get when a beautiful naked girl eats your pussy for the first time, sliding her warm tongue into you? She told me I smelt and tasted good. I licked her clitoris at the same time. I lost count of how many times I orgasmed, feeling her wet tongue inside me as I played with her pussy with my tongue and fingers! We scissored each other, tribbing like dirty little Dykes in heat! We started humping and pushing our wet and sticky pussies together, sharing our juices, rubbing our clits. Pussy fucking pussy! We kissed over and over as I finger fucked her pussy. I enjoyed making her cum as much as she enjoyed making me climax. It was the best first lesbian experience ever and the best thing was that he was with her, my best friend, and it wouldn’t be the last!   You have to see all the hot ass and pussy eating in every which way, so hot!!! Great scene with two hot 18 year olds! How can someone that young be THAT good at eating pussy!?! Beautiful naked girls, great talent, great foreplay, classic pillow fight, good clean lesbo fun, great pussy eating, sweet rimming, great intimacy, great passion, and great chemistry – overall amazing lesbian scene! Two natural body hotties and they really seemed to be turned on by the smell and taste of each other’s pussies! Bravo! Dont miss more sexy girls licking their dripping wet pussies and tight assholes as they seduce each other into hot lesbian action, rubbing their pussies together and masturbating each other! You have to see all the hot ass and pussy eating in every which way so come inside right now and don’t miss out!