In an attempt to learn more about her new step daughter this beautiful mature brunette snoops through her things in her bedroom and finds a huge vibrator! Parents these days seem to have zero trust. While, at least now she knows she likes to masturbate herself! She hears the door downstairs, her stepdaughter is back and on her way to the bedroom! She doesn’t have time to leave, so she hides in the closet. Her stepdaughter is back with her boyfriend, and since she believes they are all alone, she starts making out with him. Through the closet door, the MILF can see her stepdaughter sucking and stroking her boyfriend’s cock, it’s huge! She’s been around the block many times and she has never ever seen such a big, hard cock! The guy is smoking hot and her stepdaughter is also pretty damn sexy! As she watches her straddling herself on top of her boyfriend’s big dick, she can’t help taking her hands to her dripping with pussy and masturbating herself. She wishes she was the one bouncing on that throbbing erection. When the boyfriend puts her stepdaughter down on her hands and knees and starts fucking her doggie style from behind, the horny MILF can take no more and interrupts them! She takes her stepdaughter’s face in her hands and guides it to the stud’s thick rod, making her suck it and deep throated while she watches. She sucks it too, while her beautiful stepdaughter licks the guy’s balls. The cougar strips naked and lies sideways on the bed so her stepdaughter’s man can take her from behind and fuck her dripping with pussy while the naughty teen cups his balls in her hands and caresses them gently, making that dick get even bigger and harder inside her pussy. Her daddy has a little wiener and he can’t even get it up, so her stepmom is so happy they finally have something to bond with, and even better, to share! Her big tits bounce as she gets pounded hard from behind by the stud and as she spreads her legs, she discovers that her dirty little stepdaughter loves eating her out! She’s pretty good at it too, she can feel that little pink tongue wriggling inside her cunt and it feels so fucking good! She can’t believe she’s having lesbian sex with her very own step daughter and a three some with her boyfriend! The MILF wants to watch how the stud fucks her stepdaughter in missionary position while she caresses his beautiful body and she rubs her stepdaughter’s dripping wet snatch, making her cum with that big dick pumping her. She sucks his cock so she can taste her stepdaughter’s pussy on it. She thought they didn’t have much in common, but now she knows they both love big cocks and getting fucked like sluts! Her stepdaughter sits on her face while her boyfriend plows her pussy and fills her up with cum! Love to see an older woman and a young woman in action together. Reagan Foxx is simply the best milf performer! 