If you are lucky, you will get to fuck a girl that squirts in your lifetime, so imagine my luck when I got to take part of the craziest squirting orgy in porn history with these two beautiful girls! When my blond friend told me she could squirt, I was blown away, then she told me her brunette friend, a cute girl with glasses, could also gush like a fountain and they liked squirting together I would love to have me join them for a squirting orgy! Of course I had to be part of this! The girls got naked and started playing together and I watched the brunette with glasses gushing like a fountain while stimulating her pussy with a vibrating wand. Then it was the blond’s turn to masturbate herself and she squirted pussy juices straight into the brunette’s open mouth and she drank them down like the sweetest elixir while munching on the blonde’s tender pussy. The brunette getting no I was watching them, since the blond had led me into spy on them, but she was okay with me joined in them for a hot threesome with lots of squirting action. The blond took my hard cock in her hands and began sucking it, letting the brunette play with it too. I love getting my dick sucked and stroked by two hot girls at the same time, especially when they are squirters! While the blond sucked my dick and licked my balls, her friend rubbed her twat and squirted all over my cock and her friend, fucking hot! The crazy sluts continued giving me the sloppiest blowjob ever while masturbating and squirting, all those fluids getting mixed up was an intoxicating sensation. The blonde ate my cock while squirting on the brunette’s mouth, mixing pussy juices with saliva and precum, fucking nasty! I put the blonde down on all fours and rammed my hot cock all the way into her squirting pussy! I fucked her doggy style from behind and her crazy friend got on top of her and the girls both came at the same time, squirting all over my dick and my naked body! This bitch got a built water gun in that pussy? Man, I was soaked in squirt juice! I fucked the brunette next, first in doggy and then in reverse cowgirl, squirt juices splashing all around us and drenching the bed sheets as the naked girls kept cumming. Sweet juices of bliss! That’s a fire hose I know who to call when I have a fire bahaha! Every climax came faster and more intense, with lots more volume on their gushing squirts! I never thought women could cum that much. The girls lick the squirt from their bodies and from my cock as we continued fucking in every possible position and combination we could come up with! While I fucked them, they had nasty lesbian sex together, swapping spit, my precum and her pussy juices. I lost count of how many times they squirted, they just seem to get more and more turned on with every successive squirt, begging me to keep fucking them deeper, harder and faster so they could continue gushing like garden hoses all over my squirt drenched sausage!   This vids made me subscribe to MOFOS! Wonderfull! Really a piece of art from beginning until the end! This one needs an award….BEST SCENE EVER !!!! Their pussies just couldn’t stop squirting. Surely this video is the holy grail of all squirting orgasm movies. These sluts squirt not once, not twice, not three time… More squirting girls! Love it! And moore cheating and sneaking! MOFOS is the world’s best amateur porn site, definitely make more of these threesome, POV, sneaky and caught sex videos. There is nothing in the world that can stop these hot girls when they start craving for something and, usually, these hotties want nothing but a huge cock, good sex, multiple orgasms and hot cum all over the face. These babes at MOFOS are hard cock and wet pussy loving sluts and they really love to get fucked on camera and let you watch as they engage in the dirtiest, hottest, raunchiest, filthiest hardcore amateur action on the web!