My besties and I are in a lingerie league basketball team and the season is just about to get started in a couple of weeks so our team needs to get stretched out and back into shape! I’m the coach so it’s my job to lead the girls on some techniques and drills. My besties can play and they are fucking hot too. They are the full package and after working up a sweat during practice they look so hot and sexy that I just can’t help getting touchy feely with them. I know the girls are kind of into it too so they invited me back to their apartment for a little after hours training. I had no idea what I was in for but I can assure you that I didn’t regret a single minute of it! As soon as we reach their apartment, my besties started taking of my clothes, complimenting me on my body as they touched, fondled and caressed me. Their four hands were rubbing my breasts, my buttocks, my wet pussy slit. My heart was pounding so hard I thought it would pop out of my chest. I couldn’t help it, I was so fucking turned on and it showed. My nipples were fully erect and my pussy was tingling and dripping wet as they kissed me and played with my tushy. I blew on my whistle as the naked girls spread my legs and started eating me out. I could feel their slick tongues wriggling inside my wet cunt and their lips parting my own wide open, thrusting their tongues into my mouth and playing tonsil hockey with me. The girls licked and finger fucked my pussy and made me cum several times! I’ve had guys do that plenty of times, but my god, this was out of this world. I was more than happy to reciprocate with each and every one of them! We went down on each other, kissing, licking, and fingering each other’s vaginas! I don’t know what I enjoyed more, giving or receiving? We even tried an oral train, we were in a line, forming a ‘train’ by our bodies, being linked by each other. I pulled the ass cheeks apart and just liked the anus and gently pushed my tongue into her vagina and ate her juice. That was one of the hottest things I have ever experienced. I love having my besties as teammates, but I must confess I love them even more as lesbian lovers! 