This guy is really trying hard at algebra class but he’s having trouble focusing on all those numbers and formulas when his teacher is so fucking hot! She’s mature blond with a sensational body and big tits and with those tight blouses she brings to class, he just can’t take his eyes off her sensual cleavage. She dismisses the class but asked him to stay, so he tells his sexy blond classmate and girlfriend to wait for him outside. As it turns out, his teacher has realized that her big tits are distracting him in class so she decides to give him a better look at them! While doing so, she’s unaware that his girlfriend is spying on them from behind the classroom door! When she confronts him and the cougar teacher, she tells her that they are just having fun, and invites the young teen to join them, pushing her towards her and giving her a wet, deep kiss that makes her melt in the cougar’s arms! She pulls her top down, exposing the teen’s milky tits and takes them to her lips, sucking and kissing her breasts and nipples while pushing them together! The dude joins her, each of them taking care of one of her tits. She can feel her panties becomes wet, her tight pussy begins to pulsate when their hands caress her body. The girls get down on their knees and begin to suck his hard cock together, blowing his dick and licking on his big balls. It gets so big that the girls both begin jerking it with their hands, moving their lips together and sliding the huge cock between their mouths, so hot! Looks like the teacher is about to give these students a real education! She tells the teen girl to pull down her panties and sit on this huge cock. She grabs his cock with both hands and guides it into the student’s tiny pussy. Her pussy is so small but she squats so far down that her pussy lips touch his balls. Teacher’s hands move around the curve of her hips, she spreads her ass cheeks and licks her asshole and his balls too, moving her tongue up and down the entire length of her beautiful ass crack, from his balls to her anus. The naked coed begins to ride this huge cock up and down, twerking her ass in front of her horny teacher’s face. Her young pussy starts to cream, his cock is so big that she can feel herself stretching with each thrust into her vagina, he stimulates her clit with each thrust and makes her cum all over his big cock! He loves his girlfriend, but he can’t stop staring at their naked teacher, at her juicy bubble ass and her big round boobs. The naked woman lies on her back over her desk, spreading her legs so he can lick and fuck her tight cunt with his beefy sausage while his young naked girlfriend sits on her face and gets her pussy licked and sucked by the cougar teacher! “That’s a good boy, now fuck the shit out of mummy!!!” His girlfriend plays with the teacher’s big tits, licking and fingering her pussy while sucking hard on her boyfriend’s huge cock. He keeps fucking his teacher for a while, then his girl gets on her back, with her teacher on top of her and he taking turns fucking naked girls in tandem!   The teacher shoves his girlfriend’s face between her big tits, making her suckle on her big, puffy nipples while he is dicking them both. He lies flat on his back and the cougar straddles herself on top, impaling her dripping wet gash on his meat sword, making her big tits bounce up and down while riding him while his girlfriend massages his cock and balls. He watches the dirty girls having hot lesbian sex between them, going back to his hard cock so they can suck and stroke it together, exchanging deep kisses and swapping tongue, begging him to continue fucking them very hard with his big nasty cock. All this time he was trying to understand algebra, and all he needed to do was let his MILF teacher fuck him and his girlfriend in a steamy threesome to pass the class, though he actually wouldn’t mind having to repeat the course just to get the chance to cum all over his mature teacher’s big tits one more time!