It’s the last call and the only people left on this bar are a sexy blond and brunette that came for a couple of drinks after a party and this dude that seems to have struck out for the night. The blond is wearing a sexy white dress and the brunette a skin tight red outfit that hugs her sexy silhouette. When he loses track of the brunette he leans over and realizes that she’s under the counter and eating out the blond’s dripping wet snatch! The barman cant see what’s going on, but he sure can! These naughty girls are putting on a hot lesbian sex show for him! He joins them, getting behind the hot blond and pulling his big throbbing cock from under his pants, ramming it between her meaty pussy lips, deep inside her dripping wet cunt. Now it’s a full-blown threesome. While he’s fucking her from behind, the naughty brunette spreads her legs and masturbates herself while watching him fucking her lover. The barman leaves for a smoke break, and while the two sexy lesbian girls make out, he licks the blond’s meaty pussy and tight asshole. He keeps fucking her while the brunette masturbates and the girls get down on their knees, sucking and licking his cock and balls together. The naked MILF sits on the counter and spreads her legs, so the brunette can eat her out while he fucks her pussy from behind. She grabs her head and pressed her face into her open cunt, moving her head back and forth, fucking herself with her tongue. In the same time, the stranger is fucking the shit out of her from behind. Then the naked blond sits on his cock and rides it while eating out the brunette bending over the bar counter. I kept waiting for the bartender to return while they were both eating the teen girl out and stick his dick up the MILF’s ass! The teen girl also rides his cock while the blonde rubs her muff all over his face, letting him tongue fuck her juicy cunt. That pussy is so edible! He takes turns fucking and eating out their wet twats before blowing his creamy load all over their faces before the bartender returns! How unreal is that,… doing two women in a bar??? Get real!!! 