Being a licensed massage therapist, I have been working in this massage parlor for several months and my boss always compliments me on the professional way I treat all my clients, that is, until the day she caught me fucking a client during a massage, or more precisely, cumming in her mouth, LOL! She was a smoking hot blond with a sensational body and I spied on her while the naked girl was taking a shower, then she let me massage her ass, that was gorgeous! As I rubbed her down with baby oil, she kept grinding her delicious bubble butt against my crotch, making me pitch a massive tent under my pants! When she started rubbing my throbbing erection over them, I did my best to keep it professional, but I’m supposed to satisfy my clients, and this naked girl wanted to be satisfied with my hard cock! What was I supposed to do? She grabbed my cock and stuffed her mouth with it, sucking and licking it, telling me to get naked and lie flat on my back on the couch. The hot naked babe sat on me, guiding my cock between her spread legs, to her wet cunt! I grabbed her firm titties and squeeze them with my hands, feeling the baby oil dripping through my fingers as I stimulated her erect nipples. Still riding on my dick she flipped over so I could see her beautiful naked ass. She spread her ass cheeks with her hands, showing me the crack of her ass and her puckered little asshole, making my cock even harder inside her. I watched her juicy bubble butt move from left to right, up and down as she rode me in reverse cowgirl, it was amazing! I put her down on her hands and knees and penetrated her from behind, fucking that tight pink pussy doggie style while grabbing her by her shoulders, pushing her sexy naked body back against my own. Indeed, my sexy blond client was getting that deep tissue massage she had requested! She got back on her knees, sucking and stroking my hard cock, tasting her pussy on the tip of my member and sitting by the edge of the massage table, spreading her legs so I could keep fucking her. By now she was screaming at the top of her lungs, so I shouldn’t have been surprised when my boss opened the door to see what was going on and found me blowing my creamy load all over the hot blond’s mouth, face and tits. My boss just stood there watching her swallowing each huge shot of hot cum that I shot in her mouth! Bless girls who swallow! I was lucky the client was so happy with her massage that I didn’t get fired! LOL! 