I met these three beautiful best friends at a party and I hooked up with one of them and I thought she was ready to come back home and fuck with me when she told me the only way that would happen would be if her friends came along with her. Of course I had no trouble with that! I took the girls all back to my place, delighted by these really tight friendships that allow lucky man like me to fuck three smoking hot chicks at the same time! The teens were checking out the fantastic view of the city skyline from my window while shaking and twerking their tight little bubble butts in their cotton panties and pressing their titties against the glass, so fucking hot! They jump into bed, eager to share my hard cock. The girls took it in their hands and took turns sucking and slurping it, passing it around like candy, LOL! They wanted to see who could deepthroat it the deepest and in a matter of minutes my throbbing erection was drenched in drool and dripping saliva all over my balls, my bed sheets and the three hot young girls. While one of them smoked my cock, another took care of my balls, kissing and sucking on them and the third girl game me soft butterfly kisses all over my body. Three sexy girls stripped each other naked and passed their hands all over their bodies, groping and fondling their tits and juicy bubble butts and rubbing and fingering their tight cunts while making out and choosing which one would be the lucky first to get impaled on my hard dick. They didn’t seem to be able to make up their minds, and one of them kept blowing my cock while the other girls masturbated. One girl got behind the one sucking me, eating out her pussy and ass, with the third girl getting behind her and doing the same. The girls made a lovely lesbian pussy and ass eating train, LOL! Then they lined up one next to the other, down on their hands and knees, wiggling their naked butts and rubbing their wet cunts so I could choose which one to fuck first, as if the order made any difference! Girls were so cute, cock sucking was amazing, and those pussies waiting their turn to fuck, mmmmm… I came closer and pushed my cock deep inside the first girl, watching my cock part her pussy lips until my balls were pressed against her. Her pussy was so tight, and gripped my cock as I moved in and out of her. I watched her amazing ass bumping and grinding against me and I knew her friends wanted my cock too. I started with the one on the far left and made my way right, pounding their pussies hard from behind and feeling them pushing their butts back against my cock as if urging me to keep pounding them deeper, faster and harder as I moved down the line. As I was busy fucking one of them, the other two spread their ass for me. Their pussies were so clean and looked so tasty. After fucking three naked girls doggy style, I laid on my back and let them straddle themselves on top and do the heavy work, taking turns riding on my hard cock in cowgirl and reverse! “Let me have that fat cock inside me next?” the Latina babe asked her friends. She climbed on top of my cock. She grinded her hips against me, she rode me hard and fast as I watched her tits bouncing up and down. I wrapped my hands around her slim waist and pounded her into an orgasm with the force of a jackhammer, her body shaking and contracting. I kissed her tits as I continued to fuck her cumming pussy. Her friend got on her knees in front of her, spread her ass cheeks with both hands and pushed her ass in her face! All of the girls licked, sucked, and fingered each other.   She came so hard, dripping down on me. She got off me, and joined the girls. Three super hot pussies, their lips swallowed my cock again and again. They rode me cowgirl style. Another blowjob, doggystyle, blowjob, sex, sex, doggystyle, missionary… The girls kept licking their twats and my cock and balls while doing so. “I’m going to cum!” the girls jumped off and gathered around me. These young sluts pointed it toward their faces, stuck out their tongues, and began to play with the tip of my trobbing cock. I began shooting laces of cum at the girls as they took turns sucking cum from the tip. By the time I was done, all of them had cum on their faces and lips. They started kissing and licking the cum off each other. Hey, three chicks fuck better than one!