I was pretty intrigued when I came back home and found my sexy blond girlfriend with her two besties. It wasn’t so much the fact that she was with them, but that they were all holding big rubber cocks in their hands! WTF with that? As it turns out, her friends suck at sucking cock, and she was schooling them on the art of giving blowjobs, so I decided to teach them how to ride a dick and swallow a load! After all, the male perspective always comes in handy, doesn’t it? LOL! I pulled out my cock so the girls could get a good look at it while they gave me a fabulous look at their tits in exchange! My girl got down on her knees and started licking my cock while the girls watched, I must admit, this was pretty damn fucking hot! I’m glad my girlfriend is open minded and doesn’t mind sharing my cock with her best friends! While she blew my cock, her naughty best friends were making out and caressing each other’s titties. Watching them swapping tongue, and licking and sucking their big rubber cocks while emulating what my girlfriend was doing to my dick really got me hard. My girlfriend made me lie flat on my back so she could straddle herself on top and teach her friends how to ride a cock. She quickly pulled her panties down, sat over me and lowered herself down on my erection. She rubbed her muff while pushing her pelvis up and down against my crotch, grinding on me, burying my sausage as deep inside her wet muff as possible while watching her fabulous big tits dancing up and down! My gf has the sexiest boobs I have ever seen! Her body looked amazing as she fucked me senseless as her girlfriends masturbated nearby, jealous of her. I put my girlfriend on her hands and knees and fucked her doggie style from behind. This wasn’t intended in the lesson, but you know, you improvise along the way, LOL! The girls kept having hot lesbian sex and masturbating, fucking themselves with their big rubber dicks while I pounded my hot girlfriend’s cunt from behind. She rode me in reverse cowgirl and I pinned her underneath her knees and drilled her pussy before fucking her in missionary position, making sure her best friends were watching. Finally the two girls decided to help my girlfriend and we ended up in a hot foursome! My girlfriend let her two besties ride my cock and she was so kind that even allowed the girls to swallow my load! My girlfriend was watching as I blew my creamy load into their cum hungry mouths like an excellent cock riding and cum swallowing teacher and the girls swallow every single drop! 