I came back early from work and found my beautiful girlfriend taking some sexy selfies on her smart phone. She’s a beautiful brunette with a smoking hot body, sexy legs, bubble butt and she had her striped long sleeved top pulled over her big all natural tits and was wearing a sexy pair of cotton panties while taking those sensual pictures of herself. Instead of interrupting her, I stood by the doorway, stroking my hard cock while watching her. She was pretty surprised when she turned over and saw me there, masturbating to her erotic selfie session. Her pierced nipples were fully erect as she told me to come close to her, getting down on her knees, ready to give my cock some much-needed love and affection. She teased it with her pink tongue, flicking it against the tip and sliding down the shaft, licking it like an ice-cream cone. Holding it firmly at the base with her manicured hand, sucked and deep throated my throbbing erection, gazing into my eyes while blowing me. My sexy girlfriend made me sit on the couch while removing her panties and she sat on my lap, rubbing her juicy bubble butt against my cock, making it slide up and down the crack of her ass. She pushed her cunt against my dick and I felt it sinking inside her inch by inch until it was all in and she made her juicy booty bounce up and down my lap, riding me in reverse cowgirl, moaning and grunting softly. She was planning on sending me the selfies to get me turned on on my way back home, but she was happy that actually watching her from the door got me even harder! After banging her from behind, she flipped over and rode me in cowgirl position. I put her down on her hands and knees, penetrating and fucking that tight clam from behind, doggie style. In this position, her beautiful bubble shaped ass looks flawless and I can reach over and grab her big round tits, stimulating her pierced nipples with my fingers while pumping her with my cock meat. She lied on her back, spreading her legs so I could fuck her in missionary position. It’s her favorite, because when I am about to cum, I can blow my load all over her big tits! Of course it’s my favorite too! 