It was game night and my sexy blonde girlfriend was getting ready to lead the cheerleading squad, and she looked good! If you don’t think school girls in their cheerleader uniforms is sexy then my girlfriend will be sure to change your mind. I love watching her in her sexy, tight cheerleader outfit, it gets me turned on all the time and she knows it! That’s why she gets ready well in advanced, knowing she won’t be able to leave the house without me fucking her first! I asked her to take off her top so I could play with her titties and stimulate her perky nipples. She hiked up her miniskirt and showed me her juicy bubble butt with her sexy tan lines. She wasn’t wearing any panties, and she sat on the couch and spread her legs, giving me a glimpse of her pink pussy. Nothing tastier or more inviting than her nice shaved pussy. A shaved pussy just screams “taste me, eat me, come on in!” My girlfriend’s pussy is big, plump and juicy, her meaty pussy lips are bigger than any other girls I’ve ever seen. My naked babe was lying on her back with her legs wide open, inviting me to come up and enter her with my growing erection. She has a face of an angel and body of a sex symbol. I rammed my throbbing cock inside her tight cunt and began fucking her in missionary position on the couch. She held on tight as I pounded her hard, her sexy titties bouncing with every thrust. After a while we switched positions, and I lied flat on my back on the couch as my sexy cheerleader girlfriend straddled herself on top, guiding my hard dick into her dripping wet pussy so she could ride me. There is nothing hotter than watching my girlfriend ride me with her long slender legs spread wide open in front of me. Her gorgeous perky small tits shaking in front of my face and her pussy squeezing my dick was pure heaven. After riding on my cock for a while, she took it in her hands so she could keep sucking it, tasting her pussy on the tip of my dick and lubing it up with her saliva. She lied on her back again and I spread eagled her, pumping her snatch with my thick rod, hearing her moan and grunt with pleasure, begging me to keep banging her deeper, harder and faster. She grabbed her legs below her knees to keep them spread wide open for my cock, and the beautiful expression of pure bliss and lust on her face was simply priceless. The game was the last thing on her mind right now. I rubbed my hands all over her body. Hey body writhed and convulsed, I pulled my dick out and teased her clit with the head of my dick, she grabbed the edges of the couch, hanging on tight then she wrapped her legs around my waist, arching her hips, she deftly slid towards me, sliding my cock back into her pussy.   Her hips moved with the rhythm. Finally, with a moan, her body exploded into orgasm, and her juices flowed from her pussy. I put her down on her hands and knees and I started fucking her from behind doggie style, watching her grabbing on tight to the couch as her juicy butt smacks against my crotch making loud smacking sounds that accompanied her screams of pleasure. Fucking my sexy girlfriend doggie style from behind is always the last step before blowing my load, as all good things must come to an end, LOL! I was getting ready to cum at this point, and just when I was about to pull out, she motioned for me to keep fucking her, blowing my load inside her. I could feel my hot cum gushing inside her tight cunt and dripping from the sides of her pussy and all over my balls, it was the hottest sensation ever since my girlfriend never ever let me come inside her like this! That’s not all, my girlfriend was so turned on from getting an internal cumshot that she dressed up and left for the game with my cum dripping from her pussy!