This naughty blond stepsister loves teasing her stepbrother, playing video games with him wearing just her top and cotton panties, so she shouldn’t be so surprised when he feels him taking off her panties while she’s playing! She thinks it’s just a strategy to get her off her game and beat her, and it’s kinda hot too, so she shrugs it off. Then he smacks her ass cheeks and she feels it… his slick tongue introducing itself inside her tight pussy and then her asshole! The sensation is so arousing, the teen girl can barely hold on to the game controller and instinctively juts up her juicy bubble butt, pushing it against her stepbrother’s face so he can big his tongue even deeper inside her cunt and ass! She knows what they are doing is wrong, but it feels so fucking good! She thinks that’s as far as they’ll go, then she feels his throbbing member sliding in her from behind! Damn! That she wasn’t expecting! She drops to controller and gives in, feeling how her very own stepbrother is fucking her little pussy from behind! She feels her insides stretching out to accept the huge cock. She pushes her butt against his cock, letting him know she wants more! He fucks her doggie style like a dirty little bitch. Winding her hair around his fist he pulls her head back, pounding her tiny pussy with his huge 11 inch cock hard and fast. The girl can feel her pussy juices flowing out and down the cheeks of her ass each time he pulls out and thrusts back in. He is fucking her so hard and so fast, the only sound in the room is the wet slapping sounds of their fucking. The smack of his monster cock as it’s plowing into her sizzling cunt. On each stroke he pulls his cock almost all the way out until just the tip is pressed against her swollen pussy lips and then he pushes every inch of his massive, thick, hard, and throbbing cock deep into her clenching, eager cunt. He lies flat on his back so she can straddle herself on top and ride him. She rubs her muff while bouncing up and down her stepbrother’s hard cock and he slaps it against her pussy lips. Her legs begin shaking, the girl has a nice quivering orgasm! She cums on top of his dick many times and lets him fuck her in several different positions, opening her mouth real wide as he shoots his creamy load inside it and the excess splatters all over her face and her sexy naked body! 