This beautiful female executive is working late again and the only ones left in the office are her and the janitor, who is cleaning up the offices while she finishes a very important presentation for tomorrow’s big meeting. While he cleans up her office, she entertains herself watching him. He’s young, hot and handsome. It’s been a really long time since she fucked, she’s tired and stressed, and she could really use a good fuck right now! Without thinking twice, she spreads her legs and shoves his face between them, feeling his warm breathe against her hair cunt, sending tingles up and down her spine! She holds on tight to her executive chair as she feels the janitor’s slick tongue wriggling between her legs, stretching her pink pussy lips and licking her slit! She’s dripping wet and ready to go! She unbuttons her blouse and pulls her beautiful tits over at, cupping them with her hands and fondling them, feeling her nipples getting hard as she gets down on her knees and gives the janitor a blowjob, deep throating his throbbing erection and feeling it getting bigger and harder in her wet mouth. She caresses his thighs and buttocks while blowing him, his huge cock feels so good in her mouth, his precum is delicious! She strips naked and sits by the edge of her desk, spreading her legs as the janitor rams his huge cock deep inside her dripping wet cunt and starts pounding her hard. Good for her, he fucks as good as he cleans! He gropes and squeezes her tits while banging her and she fingers and rubs her hairy muff. FINALLY A WOMAN WITH A NICE BUSH! It just adds to the scrumptiousness of her beautiful pussy. Its a nice change from all the shaved pussy. She has been so busy lately, she hasn’t even had time to trim or shave her bush. Most women keep a bush, so this feels way more realistic. I am so glad hairy pussies are making a comeback! The more hair on a pussy the better. Please girls let that hair on your pussy grow out. President Donald Trump says hairy pussies are the best!!!! Thanks all you hairy pussies out there! Well, he’s fucking her so hard and fast that she begins to cum immediately, squirting pussy juice out of her pussy. Nothing like a “hungry” lady for some wild action. He pulls out slowly, deliberately, watching her take several shuddering breaths and drives his hot throbbing cock back into her wet cunt again. His hands reach around her and squeeze her neck. He is thrusting into her deeply, feeling her legs tightening around him. She can feel herself getting ready to have another orgasm. “Oh, please… keep fucking me, harder, harder”! She can’t stop kissing and grinding against him. He puts her against the file cabinets, raising one of her legs up high and banging her from behind. She has her legs spread so wide it is like she is doing a split! She is quite flexible, she is built like a gymnast with long legs and her ass looks good particularly in this position. Filing documents is so boring, but having that janitor filing his hard cock in her hairy pussy is so fun! He finger fucks her pussy while fucking her and puts her over the desk, lying on her back and with her head dangling down as he fucks her mouth and throat with his huge dick while squeezing her tits and finger fucking her. He lies over her desk and she straddles herself on top, feeling his thick rod deep inside her cunt as she rides him in reverse cowgirl while rubbing her clit.   She opens her mouth and begins to cream, having another orgasm when she feels his balls slapping against her pussy.  She squeezes her breasts as he continues to thrust into her, she begins to push herself back against him to meet his thrust, harder and harder. “Yessssss… harder, fuck me harder” Her body is shaking and her pussy muscles just keep contracting. He makes her stand and lean against the desk, holding on tight while he fucks her very hard against it from behind. He holds her face back, then flips her over and keeps fucking her in missionary. The janitor is not a gentle lover, he is giving her a rough and brutal pounding, just the kind of fucking this dirty slut needed to unwind before her presentation. At least he’ll cleanup after blowing his creamy spunk all over her face and her tits!