I met this sexy skinny slut in the pool area of this vacation resort and as soon as she saw the wedding band in my finger she started teasing me. I tried hard to resist her charms as she took off her bikini top and passed her hands all over her delicious small titties. You might really like this girl if you are into extra slim girls with long slender legs and cute little butts!!! After all, my wife words rang in my head: “Don’t ever cheat on me, motherfucker!” However, my wife wasn’t here, and this sexy little slut was, totally naked and twerking her juicy bubble butt in the water. She played with her snatch, fingering and rubbing it and “Do what you want with my little pussy…” were her words, and yes, those words trumped my wife’s! We got in the shade and I poured lube all over her hot naked body as she kept twerking and wiggling that delicious bubble butt. I saw the lube dripping down her ass cheeks, the crack of her ass and in between her tender pink pussy lips and slit as we kissed and her tongue explored my mouth. She sat on my face, rubbing her lube drenched cunt against my lips as I tongue fucked her pink clam. She got down on her hands and knees, sucking and stroking my throbbing erection, rubbing it all over her dirty face. She spit and drooled all over it, thick ropes of saliva dripping down my shaft and balls as she gave me head and deep throated my cock like crazy all the way down to my balls. I lied on my back and the petite naked girl straddled herself on top, impaled her tight cunt on my dick and rode me, grinding her skinny little body against my cock. She slammed her pussy harder and faster on my dick, moaning and begging me to never stop. I could feel the sticky, slick lube against our bodies as she glided on top of me, grabbing the bottle of lube and pouring more over her titties. It dripped down her tits and belly, down her cunt and all over my cock and balls as he continued fucking like animals in heat. I put her down on her hands and knees and fucked her doggie style from behind. She pushed her glistening bubble butt against my cock and kept pouring lube all over her naked body as I fucked her and she rubs her pussy and I gushed hot and sticky semen all over her! 