Don’t miss this amazing foursome if you are into hot naked women with huge tits! Every morning these three beautiful cougar housewives enjoy their morning jog, they turn heads, with their big tits bouncing up and down as they jog. Nothing distracts them, except when they spot a big dick. They need a good protein shake after their jog and the women know that big juicy cock has all the warm spunk they need and crave to nourish themselves. They follow their target all the way to his home, and they don’t stop at the door! They actually sneak inside and look all over the place for him! That’s how bad these girls need cock! One of them finds him in the bathroom, he strips naked and jumps into the hot shower with him! He’s quite shocked to turn over and find a smoking hot cougar with big tits wet and naked, but as soon as she gets on her knees and starts sucking his morning wood, his shock turns to pure lust! That’s when the second cougar drops in! This one is a sexy blonde with tits as big as her friend’s! He can’t believe it! Naked woman gets in the shower with her friend, soaping up their huge tits and rubbing them together while sharing his big hard cock and balls, licking and sucking them under the hot water. Common sense returns to him, he is a married man and his wife could come back any moment and find him with two hot beautiful women in the shower! But as he runs away from them… he finds a third cougar totally naked and waiting for him in the bed! The three of them gang up on him, sucking and licking his cock and balls, one of them sitting on his face so he can eat her out. He’s outnumbered, and his morning wood trumps his force of will so he gives in to the three beautiful MILFs. He takes turns fucking these busty girls in every single position in the book, what the horny cougar is having hot lesbian sex between each other while they are getting banged. He fucks them in cowgirl and in reverse, he fucks them in missionary and from behind! He puts them on their hands and knees and fucks them doggy style and blows his creamy load all over those big round tits and hopes his wife never finds out! 