My stepsister is so fucking hot, I fantasize with fucking her on a daily basis. She’s a beautiful leggy blond with incredible looks and when I noticed her snatching dad’s new car’s keys, I finally had her right where I wanted! She begged me not to tell on her, pleading with me, telling me she would do whatever I asked her to. I told her I wanted to see her naked and she started stripping off right in front of me! I couldn’t believe this was actually happening! My sexy step sister took off her pink shorts and lace cotton panties and her ass was just incredible, as well as her delicious pink pussy burger! I looked for a minute at her pussy between her ass cheeks. I’d never seen so beautiful pussy before, it was big and juicy with meaty pussy lips. Her lips were swollen and red and i knew she was excited! I was getting a huge hard on, and I guess she was getting turned on too, because she pulled my pants and boxers down and started sucking on my hard cock. After sucking and stroking it with her tiny hands, I lied flat on my back and my naked step sister straddled herself atop, pushing my thick sausage deep inside her wet cunt and riding me on her bed. She pulled her top over her titties so I could watch them as she rode my dick and I rubbed her clit. Her pubic mound shaved into a landing strip, slippery and wet slit, her huge labia wrapped around my shaft and her throbbing clit everything looked amazing! I pumped her as much as I could. She flipped over and kept riding me, exposing her anus to me, making her bubble ass bounce on my lap with a dirty smile on her face. I pulled her to the edge of the bed, put her down on her hands and knees and fucked her doggie style from behind, admiring that beautiful bubble butt. She confessed she also fantasized with me, masturbating while imagining I was fucking her just like I was right now. Hearing that made me blow my load! “I am going to come!” I started to pull out but my step sister pressed back against me. “Don’t pull out, fill me with that cum!” She moaned as I began to spray hot cum inside her vagina. Her body began to shake as she came. I slowly pulled out and watched my cum dripping out between the meatiest thick pussy lips! 