It’s movie night and this spunky teen is smooching with her boyfriend on the couch under the blanket while watching a flick. They are getting a bit too grabby, so her stepmom steps in and sits between them so they can all watch the movie together. The boyfriend is utterly surprised when he feels his girlfriend’s stepmom’s hand reaching under the blankets, grabbing his hard cock and jerking it while they watch the movie. Of course, his girlfriend quickly realizes what’s going on under the sheets. The girl is a bit upset at first, but her stepmom convinces her to join her so they can spend the night having a hot threesome instead of watching that boring movie! What a delightful idea! The MILF takes his hard cock with one hand, grabs her step daughter’s hair with the other and pushes her head toward her boyfriend. She just opens her mouth and his huge cock slides in her throat! She likes it, she begins to stroke it furiously, rubs his balls and swallow his cock. While his girlfriend sucks and strokes his hard cock, he rubs her stepmom’s dripping wet snatch and sucks on the delicious nipples crowning her big tits. The mom is really fucking sexy hands down! He lies flat on his back and his girl sits on his face, he eats her out while she continues blowing his hard cock in 69 and her stepmom strips naked too, joining her in giving him a double blowjob and handjob. He tongue fucks his girlfriend’s pussy with her stepmom jerking his rod, then he puts the naked woman on all fours and fucks her dripping wet cunt from behind while she gives him a footjob jerking the cock with her feet and playing with his balls too. She spreads her cheeks wide and pushes her ass up into the air. “Give it to me, shove that big thick dick deep in my cunt!”, “yeah!” she shouts as he takes his cock and rams it in her deep. Like a battering ram he slams his cock into her sopping cunt. He bangs her from behind while she eats out her stepdaughter’s snatch! The feeling of a hard hot young cock moving in and out of her cunt drives her crazy. She’s tongue fucking her step daughter’s pussy, sucking on her clit, lapping up her juices like mad! The experienced cougar finger fucks her and makes the young girl cum several times! It is the hottest thing these guys have ever seen. The boyfriend sits on the couch and his hot naked girlfriend straddles herself on top, riding his throbbing erection in reverse cowgirl while he masturbates her stepmom. Fuck me, she moans in desire, riding him, grinding her pussy against his cock and massaging his balls with one hand. She arches her back, her eyes roll back into the head and her mouth opens as she begins to climax. Then he tells the girls to line up on the couch with there asses pointing toward him. He puts both naked girls leaning over the back of the couch, kissing passionately as he takes turns fucking them hard from behind. The view of their beautiful bubble shaped butts and dripping wet cunts waiting their turn to fuck totally turns him on, watching how the stepmom gropes and fondles her stepdaughter’s tits and shoves her tongue down her throat, nasty! He puts naked girls one on top of the other so he can fuck them missionary style in tandem.   While he fucks his hot girlfriend, her stepmom is rubbing her cunt so she can get even more pleasure out of her boyfriend’s big juicy cock and she passes her hands all over her body, tits, belly and thighs. He lies back on his flat and the naughty stepmom squats over his cock so she can ride it in reverse cowgirl, her big tits bounce up and down and his girlfriend watches from the sideline, maybe a little bit jealous because her boyfriend just seems to be having too much of a good time banging her stepmom, and she even seems to have more stamina than her. That cougar bitch can go! It doesn’t matter, by the time he blows his load, he had enough hot cum to spray both of them! Don’t miss more hot MILFs, beautiful naked women, teaching teens how hardcore fuckin is done!