I was driving around town as I usually do on the weekends when I stumbled upon this sexy blonde babe with sexy legs walking around looking just a little bit disoriented. When she told me she was trying to get to the beach I just couldn’t help dropping the fact that there was a new nude beach. I noticed her interest right away, yes! I told her I could take her there and she agreed to get my car. When I mentioned that I had a boat, she was pretty excited to get on board and enjoy a nude boat trip! Pretty soon we were sailing down the river, and I had this sexy blond stripping naked on the deck of my ship and I was pretty sure that soon I would have her writing on the tip of my dick! I found a nice and quiet spot to stop the boat and she knew we were getting down to business! The nude girl got down on her knees and started sucking and stroking my throbbing member with a dirty smile on her slutty face. This teen slut was looking for sex adventures and sex adventures were just what I had to offer! Moreover, sex with a stranger is every girl’s dream! After giving me head she lied on her back and I spread her legs, ramming my hard cock deep inside her dripping wet cunt and fucking her in missionary position. It’s not every day that you get to fuck on the deck of a boat outdoors and we were both enjoying ourselves. She played with my cock, stroking it gently and feeling it getting bigger and harder in her soft hands as she guided it back inside her pussy so I could keep pumping her. Dirty little bitch rubbed her clit while I was fucking her and she told me to lie on my back so I could relax and she could do all the heavy lifting, straddling herself on my cock and riding it with unbridled enthusiasm. I put her down on her hands and knees so I could fuck this teen slut doggy style from behind and flipped her over, hearing her scream “Fuck, fuck!!!” at the top of her lungs while I filled that tight pussy with plenty of cock bait and sprayed lots of sticky cum all over her face and body! There was so much cum that she couldnt swallow it all! Cum was dripping down her face, her lips clinging to her tits and her pussy. Naked girl looked amazing like that! 