Jordi’s music teacher is getting pretty frustrated by his progress, or lack of thereof, in class, since he has been taking private music lessons from her for months and he still can’t play a single note. She believes it has to do with his raging teen hormones, and decides that maybe he just needs the right motivation to concentrate on his playing. She takes the flute from his hands while sitting on the desk and spreads her legs. The boy notices that his beautiful mature blond teacher isn’t wearing any panties and he can see her pink, meaty snatch as she spreads her pussy lips apart, thrusting his flute deep inside her wet cunt and using it to masturbate herself while he watches. Even with her pussy juices soaking the flute’s mouth piece, Jordi still sucks, but maybe he has other hidden talents! She wraps her leg behind his neck and pushes his face into her cunt so he can eat her out. As soon as she feels his tongue wriggling inside her pussy she notices his potential! Not only is Jordi a natural pussy licker, his cock is fucking huge! She cradles him in her arms as she sucks his massive erection, deepthroating his cock down to his balls and making him fuck her throat. She slobbers drool all over his member and his big balls and lifts him over her shoulders so she can keep sucking that prodigal cock. She’s a tall, strong Amazon woman and his is her fuck puppet! She pushes her big tits over her bra and straddles herself on top of Jordi, impaling her cunt on his meat sword and riding him. He gropes her big melons and fondles her delicious big butt while she makes her MILF body bounce up and down his lap. The naked woman makes him lie flat on her rug and she squats over him, ramming his massive erection deep inside her gaping asshole. His huge cock feels so good in her ass and he holds her beautiful nylon clad feet together while pumping her asshole with his dick meat. Stripped down to just her nylon stockings, the ripe music teacher gets down on her hands and knees and the boy fucks her anally from behind, doggy style, making her his anal bitch for the evening. The sound of his huge cock pumping her asshole are music to her ears, his anal fucking skills are superb compared to his flute playing suckiness, LOL! The strong girl lifting the weak little man and keeps suckign his dick. The tiny boy strikes the Superman pose while fucking his music teacher’s ass and puts his foot over her face, anally dominating her and plowing that tight asshole, turning it into a gaping fuck hole for his gargantuan prick. She stands and puts him in a piledriver so he licks her cunt while she sucks his cock and tastes her ass on it, mixed with his sweet cum drenching her big tits and dirty face! These brazzers videos are fuckin amazing! 