My girlfriend had plans to go and hang out poolside but I of course had other things in mind though we could do indoors, you know what I’m talking about! I convinced her to stay in, since it was pretty cloudy and it might possibly rain. She just wanted to know what we could do, but I already had that covered. I made her lay down on the bed and spread her legs, pulling her bikini bottom aside and exposing her delicious pink pussy. She has these awesome piercings on her clit hood which makes her cunt supersensitive, it just takes a few touches to get her dripping wet and at the verge of cumming. She giggled and grinding her pelvis as I massaged her cunt and she stripped down to her panties, getting down on her knees so she could give me a blowjob. I love the way my girl sucks my dick, she’s so fucking good at it. She sucks it real slow too, massaging my balls with her soft fingers and stroking me gently, making sure I get very big and hard. Once I’m ready to go, I lay flat on the bed and my sexy girlfriend straddles herself on top, spreading her pink lips with her fingers and pushing my hard cock deep inside her dripping wet cunt. She begins moving up and down, slowly grinding back and forth, her hands fondling her tits, just like she likes. She fondles and massages her titties, stimulating her pierced nipples with her fingertips, moaning and grunting as she rides me. Her slow motions create long sensations of hot friction against her tightly-gripping vagina. Her hips are moving in a circular motion now, her pussy grinding hard against my dick. I begin thrusting deep into her when she ride me cowgirl style. This sensation is driving my girlfriend crazy. I begin pumping her faster, harder, until she’s ready to climax. She flips over and rides me in reverse, grinding her juicy ass against my crotch. After a while she gets on her back again, spreading her legs and begging me to fuck her in missionary position and cum in her. My warm cum filling her up is enough to send her into orgasm! “Ahhhhh! Uhhh, uhh!” she moans as I shoot the huge load of cum filling her tight pussy. Much more fun than hanging out at the pool! 