My next door neighbor is a pretty open-minded chick, she doesn’t hide the fact that she loves to masturbate, adores cock and enjoys collecting sex toys. Every time she comes back from school and get a new sex toy from the sex shop, she called me over to show me. Her latest purchase was a rubber cock, which she thought was a pretty big dildo, until I showed her the real thing! Her jaw dropped when she saw how huge my cock was, her “big” dildo paled in comparison! I slapped it against her cheeks and she took it in her tiny hands, feeling its girth and admiring it. She felt bad because now she knew her new dildo was definitely small, but I told her she could play with mine all she wanted and that put a big naughty smile on her face! She said she was blow-job virgin but she wanted it in her mouth. I held her head still with my hands and told her to open up wide, ramming my thick rod in her mouth to see how deep it would go. I barely managed to fit just the tip, but the naughty slut gobbled it up like a horny cock craving whore. She wanted me to fuck her, so I did. I laid her flat on her back and spread her legs wide open, her pussy was so little, pink and wet. I slowly spread her pussy lips apart and gently entered my big cock into her soaking wet hole in missionary position. Her pussy was so fucking tight, it just took half my cock, as she moaned and grunted and her body shook with pleasure. “Fuck, you are tight!” I was trying but I couldn’t get it to fit in her tiny pussy. She placed her hands behind my ass, spread her legs as wide as she could, and pulled me deep inside her. I could feel her vagina stretched tight around my shaft as it slid in and out, deeper in her belly with each thrust. Little by little, I managed to fuck her deeper, until I was totally inside her tight gash and I could feel her pussy muscles wrapping against my shaft, squeezing it hard. She shuddered when she felt my huge cock reach the full length. My large cock filled her completely and my balls were brushing against my anus. She began moving her hips, rhythmically pushing her clit up against my groin. I plowed her steady by the edge of the bed and she pushed her juicy bubble butt up, grabbing it with both hands, as in this angle I was able to penetrate her even deeper. I lifted her and cradled her in my arms, her arms around my neck as I pumped that tight pink pussy with my throbbing cock. My balls were slapping against her as my cock drilled into her harder and harder. Her small titties were swaying with each massive thrust. The feeling of a massive cock stretching her pussy open and closed with each thrust was a very new sensation for this teen girl. I put the small girl back on the ground, lifting one of her legs as she held on to the bed and I fucked her sideways, both of us in standing position. This dirty little bitch was already getting used to my big cock inside her, and I lied on my back and impaled her on it, making her ride my dick in reverse cowgirl, pushing her tiny body up and down my long shaft.   In this position I seemed was penetrating her even deeper than before. She was screaming with sheer orgasmic delight. I put her in the full sex Nelson and plowed her harder and deeper! I pistoned in and out of this petite girl, pushing my massive cock completely into her body with each thrust into her quivering vagina. I railed her against every single piece of furniture in her bedroom and she just kept begging me to plow her harder, faster and deeper. When I pulled out of her snatch, I blew a creamy load of hot spunk all over her! She was moaning softly and gurgling with pleasure as she sucked out my cum and swallowed it down her throat. She continued licking gently as I come down. After trying my cock, she told me she was going to put all her sex toys away in the closet and just call me over when she needed a good fuck!