All my sexy girlfriend wanted was a nice and peaceful workout, but what can I say, I was too fucking horny to let that happen! LOL! She doesn’t realize how sexy she looks in her pink yoga pants and tight top, I could just fuck her through those pants! She just kept stretching and bending over, and I couldn’t resist reaching out and grabbing a piece of that juicy bubble butt. She told me to get off, but she knows that once they get my hands on her, there’s no way I am letting go! When she noticed the massive bulge throbbing through my pants, she changed her mind, massaging it over the fabric and feeling how big and hard it was. She pulled them down and grabbed my meaty member in her hands, stroking it gently while she guided it to her open mouth, giving me a sensational blowjob. She took my cock with both hands, attached her lips to it and began sucking like a vacuum cleaner on my rock hard cock, twisting her head back and forth, fucking my cock with her mouth, with her tongue dancing around the tip of my cock, lapping all over my cock, taking my balls completely into her mouth… Oh, yeah, that felt so good! After giving me head, she bent over the couch and I ripped those yoga pants at the crotch, exposing her thong sinking into the crack of her beautiful bubble butt. I pulled the thing aside, grabbed the hem of her pants and rammed my hard cock deep inside her ebony pussy, giving her twat an intense pounding from behind. A loud wet slapping sound filled that room. She stripped naked and played with her big tits while I fucked her in missionary. Her pussy looked amazing, my girlfriend loves to shave herself making a fluffy landing strip of black hair on her pubic. Her legs were split, I love the fact that she is flexible and can do all these gymnastic poses, many of which are very intresting sex positions! She moaned loudly, practically crying out, when I slammed my cock into her hard and fast and my balls slapped against her asshole. Her legs were shaking, her second orgasm was just as intense as her first. She stood over me and I could see her puffy lips dripping. My sexy girlfriend straddled herself on top, performing a split while making her bubble butt bounce up and down my rod. She humped her juicy ass against me each time I thrust into her body. She stroked my cock, licked my balls, and rode on my hard dick until I was ready to blow my load. She made sure not to miss a single drop as I glazed spunk on her face and tits! 