My friend and I thought it was going to be a long and boring weekend at the dorm, and we were just texting with the girls down the hall. Since we were feeling pretty horny and raunchy we started sexting them, and the dirty girls not only replied back, they started sending pictures! I’m talking about hot, naked pictures, man! We were getting pussy, ass and titty shots and of course we replied by sending dick pics, and the naughty girls told us to keep them coming while they replied with videos! The girls told us they had pussy and pizza in their dorm room and wanted to share it with us! You don’t turn down an invitation like that, LOL! Five minutes later, we heard a knock on the door and there they were, five beautiful college coeds bringing pizza and their dripping wet pussies ready to get licked and fucked! My friend and I just couldn’t believe it, we had five gorgeous girls all to ourselves, we just hope we could keep up and meet their expectations! Their main interest was: whose dick was sexted. The girls sat in bed and made us stand in front of them. They didn’t wait for answers, they just unzipped our pants, took out the dicks and started to group blow us. While we ate our pizza slices, naked girls devoured our sausages, sucking our dicks and licking our balls!!! While the girls took turns giving us blowjobs and handjobs, the other naked girls had hot lesbian sex while watching us, and of course we were watching them too. My friend took two of the girls to his bed and I stayed with the other three. One girl rode on his cock while the other played with them and I watched the two sexy lesbian sluts in my bed finger fucking each other while I put the third spread legged in missionary and fucked her tight pussy slit. Even though she spread her legs if front of me I didn’t know her name. I stuck my thumb in her pretty little mouth and she sucked on it while I gave her dick and while we fucked them, the girls were having girl on girl fun all over the room and in the most interesting and sexy positions. I kept pumping my cock in and out of her pussy as fast as I could by this time. “Oh fuck me.. you’re fucking me so damn good in my fucking hot wet hole”. I started squeezing her tits and lightly pinching her nipples between my fingers. Another girl came to us, pushed the girl to aside, spread her legs and said she wanted me to fuck her cunt too. I began pounding her twat as fast and hard as I could while holding her and squeezing her ass cheeks. “I’m cumming, don’t stop fucking me!” I felt her pussy muscles squeeze my dick and her cum started flowing out all over my dick, other girls saw it and began licking it. “I can’t stop cumming” she was screaming. While one of the girls was riding on my cock, I had two other girls right next to me eating each other out, finger fucking their pussies, swapping tongue, rimming their tight assholes, masturbating together, it was fucking wild and out-of-control! We had turned this peaks a party into a full-blown sex orgy!   Every time I got tired of fucking a girl, there were 4 more to choose from, and the girls kept switching back and forth between my cock, my friend’s and their dripping wet pussies. Five naked girls laid on their backs, holding their feet up in the air as I fucked my way down the line of fresh cunts. There was plenty of pizza, sausage and pussy burger to go around in this naughty party, man! Naked girls, their pussies, tits were everywhere! I fucked the girls doggy style, they sat on my face and I ate them out while they sucked my cock and the party ended with a blast, or actually two, as we blew hot creamy cum all over the sexy girls! Five naked girls were in the puddle of cum, kissing and laughing! Everything happened. Double blowjobs, girl on girl, pussy eating, doggystyle, masturbation, tons of fucking, 69, all ending with facials, swallowing and group cum swapping.