This guy is a trophy husband, he stays at home while his hot cougar wife works as a top executive for a powerful corporation. He’s not very good with the house chores, so his wife gave him permission to hire a maid. He hired one through an online service and expected one of these old, chubby housecleaning lady. Instead, they sent a ravishing beauty in a skimpy maid outfit that made his dick as hard as a rock as soon as he laid his eyes on her. His wife wasn’t too happy when she saw the new maid. In fact, she was pretty much rude to her. He went to the kitchen to apologize for her, but the sexy maid told him it was okay and as she kept scrubbing the kitchen counter, she rubbed her juicy bubble butt against his crotch. He couldn’t help putting his hands on her delicious ass, her titties and minutes later, she had stripped down to her lace stockings and was pushing that beautiful naked ass against his face. She leaned over the kitchen counter as he licked her ass crack, her wet pussy slit and tight asshole, his face buried in the crack of her ass, smarter between her gorgeous butt cheeks. Really nice oral scene! Naked girl places her hands on the side of his face and holds his face still, moving her ass up and down, making his tongue slid up and down the entire length of her pretty butt cleavage! She’s fantastic, fine body with those great “natural breasts with pink nipples”, sexy ass and lovely pussy! She dropped to her knees, sucking and stroking his hard cock and he bent her over the kitchen counter so he could keep tongue fucking her pussy and her asshole. He rammed his hard cock deep inside her tight cunt, banging her hard against the counter. He lied on the kitchen floor and the hot babe squatted over his meaty pole, pushing her body up and down while riding on his shaft in reverse cowgirl. She held on tight to the kitchen counter and cabinet, bouncing on her new boss’s delicious dick. He put his naked maid in missionary position and spread her legs wide open, slapping his cock against her pink pussy lips before penetrating and fucking her as hard and as fast as he could. Watching the maid’s tits bounce up and down turned him on so much, she was much younger, hotter and sexier than his wife. If it was up to him, he would have fucked in the maid all night long, but he had to hurry up and blow his load all over her face and tits before his wife came back!  