I had the best fucking weekend of my life with two slutty friends of mine! We were partying so hard, we were on a boat, it was crazy! And it was so sexy! Can you believe we met a couple of guys on a helicopter! They were flying by our boat and checking us out, so we put on a little show for them! Next thing you know, we were back at their place, getting wild, naked and very naughty! My friends had me sandwiched between them and they started making out with me, while we stripped naked and got our two new friends out of their boxers, checking out their beautiful throbbing erections! I stroked their hard cocks while watching my friends sucking them and licking their balls, it was so fucking hot. I joined them and we gave them triple blowjobs, taking turns playing with their big gorgeous boners and those fabulous balls. My naked girls got down on their hands and knees so these fuckers could penetrate and bang them doggy style from behind, while I made sure their hard cocks stayed well lubed by sucking on them, tasting my friends’ pussies on the tip of their dicks, mixed up with that sweet precum and my own saliva, what a delicious elixir! While the girls were getting their pussies fucked, I darted my tongue in and out of their tight little assholes, I love rimming ass! The girls straddled themselves on top of the guys and rode them while I rubbed and massaged their pussies, watching them cum so hard! Of course I got my chance to get fucked very hard by both of them, it was delicious! We kissed and kissed. I remember thier hands all over me I sucked their cocks and pussies, both their cocks at the same time! I also exploded into my very intense orgasm. As one of the guys pulled out, my pussy was quickly filled with cock again. They fucked us ass as hard as they could. I was getting fucked by one guy while giving a blowjob to the other, the girls sucked my tits. Then we jumped on them and began riding their dicks! I looked over watching my best friend getting fucked. My friends wanted the guys to cum on our faces and pretty soon our studs were showering our naked bodies and faces with their hot and succulent cum! I got all the sperm I wanted. That was my first fivesome. 