This guy is always complaining that his girlfriend is bad at gifting him for Christmas, but this holiday season, there’s no chance in hell she’s going wrong with her gift! Her boyfriend can’t believe when he unwraps his Christmas present and realizes that she got him a lifelike love doll for Christmas! The sexiest present a guy could want, and the guy can’t wait to try it. She looks and feels so real! Her soft titties, puff nipples, her cute little ass and her pussy, look and feel so real! He will never ever complain about his girlfriend’s gifts anymore! They take their time playing with the naked sex doll before carrying her to the bed. Of course, they both can’t wait to play with his new toy! Each cups one of the doll’s breasts in their hands and sucks on her nipples, they even seem to get hard when stimulated by their wet, slick tongues! They lie the sex doll on the bed and he spreads her pink pussy lips with his fingers and rams his throbbing cock deep inside it. It feels just like the real deal! His girlfriend gets so turned on watching him fuck the love doll, that she strips naked too, spreads her legs and starts masturbating her pussy right next to them! Amazingly, the doll comes to life and starts making out with his girlfriend while he keeps fucking her hard. It’s a Christmas miracle!!! The girlfriend sits on the doll’s face so she can get her dripping wet pussy licked and begs her boyfriend to fuck her. She takes full advantage, riding her face so her doll can feast on her greedy twat. “I cant wait, fuck my pussy too!” He puts his horny girlfriend down on her hands and knees and fucks her doggie style from behind while the love doll caresses her naked body and kisses her full on the lips. He puts both naked girls side-by-side, on their hands and knees, banging them from behind. You just can’t tell the difference! She has come to life and she is going to show these two the real fuck fest with lots of cock sucking, cock riding, squirting orgasms, and crazy cumshots! He lies flat on his back and the girls take turns riding on his hard cock until his hard cock makes them squirt like two fountains. The girls won’t stop until he jizzes into their mouths and blows his creamy load all over them, the perfect finale for them to snowball together. This love doll rocks! 