My stepsister likes to act all tough, assertive and independent so it’s unusual for her to ask for help. I was surprised when she reached out to me and asked if I could help her with her philosophy homework for college. Basically, she wanted me to read the book for her and do her homework, and that kind of favor doesn’t come cheap. My stepsister made a little deal with me, and pretty soon she was done on her knees, sucking and stroking my hard cock. She’s a pretty sexy bitch, with long silky dark hair, gorgeous eyes, a juicy ass and a mouth that was made for sucking dick! She was kissing, licking and sucking the head, my shaft, and my balls. She gave me such good head, that I just couldn’t help myself, and I blew my load inside her mouth “Oh, … I am going to cum in your mouth” I watched her swallow every single drop. “Mmmmm!” she moaned in pleasure as she swallowed my load. I could feel her muscles contracting as she swallowed my cum and my cock. At the end my step sister just smiled at me. Of course I kept my end of the bargain, and got to work on that philosophy book and homework. I said that was pretty much the end of it, until I heard moaning and grunting coming from the bathroom. I sneaked a peek and found my sexy stepsister totally naked and masturbating herself by the edge of the tub. Looks like our cock sucking session had left her pretty turned on and wanting more! She was there with her legs spread open, rubing her wet slit. When she saw me watching her, she was more than happy to see me there. “I want your cock to pound the fuck out of my pussy!” My naked step sister got down on her knees, and put her hands behind her ass and spread her buttocks “baby you know what I want”! Grabbing hold of her hips I pushed my cock deep inside her, watching my cock part her moist pussy lips and sliding deep into her willing body. I started fucking her hard, banging her doggie style from behind on the bathroom floor. She was so fucking turned on, that when I stopped fucking her, she pushed that hot ass against my crotch, begging me to keep fucking her nonstop. That was the best; her big fleshy ass cheeks were like pillows and the SMACK SMACK SMACK as I fucked her was driving me wild. I lied flat on my back on the bathroom floor and she straddled herself on top, riding my hard cock with her beautiful butt facing my way, looking over her shoulder to make sure I was enjoying the ride as much as she was. Of course I spanked that juicy ass while pumping her snatch with dick meat and she just made that butt grind, twerk and dance on top of my dick, man! Her ass cheeks, her little anus and her pussy swallowing my cock, it looked amazing. She flipped over so she could keep riding my erection in cowgirl position while I rubbed her clit, knowing that this additional stimulation would turn her on even more. I could tell by the way she grabbed her hair and squeezed her titties together, gasping for breath and screaming at the top of her lungs.   She moaned softly and slowly rocked her hips, raising her hips up and then sliding down again, grinding her clit against me, squeezing my cock and smiling at me. Nothing better than a beautiful naked girl riding cock! I put her on her back and spread legged her so I could fuck that dripping wet pussy in missionary position, pulling out just in time to spray hot cum all over her. When she saw my squirting cum cock she grabbed it with both hands and began to suck it furiously, bobbing her head up and down, swirling her tongue in a circular motion. I just couldn’t stop cumming in her mouth! If my step sister was going to let me fuck her every time she needed help with her homework, I was going to be more than happy to help her out! 