I met this gorgeous young girl when she was walking to her gymnastic training and she was nice enough to show me some of her choreography on the street. She was really slim, with long legs and sexy braids and she was really good with the hula hoop. Her long legs and toned body moved with such grace. I asked if I could walk her to her class and she was okay with it. Along the way, I discovered that she was a pretty open-minded and wild chick. Turns out she was into public exposure, and got her kicks showing off her pussy in crowded places! Fuck, my kind of girl, LOL! We were at the train station, and she took her bottoms off to finger herself right there! She took her panties off to rub and finger herself, teasing passers and flashing them her tits! She spread for me to see her tight private parts up close! She wore shorts that were really tight so that she got a nice sexy cameltoe! She also showed me some of her dance and choreography moves while stripping naked in the park. She started doing some nude cartwheels, exposing her lovely teen pussy to me! She was showing off her gymnastic skills, and loved expressing herself. One of the most beautiful girls I ever seen, tall, leggy girl, such a graceful! Notice how superfit this girl is when she jogs around, and how firm that juicy butt is from all that training. In additional, her confidence and charisma make her a very fun and erotic girl to watch. The sexy teen wanted more… When she told me that she loved to squirt, I had to see for myself, so we went to a quiet passage where she squat on the floor and started rubbing her dripping wet snatch, gushing like a garden hose! She was peeing right there out in the open. What a crazy teen, man! Watching her squirt all over the place got me really turned on and I wanted to see more so I convinced her to come back to my place with me. There she sat on my couch and spread her legs wide open, fucking that tight pink clam with a vibrating dildo. Every time she came, she squirted, and every squirt and orgasm was more powerful than the one before it. She used the Magic Wand to a massive squirting orgasm that got her all wet! Watch all these amazing orgasms with anus spasms close up! I had met the girl of my dreams, a dirty little exhibitionist squirting slut, the type of girl you hold on to real tight and never ever let go! I’m pretty sure you guys will agree with me, aren’t I right? LOL! 