I’m working as Santa this year and these three sexy sluts asked me for a special gift. Unlike traditional Santa, I only give gifts to girls that have been very naughty all year long, and these sexy sluts were ready to show me just how naughty they were. They were all wearing matching Christmas themed lingerie and Santa caps and posed right next to their Christmas tree while I snap some selfies of them. This was going to make such a beautiful Christmas card, LOL! After we were done taking pictures, I figured these naughty girls were ready for their gift, so I made them get down on their knees around me and whipped out my big meaty sausage for them to admire and play with. The girls took turns sucking and stroking my hard cock and playing with my jingle balls, and he gave me a delicious triple blowjob. I made one of them bend over the couch and rammed my hard cock deep inside her dripping wet snatch, fucking her hard from behind while another one of her friends massaged and fondled my nut sack. While banging her from behind, the third naughty girl got behind me, rubbing and pressing her beautiful body against my own. Fuck it, the girls were making their very own Santa sex sandwich! It doesn’t get much naughtier than that! I lied flat on my back and one of the naked girls straddle herself on my lap, stuffing her tight muff with my dick meat and riding me in cowgirl while I groped and squeezed her titties and her friends watched and giggled, eager to take her place on top of my candy cane. While this girl was making her juicy bubble butt bounce up and down my lap, the other girls made sure my nuts remained warm and toasty, caressing them and licking them like sweet candy. I was in the mood for some doggie style fucking so I told the girls to get down on their hands and knees. I told all the girls to line up on the bed with there asses pointing toward me and took turns banging them hard from behind, spanking and slapping their butts and when I stopped fucking them, they pushed their asses against my cock, dirty little sluts! Watching them have lesbian sex while I fucked them made me blow my creamy load all over these very naughty girls! 