I got a call from my sexy girlfriend telling me to swing by their school, where she and her best friend were waiting for me. Looks like the girls decided to skip classes so they could go to a party. My girlfriend is a delicious brunette babe with a smoking hot body, and her school friend is a cute blond. She looks kind of shy and innocent, but any girl that wears a choker is a dirty fuck slut deep inside! While I drove them to the party, the girls changed clothes in the backseat, taking off their schoolgirl uniforms for much sexier party attire. Of course, as I looked through the rearview mirror, I could see them getting naked, and both my girlfriend and I were admiring her friend’s big beautiful tits! They were awesome, maybe 34DDD! Her tits were magnificent, round, creamy white with small hard nipples. The sexy schoolgirls were feeling pretty frisky and soon they were flashing their titties to all the horny guys that were passing us by in the traffic. I let my girl drive as we went for some fast food on the way to the party. The guys in the drive-through couldn’t believe what they were seeing when my girlfriend drove by totally topless and flaunting her beautiful titties! I bet she made their day! As you can imagine, things were heating up, and it was just a matter of time for my girlfriend to tell me to find a nice quiet spot to park. I didn’t want to miss a single second what was just about to happen next! My girlfriend and her school friend started making out on the backseat while I watched them and she asked me to join them. Sure, kissing girls is pretty hot! The naughty girls just wanted to do something dirty, and having their pussy fucked on camera. They strip naked and let me play with their big titties and juicy bubble butts, spreading them wide open to check out their ass cracks, their little assholes and their delicious pink pussy burgers. As I felt each pussy, I could feel them getting wetter with their arousal. I do this with my girlfriend all the time, it’s nothing new to us, but doing it with her school friend was a totally different and extremely kinky experience, we were all so fucking turned on! The girls took off my shorts and boxers and sucked my cock, her best friend massaging my throbbing sausage between her big melons. While my chick sucked my dick, her buddy licked and polish my balls. My girlfriend’s friend showed her filthy side when she sucked my dick with her soft lips and rubbed it with her boobs. I thought I would blow a nut right in her face! My girlfriend said “I want to see you fuck her, come on baby! Touch her, kiss her, take her nipples between your lips, suck her boobs!” What would you say if your girlfriend would tell you without warning she would like to see you fucking another pussy? “She has gorgeous tits, don’t you like them, don’t you want to cum on them?!” Well, I was totally shocked! But her naked friend had already straddled herself on top and pushed my cock deep inside her dripping wet cunt without prompting!!! My GF was licking my balls as her friend was grinding her pussy, not forgetting to massage her tits and also rub her clit. That bitch was trembling and shaking! I thought she would die of pleasure. I noticed that my gf’s pussy also got very wet from watching us fucking. She pulled my cock out of her friend’s cunt, licked off her juicies and said that she wanted my cock inside her too. I fucked my girlfriend in missionary while her slutty friend sucked my cock and her pussy. My girls were so turned on that it only took a few grinds and humps of our sex before each screamed out an earth-shattering orgasm. The girls had hot lesbian sex as I took turns banging them both in every single position I could come up with in the backseat of the car.   What an incredible sight, to watch them lick my dick like it was a delicious lollipop and their heads bobbed up and down as they deep-throated my manhood. While I was fucking one of them, the other made sure my cock and balls remained wet and lubed up with their mouths. I sat with my pole as erect as possible and in turn each girl squatted over me and lowered her hot pussy and impaled herself on my weapon. Naked girls took turns riding on my hard cock, both in cowgirl and reverse. I was pounding these pussies as if my life was depending on it. The girls enjoyed my cock until I was ready to blow my load, spraying creamy cum all over their faces and tits! They shared my dick and then shared a big facial!