Hello, friends. Good news for those of you who like hardcore porn. You see two naked babes in the bed, but it is not a lesbian scene! This guy works hard to give his wife a good life. He’s always traveling on business trips, and he wishes he could spend more time with her, so he decides to surprise her, returning home a couple of days earlier than anticipated. When he comes to their bedroom, he doesn’t find his wife in the marital bed, but this blond naked slut, who turns out to be his wife’s girlfriend! He is furious, not just because his wife is cheating on him what a woman, but more because they are supposed to share everything is a couple and his wife decided not to share this hot blond slut with big tits! He puts her down on her knees and rams his throbbing erection down her throat. He sucks and strokes his big sausage, lifting it up so she can also lick and suck on his big balls. He throws her in bed, pulls her cotton panties aside and shoves his huge cock deep into her bagina “I am master in this house and you will do well to remember it!” The lesbian slut arches her back and grips the sheets tightly and moans really loud almost screaming, feeling his cock reaches the bottom of her pussy. “That’s right, bitch, cum on this cock!” He begins to pound her dripping wet cunt from behind while groping and slapping her big juicy bubble tits. “Oh Yeah, I’m going to cum inside you!” “What!?!” He lies flat on his back with her on top, he spits on his cock to lube it up and jams it inside her tight cunt. Her delicious huge tits bounce around like basketballs while she’s riding on him. He puts her sideways and keeps railing her cunt. She gets on her back with her head dangling from the side of the bed while he fucks her mouth and throat and keeps slapping her big tits. Then he spread eagles her, power fucks her even harder.  He is thrusting so deep in her that her eyes are watering. “My hard cock is better than a pussy is it not?” He fucks her cunt and mouth and blows his creamy load all over her big tits. Then he leaves to look for a good divorce lawyer! 