Banging a beautiful black girl has been on my bucket list for such a long time and there have been moments when I saw that it would never happen, until I met this beautiful black girl with a smoking hot body, big tits, juicy bubble butt and incredible looks and we started dating. I have been very patient and it has paid off because we are finally going to fuck and my dream of banging a black girl will be fulfilled! She’s dressed up for the occasion in her sexiest lingerie and of course I’m filming her with my video camera because I want to keep a memento of this beautiful location! Yeah, I also want to jerk off to it over and over and share it with all my friends to make them jealous and envious of me, LOL! She strips naked and gets in the shower, soaping up her sexy black body and lathering her nice tits and delicious bubble ass for me. I can’t stop looking at her gorgeous body. She has the most perfect body I have ever seen in black porn!!! I wanna fuck that pussy so hard. Once all nice and clean she hops into bed with me and pulls down my pants and boxers, exposing my throbbing erection. She puts my cock in her mouth and sucks it like a dirty little slut, stroking it with her expert hands and straddling herself on top so she can ride me while playing with her big tits. She flips over and teases me with her juicy bubble butt, spreading her ass cheeks apart with her hands and spanking herself to turn me on. I reach out and grab her titties while she’s bouncing up and down my shaft and I grab her neck, watching her popping my fingers into her mouth so she can suck on them. Her tits are big and beautiful, crowned by puffy nipples, and she has tattoos all over her sexy body and a piercing in her belly button. This sexy black bitch is the total package! After riding on my cock she gets back on her hands and knees so she can keep sucking and stroking my member, then she gets into position so I can penetrate her from behind and fuck her doggie style. After fucking her this way, I spread eagled her, banging her in missionary position while slapping her titties. She keeps her legs spread wide open while I fuck her and get ready to cum all over her body! 