It’s Christmas time and these parents are trying to get some family pictures with their stepson and stepdaughter, since it’s the first holiday they are celebrating together as a family. It’s just not clicking as their dad and mom would expect so they leave the stepsiblings alone so they can get their shit together. After they leave it makes sense why these kids were acting so awkward, they’re not in the mood for getting Christmas pictures by the tree, they just wanna fuck each other’s brains out! The hot teen drops to her knees and gets back to what they were doing before their parents barged in with their family photo requests, sucking and stroking her stepbrother’s big juicy cock! Well, at least they are bonding, isn’t that what this was all about in the first place? Her stepbrother’s juicy cock was exactly what she asked Santa for, since she had been a nice girl all year long and now it was her turn to be very naughty! There she is, sucking her very own stepbrother’s cock right next to the fireplace and the Christmas tree, surrounded by presents, and he’s just about to blow his load when their dad comes back in and interrupts them! They act like nothing’s going on and as soon as he leaves, she gets back on her knees and continues blowing his dick.   She gets down on her hands and knees and hikes up her skirt, pulling her cotton panties aside so she can feel her stepbrother’s big fat cock inside her dripping wet snatch. He fucks her doggie style from behind by the Christmas tree, now that’s one hell of a family picture, LOL! He fucks his stepsister sideways and lie flat on his back so she can straddle herself on top and ride him cowgirl style. He loves the way she grinds her juicy bubble butt while on top of his crotch, making his cock sink deeper inside her tight muff. She pulls her sweater over her titties so he can play with them and suck on her perky nipples while banging her hard under the Christmas tree. She flips into reverse cowgirl, squatting over his large cock and ready to get her big tits and slutty face splattered with his creamy cum, cleaning up the mess with her tongue before her daddy comes back to take his pictures!