I love my sexy redhead girl, she’s so fucking hot and I don’t even mind how many times she puts her shoes on the bed, despite the fact that I told her that I hate when she does that! I don’t mind, because she doesn’t mind showing her lovely tits and pussy on camera and I just love filming her while we are doing all sorts of nasty things! She lifts her top and gives me a good look at her beautiful puppies, her soft, juicy, smooth titties with pink nipples! Trust me, her breasts are most beautiful I’ve ever seen. I capture one of her nipples with my lips and begin to softly suckle her, lightly running my tongue over her hard little tip. Then she slides her panties aside, playing with her tender pink pussy lips with her fingers, stretching them apart and showing me how wet her slit is. She is so turned on, her pussy so wet, her fingers are immediately coated with her slippery juices. “Do you like my pussy baby?” Her fingers caress her pussy, moving along her pink slit, rubbing up and down against her clit. “I want to taste your cock and your cum…” She lies flat on her belly, softly taking my throbbing member in her gentle hands and guiding it into her open mouth, tenderly sucking and licking it with her big beautiful eyes gazing into mine, circling the head with her tongue. She holds my cock with both hands and takes her time blowing me, until my cock is as big and as hard as it can get. She wants me to spread her legs and fuck her hard, and that’s what I want too. “I’m so wet and my body is burning, I want your hot cock in me so bad.” She gets on the edge of the bed, spreads her legs and begs me to penetrate and fuck her in missionary position, so she can feel that big juicy cock pumping her tight muff. She wraps her legs around my waist, making my cock to press up against her mound, deeper and deeper in her vagina. I can feel her nipples against my chest, her clit pulsing against my cock. I begin to thrust my hips up into hers, driving my cock into her hot young pussy, making her moan loudly in orgasm. She grabs her legs by underneath her knees, moaning and grunting as I pump her, feeling her pussy muscles tightening around my shaft. It’s almost as if her pussy would suck me in, so fucking hot! I like to stop fucking her, when I do, she grabbed me by my thighs and pushes my crotch against her pelvis, as if urging me not to stop and to continue fucking her. I lie flat on my back so my sexy naked girl can straddle herself on top slide my cock inside her tight cunt, riding me cowgirl style, pushing her lovely tits against my face so I can play with them and suck and lick her perky nipples. They can get so hard and puffy, I can spend hours at a time playing with them and suckling on them. She leans back, pushing her pelvis slowly against my cock, letting all that sexual tension built up, fucking her slow if we can until we just can’t resist picking up the speed and intensity. I get a nice view of her pussy with my cock going in and out. I put her sideways and started pounding her from behind, holding her hands behind the small of her back, restraining her as they plow her harder, deeper and faster!   Now I have her flat on her belly, my big fat cock lodged between her butt cheeks, feeding her insatiable pussy that just wants more and more cock inside of it. I press my hand on the small of her back and she spreads her butt cheeks with her hands, begging me, imploring me, to fuck her harder! I need to cum so I pull my hot dick out and shoot a hot load of cum in her face. My tool is just pulsing again and again in her mouth and all over her face. It is amazing how much cum is smeared all over her naked body. It is all over her cheeks, her hair, tits and stomach, and dripping from her shaved pussy down her thighs. After blowing my creamy load all over her cute face and her tiny body we are ready to watch this video over and over!