I love pranking my girlfriend and I always come up with clever pranks, like placing baby powder in her hairdryer while she’s taking a shower. She’s a good sport, and she never really gets mad at me, but she knows exactly how to get back at me! She sneaked up behind me while I was watching TV and splashed a pie on my face! Well, I guess I had that one coming! The cream also splattered all over her sexy body and her big brown tits and we started making out right on the couch. I took her to the bedroom and we both stripped naked. I lied on my back and she started sucking and stroking my throbbing member. After giving me a delicious blowjob, she climbed on top of me, pulled her cotton panties aside and pushed my white hard cock deep inside her black cunt, riding me cowgirl style. I love it when she rides on top because they get to see those fabulous titties bouncing up and down like balloons. They look so fucking sexy! I reached over and fingered her slit, feeling how nice and wet it was while I was banging her. I was now pounding her hard, my balls slapping against her ass, causing her to grunt and cry out with each stroke. She took her panties off, got down on her hands and knees and started wiggling her delicious brown bubble shaped butt. I got behind her and stuffed her tight muff with my cock meat, drilling her doggie style from behind. She likes that position because I can go really deep inside her vagina and that really turns her on. I grab her juicy butt and spank her hard while pounding her, listening to her moans and grunts of pleasure. I flip my sexy black girlfriend over so I can continue fucking her spread legged in missionary position while she rubs her clit, begging me to fuck her harder and faster. I put my hands over her big tits and her beautiful neck while I am fucking her, feeling all that cum boiling inside my balls. Finally, I pull my cock out of her pussy and blow my load, blasting lots of hot and sticky cum all over her beautiful face and her nice big tits and watch her licking it off along with the remaining cream from the pie! Pranks and hot sex go so well together! 