My sexy girlfriend decided to go back to college and I do my best to support her, especially when she has to study for a test. I make sure she has no interruptions, but when I see her studying wearing nothing but her tight tank top and pink cotton panties, I just can’t control myself. I know she wants to do a little studying, but I see her like that and I want a little fucking too! When she sees me like this, she likes to tease me for a while, until she’s ready to take a break, and that’s when she just turns me to get close, so she can unbuckle my pants and take care of that big throbbing member in need of her tender love and affection! She gives me a very slow blowjob, taking her time, teasing me silly, feeling my cock getting bigger and harder in her tiny mouth. She pulls her top up, massaging my member between her big tits with pierced nipples, licking the tip with her tongue. She waits until it’s fully engorged, then she gets down on her hands and knees, begging me to fuck her doggie style from behind. She needs to unwind from so much studying, and nothing relaxes her more than a good fuck. I start to rub her pussy lips and her erect clit with the head of my dick, I like to tease her before sex, make her beg me to fuck her then beg me to stop when she couldn’t take it any more. As I fuck her pussy from behind, I jam my thumb in her tight asshole, that shot turns her on so much, it makes her squirm with lust! I lie flat on my back and she squats on top, letting my cock sink inside her as she rides me cowgirl style. My horny girlfriend can ride my dick all day long! Her beautiful breasts against my face, her tight pussy is sliding up and down the length of my cock, moving faster and faster. She lies on her back and I fuck her in missionary position, pounding her hard and fast, making her gasp with orgasms as I control her pleasure. After fucking my girl in all possible positions and every possible angle, and blowing my load all over her she gets back to her books, totally refreshed! 