My best friend and roommate has a smoking hot girlfriend and she always tended to flirt with me and that was the case as well when I came looking for him while he was out to the store getting some cigarettes. I usually shrug off her advances, but today she was coming on too strong to resist! She pulled her top up, giving me a peek of her big beautiful tits, she wanted some sneaky sex, but we heard my best friend returning from the store and she made me hide in the closet. Damn, that was a close call! She decided to get freaky with my friend, and I could see her with her top over her tits and naked from the waist down, sucking my pal’s hard cock, damn, that was hot! My buddy laid back and let his girl suck and stroke his sausage and lick his balls! The slut loves cocks! Literally she was making love to his cock, not just sucking it. Then this slit straddled herself on top and rode him. My mouth watered watching her big tits bouncing up and down and the way she grinded her sexy body, pushing her pelvis against his crotch, moaning and grunting. She flipped over and rode him in reverse cowgirl, twerking her fabulous bubble shaped ass. I really wished they could be me banging her! He slapped her tender ass cheeks, making her squirm and gush on top of his beefy member. He just laid still and let her do all the work, grinding and twerking her juicy butt on his lap. He kinda flipped her around, and now she was facing my way and looking at me jerking off while I watched them fucking from the closet! She rubbed her muff while that big sausage penetrated and fucked her and I wondered if she fantasized that it was my cock and not my best friend’s banging her so hard in bed. I wish it was! He put her on her back and spread her legs, fucking her in missionary position while she continued rubbing her muff. It was like watching a life porn movie, and while I was not able to fuck my best friend’s girl, at least I could masturbate to them doing it! I blew my load in the closet while he blew it all over his girl’s big tits and sexy face, what a thrill! 