I came over to my buddy’s home to watch the game and we were joined by his teen daughter, a sexy little nympho who just recently turned 18 and she’s looking hotter and spunkier than ever. She always likes to sit by my side and cuddle up against me, but today she seemed friskier than usual, because while we were watching the game I could feel her hand sliding from my knee, up my thigh, until she rested it on my crotch! My buddy didn’t have a clue about what was going on and when he got up to get some snacks from the kitchen, I followed him to make sure things didn’t get out of hand with his nympho daughter. Thing is, the little slut followed us and since I was behind the kitchen counter, she crawled underneath, unzipped my jeans and started sucking and stroking my throbbing erection. Her mouth felt hot and slick, and I couldn’t keep from pushing in further until the hot, throbbing head of my cock nudged into the back of her throat. I almost came, I thought I would cum right in her throat but I held back. Her father could catch us any second. He thinks her daughter is still virgin when the little slut swallows huge cocks like crazy. Back on the couch, she wouldn’t keep her hands off me, and pretty soon she had my dick back in her mouth, right next to her dad! Thank goodness he was so focused on the game, he was oblivious to his daughter and blowing my dick right next to him! Fate seemed to be by my side, because my friend got cramps from eating too many potato chips too fast and went upstairs. I told her it was time to give her what she had wanted for so long. I stripped my friend’s filthy daughter naked and flipped her over, making that bitch suck my cock while I ate out her dripping wet snatch. “You love getting your cock sucked don’t you?” she began deepthroating it into her mouth. What a teen whore! Her mouth was open and she couldn’t stop sucking on my giant cock but I was going to fuck her brains out before her dad came back down. The girl was so fucking tiny and lightweight I had no trouble straddling her over my cock and impaling her tight muff on it. All she had left on were her sexy thigh high socks and she looked so fucking slutty and cute in them. I spread her legs wide open and plowed her tight gash, putting her sideways on the couch and banging her hard and deep from behind. I couldn’t believe it when this bitch told me she wanted me to fuck her ass! I didn’t hesitate, ramming my huge cock deep inside her gaping asshole and plowing her hard while she stuffed her cunt with her fingers. She kept them lodged inside her snatch, so she could feel my throbbing erection rubbing against the thin wall separating her pussy from her asshole and then made her so fucking horny she just begged me to keep stretching out her butt hole with my beefy sausage before her daddy came back down! “Fuck me hard! Fuck me hard!” she moaned over and over “Push it in my ass! come on, deeper, deeper!” she felt my balls bouncing against her ass, and I was fully inside her cute little ass. It was incredible! As I fucked her with deep, and I mean, DEEP, strokes with my huge cock, she reached under and found my balls and began to rub them, making me fuck her harder in the ass, driving her to her orgasm within minutes!   I put her down on her hands and knees, I wanted to fuck this bitch’s asshole doggie style from behind. Then I sat down on the couch and let the young petite naked girl straddle up, my cock sinking inch by inch inside her anal funnel, making her ride on it anally! The sight of a little naked girl riding my cock with her pussy and ass, pushing herself downwards onto my cock must have been too much for me and I started to cum. When she felt my throbbing cock cumming inside her ass she started cumming also. Her eyes rolled up in her head and her mouth was open, gasping for breath. Her pussy began to squirt with cum right in my face! My body covered with her creamy pussy juice. I had been fucking her for last 20 minutes before I felt her little hole with lots of hot cum, right before her dad came back to watch the end of the game!