These two women try to share the same husband and be happy with alternating the night in which they each get fucked by him, once in a while, it gets a little bit messy. The wife number one, was doing the laundry when she heard noises in the hamper, and just as she imagined, there was her husband, totally naked while fucking wife number two, on the wrong day! Of course she got pissed off, and a while later, her loving husband was ready to apologize for using her sex day to bang his other wife. Of course there is nothing better after a fight than make up sex, and they were ready to have it in the living room, while wife number two watched from the kitchen while doing the dishes. This beautiful woman stripped naked and started stroking and sucking her husband’s big throbbing erection, knowing how jealous the other wife would get having to watch them fuck while she’s not getting any. She straddled herself on top, letting his huge cock sink deep inside her dripping wet snatch, riding him cowgirl style, with his back to the kitchen and her with a perfect of it, and of wife number two, green with envy, LOL! Not happy with watching, she decided to invite herself to join them for a hot threesome fuck, so this way, everybody could get what they wanted and harmony would return to the household! She stripped naked too, impaling herself on that big juicy cock and riding it in reverse cowgirl. Pretty soon, the other woman pushed her away and took her place back on top. As their three some advanced, the wives rekindled their friendship, with thw wife number one sitting on wife number two’s face so she could eat out her hot pussy while getting fucked missionary style by the husband. The naked girls took turns enjoying that huge 11 inch cock while having hot lesbian sex with each other, groping and fondling their big tits, sucking on their erect nipples, finger fucking their dripping wet pussies and rimming their tight assholes while enjoying that delicious cock they both love and cherish so much. After fucking them both in the hottest positions and giving the girls all the hard cock they wanted and needed so bad, he had plenty of hot and sticky cum to share with them both! Burst after burst of the hot semen covered the most beautiful women I’d ever had the pleasure to see in porn. Both girls smiled and each one licked the man cum! 