We have two of the top five, if not the top two, most beautiful women doing porn today, in the same scene together! Two gorgeous women, beautifully made up, with spectacular bodies and fine matching outfits. Thank you RK for giving us what we want! This smoking hot model like blond is so fascinated and in love with herself that she found a lover that is pretty much her mirror image. They even wear the same blue lace bra and pink leggings as the girls make love to each other. She kisses her lips and neck, feeling her friend undoing her bra, cupping her big tits in her hands, taking her puffy nipples to her lips and sucking hard on the, licking circles around them with her slick tongue. This babe is a real cock-stiffener. She has such cracking tits and a shapely ass that screams “come eat me!” She does the same to her, devouring her delicious tits, suckling on her nipples, pressing her body against her. Next, the lesbians intertwine their legs to grind their pussies together through the sheer stockings. Her lover strips her naked and puts her down on her hands and knees, she can feel her soft hands spreading her ass cheeks wide open and her dirty little tongue wriggling inside her dripping with pussy. She sits and spreads her legs, letting her lover eat her out. She loves feeling her tender tongue on her meaty cunt, pushing her pussy lips apart, darting in and out of her snatch, making her clit tingle. Her friend rubs and fingers her clam and after she makes her cum it’s her turn to play with her. She peels the pink leggings of her beautiful body, kissing her toes and moving up her feet and ankle to her lovely legs. By the time she reaches her pussy, it’s already dripping wet, she can taste her sweet juices gushing from her slit, the most delicious cock though she has ever tasted in her life. She fingers her, makes her sit on her face so she can ride it. She cums all over her face, but she wants more! It is so hot watching two naked girls rimming each other’s butthole, riding each other’s face and finally scissoring each other. The girls rubbing their wet pussies together, thrusting and quivering until they reach orgasm. Fuck. Yes. Scissoring is amazing! Naked girls fuck each other with their tongues, lick their assholes raw, cumming together over and over! Watching Ryan’s beautiful face next to Jessa’s beautiful ass is one of the great sights in porn. Lipstick lezzies kissing, licking and chewin on box and booty is the ultimate turn on. This is the kind of scene that made RK great! Two of the hottest girls in the Biz gettin after each other.  