My friend and his girlfriend invited me over to watch week 16 of football, you know, when it gets really good! His girlfriend sat between us and every time the local team scored, she lifted her arms in celebration on a couldn’t help watching her cropped football Jersey pulling over her beautiful naked tits! She noticed me looking at them, and as she pulled her top down to cover them, she put her hand on my knee and casually slid it up my thigh, all the way to my crotch! I’m sure she could feel my member throbbing underneath! My friend’s girlfriend sorely lacking attention switched her sight to my erection. So concerned with men chasing balls that he didn’t notice when his women was out chasing my balls. She was stroking my cock sitting on the couch next to her guy! She excused herself, and on her way out, motioned me to follow her while her boyfriend was concentrated on the game. I know my friend, he’s a hard-core fan, when the game is on, absolutely nothing short of the house burning down will move him from his spot. I awkwardly excuse myself and followed his sexy girlfriend to the bathroom, where she pulled up her football Jersey and let me enjoy her fabulous tits! My lips kissed her lips, her neck and slowly down to her breasts. I began to kiss her nipples, biting them lightly causing her to moan softly. My hands roamed over her body while I sensually sucked and kissed her taught nipples. I noticed that she had moved her hand towards me so that she could rub my cock. She got on her knees, unzipping my denims, grabbing my hard cock in her hands and giving me an intense blowjob. We stumbled to the bedroom, she bent over and pulled her tight shorts down. As she did she looked over her shoulder and breathed “Come on, do it!” I couldn’t believe this was happening. She spread her lovely ass cheeks and I dove between them and licked her juices from her pussy. “I can’t fucking believe we’re doing this.” she said as I fucked her pussy and ass with my tongue. The rest was just hot unadulterated sneaky sex!!! I pounded her cunt so hard from behind I almost got an unnecessary roughness penalty. She moaned as she felt my throbbing erection deep in her vagina. She began to press her hips back against my cock as I pumped my shaft into her tightness. Standing and Kissing madly I raised one of her legs and started pounding her shaved pussy. I wanted to fuck her so bad, and knowing there was even a slight chance of getting caught made our fucking so much more intense and furious! It was the hottest fuck of our lives! I lifted her by underneath her knees, impaling her on my cock and banging her hard, with her ass rubbing against my crotch. Then I put her facing my way, her body pressed against mine, one of her leg straddled over my shoulder, pounding her dripping wet snatch in standing position. She was great,…body, face, natural tits and a great bush covered pussy! I got on her bed and straddled her atop, fucking her cunt in reverse cowgirl, rubbing her snatch and put in my free hand over her mouth, so her screams wouldn’t alert her boyfriend. She still had her sexy thigh high socks on, making her look like the prettiest fuck slut on the planet! She squat over my cock, making her body bounce up and down my rod, her delicious bubble shaped butt facing my way. She was swirling her hips and riding my dick like she was on a bucking bronco. I put her sideways and plowing her. The football game was the last thing on my mind, all I wanted to do was fuck my best friend’s girlfriend’s brains out right behind his back! I pulled her to the edge of the bed, made her split her legs wide open and pounded that pink pussy burger hard from behind. Then I fucked her sideways and I flipped her on her back so I could give her a nice missionary style plowing. She rubbed her pussy as I fucked her, begging me to give her a fine cum bath, blow my creamy load all over her face and tits before halftime, so we could go back and join her boyfriend without him even noticing we were fucking behind his back! I couldn’t take it anymore. and touched down all over her pretty face. At this very moment he walked in on us! She was busy swallowing my cum! Her ability to take a cum shot should be the standard for all ladies.   Dont miss new porn site in REALITY KINGS family! The naughty girls you will find at Sneaky Sex simply love the thrill of sneaking behind their boyfriends, husbands and parents so they can get their hands on the big juicy cock, sucking and stroking it, getting their dripping wet pussies pounded hard and swallowing lots of cum! The thrill of getting caught turns them on! It excites them to sneak behind somebody else, and have hot lesbian sex, masturbate with sex toys, get fucked by their couple’s best friends behind their backs! With new sneaky girls and sneaky fucking videos added regularly, you are going to love this place!