This cute teen has brought her new boyfriend home for her mom to meet, but as it turns out, she already knows him, since she actually dated this sleaze ball a few years ago. He’s much older than her daughter and she wants to keep this sleazy boyfriend away from her at any cost. He agrees to leave, but with one condition, he wants to get a blowjob from the sexy cougar first. This mom is so hot and sexy, and her breasts are HUGE!!! She gets down on her knees and starts blowing his cock. She can understand what her daughter sees in this guy, his cock is simply fabulous, so fucking big, thick and hard! Unfortunately, they are interrupted halfway through by her daughter, letting them know that dinner is served. Looks like he won’t be leaving the house as soon as she wanted. While they eat, the mom can’t stop thinking about that big juicy dick, so she says she lost a contact lens and crawls under the table so she can keep sucking it. After dinner, she leaves her husband and daughter taking care of the dishes and takes her daughter’s boyfriend upstairs, so she can finish what she started. She shows him her huge tits, grabs his cock and drools all over that throbbing member while sucking and stroking it. He spreads mom’s legs while pulling her body to the edge of the bed and begins to fuck her very hard in missionary position. Her pussy is gushing wet, sucking that thick rod deep inside it. While he bangs her, she rubs her muff and plays with her big tits, they are so much bigger than her daughter’s! They strip totally naked and she lies sideways, getting penetrated and fucked hard by her daughter’s sleazy boyfriend from behind. She gasps when she feels that massive cock getting rammed it deep inside her tight asshole, she had no idea that he was going to fuck her anally, but it turns her on so much, she compulsively masturbates her dripping wet pussy while feeling that huge cock pounding her gaping butthole. He lies flat on his back and she straddles herself on top, in reverse cowgirl, her delicious bubble shaped ass facing his way as she squats on top and rides his hard cock deep inside her asshole. While he’s but fucking her, he fingers and rubs her twat, massaging her pussy and making her gush all over his cock and balls. She gets back in missionary position, she wants to continue masturbating while he fucks her tight asshole, wondering if he fucks her daughter’s ass like this too, she must love it so much. He puts her on her side and just keeps wailing her asshole with his meaty sausage sideways from behind while her daughter and husband continue washing the dishes downstairs. As she gets anal fucked by her daughter’s sleazy boyfriend she reconsiders, maybe she will let them keep dating, just as long as he keeps pounding her ass! 