I was walking around when I spotted this curvy busty teen sitting outdoors at a café all by herself. She looked so fucking hot. I approached her and asked if I could sit with her. She seemed shy, until cash came into play! I offered her 100 bucks to see her tits! She looked around, made sure nobody was eavesdropping and pulled down her top, giving me a glimpse of her beautiful big melons. Man, they were so nice and perky! I told her that if she followed me back to my place, she could get even more cash and she agreed to follow me. There she took off her top, strip naked and took a hot shower, scrubbing her big tits and juicy bubble butt while I watched her and masturbated. The more cash I gave her, the more shit this “shy” girl was willing to do! She leaned over, popping my dick in her wet mouth, sucking and stroking it with a naughty look on her lovely face. I made her lie flat on her back and spread her legs, ramming my hard sausage deep inside her dripping wet cunt and pounding her hard. She was really getting into it, massaging and fondling her big melons while I fucked her hard. She rubbed her clit and stroked my cock, popping it back inside her clam for more dirty fucking. I reached over, groping and squeezing her ripe grapefruits, enjoying the naughty smile on her face. I told her to turn over and get down on her hands and knees, ramming my juicy cock in her slit, banging her doggie style while jamming my thumb in her asshole, feeling that tight sphincter stretching out for it. She squirmed, her body overwhelmed by the double stimulation. I fucked her hard from behind, grabbing her by her shoulders, her neck and her big tits, making her scream at the top of her lungs like a dirty bitch in heat. I put her hands over her ass so she could spread her butt cheeks with her hands, showing me that delicious chocolate starfish while I pump her pink clam. I lied on my back and she straddled herself on top, riding me cowgirl style. After blowing my cum all over her face and big tits I gave her a few extra bucks and let her go on her way! 