My roommate and I decided to celebrate the New Year with a party and invited some of our sexy neighbors to join us, three beautiful girls ready to greet 2017 with a bang! The party was going full throttle, and you know a party like this is going well when the girls start taking of their clothes and showing off their titties and butts! Yeah, baby, we was going to get laid tonight! Nothing better than kicking into the new year with great sex! One of the girls dropped to her knees, unzipped my jeans, whipped out my throbbing cock on got to work on it, sucking and stroking it while her friends watched, cheering her on! Another girl took care of my buddy’s sausage, with the third girl making sure her friends did a good job on our cocks and balls! We lied flat on her back and the naked girls straddled themselves on top, shoving of her meaty sausages between their tender pink pussy lips and riding us in reverse cowgirl. These sluts were bringing in the new year right! While banging them, we groped and massaged their butts and tits and their friend fed some some bubbly. We put the naked girls on their backs, spread their legs and fucked them hard in missionary position. The girls played with their twats, rubbed each other’s tits and made out. Watching them having hot lesbian sex and masturbating made us even hornier! Man, I wanted to blow my load so much, but these girls wanted more and more, so I concentrated hard in making this experience last as long as possible, at least unto 2017, LOL! We had already gone through several positions and I was time for some doggie style loving! Yeah, baby! We put those chicks on their hands and knees, pumping them with dick meat, grabbing them by their long hair and pulling their heads back while we fuck them hard. None of us wanted to cum first, since the one that lasted the longest would get to fuck the third girl as a New Year’s gift, man! Now, judging by the naughty look on her face, I think it didn’t really matter anyway because she was planning on celebrating her new year with a couple of big hard cock to satisfy her! This is a New Year party I will never forget! 