This hot blond cougar mom walks in on her lovely blond stepdaughter and her cute lesbian girlfriend while the teens are on the couch talking about dildos, sex toys, masturbation and spice enough their sex life! She notices her stepdaughter getting quite grabby with her girl’s tits and it makes her pussy tingle. The young girl pulls her top up, so her girlfriend can suckle on her perky nipples on the living room couch. While her girlfriend plays with her tits, she reaches under her skirt, and plays with her teen pussy. She pulls her sexy lace panties aside and rubs her meaty snatch and the girl removes them so she can have better access to her wet slit and her clit. She masturbates her with her right hand and uses the left to rub her own cunt over her denim shorts. In the meantime, her mom is upstairs, making her bed when she finds a couple of pink and blue dildos with matching cotton panties under the pillow. They look very familiar, because they are hers! Now that’s a surprise! She calls her daughter and her girlfriend up, because if they are going to use her toys and her lingerie, they are going to have to learn the right way to use them and she’s ready to show them! She makes the girls strip naked, watching as the girlfriend licks and finger fucks her stepdaughter’s pussy and have hot lesbian sex with both of them while making them lie flat on their backs with their legs spread wide open, each of them masturbating with one of her sex toys. She rubs and massages their pussies as the naked girls fuck themselves with her toys and reach intense orgasms in this kinky threesome! The naked mom shows the girls how to use their dildos properly and makes sure they both experience a real orgasm. These three ladies get to it as the screen becomes filled with pulsating pussies, juicy titties, an. The licking and finger popping doesn’t stop till these young lesbians climax and are satisfied. Two young and beatuful naked girls and the mature mom. Top class Girl / Girl action here, awesome! 