I had no idea that my girlfriend was secretly obsessed with anal sex until I saw her in bed through our bedroom door, masturbating with a vibrator against her dripping wet snatch while fucking her asshole with a big sex toy! Wow, what a surprise! Unfortunately, I tripped over, stumbling into the bedroom and alerting her of my presence. Her tender little asshole was still feeling hot and horny, so my horny little babe got down on her hands and knees, twerking her juicy ass for me and telling me how much she would love to feel my hard cock stuffing her anal funnel and popping her anal virginity. She lied flat on her belly while sucking and stroking on my throbbing member. I think that just thinking about fucking her asshole was making me bigger and harder than ever before! I love watching her grind her body and her delicious bubble butt while wrapping her soft, meaty lips around my shaft and swallowing it whole. I made her lie on her back, spread legged, penetrating and fucking her little tight anus in missionary position, using my fingers to rub and massage her cunt. She grabbed her vibrator and turned it on, applying it to her clit as I pushed my hard cock into her anal fuck hole, feeling her tight sphincter stretching out as I made my way in, inch by inch. Her asshole was so fucking tight, she squirmed and grunted as I stuffed her chocolate starfish with my erection and once I was inside, the magic started! She rubbed and fingered her pussy while I butt fucked her, picking up speed as her anal muscles relaxed and loosened up. I was so fucking turned on, that I blew my load inside her. I pulled my cock out, watching her gaping asshole oozing with my sticky creampie. She was still turned on and I was still hard, so I rammed my cock back inside her and continued pounding that delicious asshole! I lied on my back and she gave me head, licking the cum off my cock and balls, tasting her own asshole on my dick, then straddling herself on top and impaling her butthole on my cock once again, getting her asshole drilled until she made me cum a second time inside her asshole! From now on it’s just anal sex for us! I should get a Oscar for that homemade anal porn with my cute girlfriend!!! Think this is the best sex video ever produced!Let’s take a moment to say thank you to all the ladies who are down for anal destruction. 