You have no idea for how long I had been begging my beautiful blond girlfriend for a threesome, but she just wouldn’t budge! Sometimes, when you want something done, you just have to do it yourself! When her best friend confessed she had a crush on my girl, I knew I could make this happen and we would all benefit from it! I set up an encounter, making her come home before my girlfriend came back from work and hiding her in the bedroom closet. When my girl arrived I told her I had a very special game for us to play and she was eager to find out what it was all about. I placed a pink blindfold over her eyes and I tight her hands up. She was getting pretty excited! I signaled her best friend to come out of the closet. She was wearing a sexy orange top, denim shorts and a huge strap on cock! Fabulous attire! I had my girl stripped down to her lingerie, her tits pulled over her bra and her lace panties pulled aside as her best friend started licking her wet slit and her tight asshole, pretending it was me! I loved watching my girlfriend getting eaten out by a girl. Once my girl was all wet and ready to go, I rammed my throbbing erection deep inside her muff and began fucking her wildly in missionary, pounding her pussy with my cock and grinding my pubic bone against her clit. I was mega hard from watching her best friend eating her out! While I fucked her, her friend placed the strap on dick over her lips, and that’s when my girl realized we were not alone! When she removed the blindfold and wrist bind, she was surprised to find her best friend with her big titties pulled over her top and a big strap on cock between her legs, but the dirty smile on her face made us know she was exhilarated with this surprise! She pulled her best friend close to her, munching on her big titties and straddling herself on top of her big rubber cock so she could ride it. Man, the girls looked so fucking hot strap-on fucking together like that! While her best friend fucked my girl and sucked on her tits, I fucked her best friend, watching my girl’s big, beautiful ass bouncing up and down her friend’s lap! Having two women in bed at the same time, I don’t know how I can go back to just doing my girlfriend. I lied flat on my back so her naughty best friend could straddle herself on top and ride my erection while rubbing her clit and getting her tits and puffy nipples sucked on by my girlfriend. While riding my cock she even wasn’t forgetting about my gf’s pussy, she started licking her pussy running her tongue between her lips, up over clit and back down to her anus, my girl grabbed her head and pressed it against her pussy. Her friend was so turned on, that when she climaxed, she started gushing, squirting all over my cock and balls, this was amazing! I had no idea my girlfriend’s best friend was a fucking squirter! My girlfriend smiled when she saw her friend’s juice all over me “will you make me cum like that?”. “that’s the best sex we’ve ever had” I said. The naked babes got down on all fours, next to each other with their naked butts raised in the air.   “I want to see you fucking her doggy style!” My girl instructed me to start fucking her friend’s pussy from behind, she jumped eagerly on the top and slipped my manhood into her friend’s soaking hot pussy. I fucked that bitch with my girl on top of her, so I could take turns banging their juicy muffs doggy style from behind. There is nothing more sensual than having sex with two girls. I was just watching my cock sliding in and out of their wet pussies, the cunt juice was dripping out of their squishy vaginas, dripping down each other slits and onto the floor. When I fucked my girl, her friend spread her ass with her hands, so hot! “Fuck yes, give me that dick, give me that dick deep in my pussy” my girl was yelling again. She squatted down, took my cock and shoved it into her hot, wet slit. Her juicy ass was riding my cock while she was licking her friend’s cunt. Watching my girl eat her first pussy pushed me over the edge. She had already come a few times. I was blowing wads of hot cum all over their faces and big titties! My cum filled their mouths and flowed down their cheeks.