This dude comes over to visit his girlfriend and since nobody answers the door, he walks in, as he usually does. She’s probably upstairs, listening to her jams or something, and can’t hear him calling. As he passes by the bathroom, he sees his girlfriend’s mom, a sexy blond cougar with big tits and a delicious bubble shaped ass! She’s cleaning the hot tub in a sexy tank top, tight denim shorts that hug every curve in her body, knee high socks and sneakers. What a bombshell! He’s so concentrated on her ass that he doesn’t even notice when she looks back and sees him there, staring at her booty! As it turns out, her daughter isn’t around, and she’s a cougar on the prowl, so she pounces on her prey, telling him not to be shy as she gets down on her knees and unzips his pants, grabbing his hard shaft in her hands and licking it, starting at the balls and going all the way up to the tip, catching that very first drop of precum with the tip of her slick pink tongue. She deep throats his hard cock and stops on her tracks when she hears her daughter downstairs. She’s looking for her boyfriend, but she tells her that she hasn’t seen him, she’s not ready to let go of her prey just yet! After sending her away, she drags him to her bedroom, throws him on her bed and continues sucking on his hard cock. Cherie is great as always, tits, legs, pussy to die for and she knows how to use a cock to get her fill of cum. She strips naked and gets down on her hands and knees so he can penetrate and fuck her doggie style from behind, pounding her tight mature snatch with that big throbbing erection. She can understand why her daughter is so into him, his dick is huge and he knows how to use it! She places it between her big tits so he can fuck them and spreads her legs so he can pound her hard in missionary position. She straddled herself on top so she can ride him, first in reverse cowgirl, then flipping over so he can enjoy her big tits while she enjoys his big juicy cock. After fucking her hard, she wants him to blow his creamy load all over her big tits and her slutty face, then he can go play with her daughter! Do not miss one second of this smoking hot MILF sucking and fucking like a true champ. Too bad they got caught with Cherie covered in man juice. 