To spice up their marriage, this dude came in with his beautiful blond wife for a couples massage. They put them side by side on massage tables and they are attended by a handsome male masseuse for his wife and a beautiful brunette for him. The brunette seems to really like her job and definitely gets into it, pouring oil all over her white top, removing it and shoving his face between her beautiful, big, slick tits! He munches on her delicious nipples while rubbing his cock, grabbing and squeezing her boobs, thankful that his wife has a blindfold covering her eyes, so she can’t see him having some sneaky sex with the naughty female masseuse! She tells him stay quiet, drooling all over his gorgeous member, stroking and sucking it while gently caressing his ball sack with her fingertips. She makes him lie flat on his back on the floor and squats over his towering dick, letting it sink inch by inch inside her tight cunt. She rides his cock in reverse cowgirl, rubbing her pussy while he plays with her big tits. Love that hairy pussy!! Delicious!! He’s blown away when she starts gushing from her pussy, squirting all over his cock and the massage parlor floor. His wife has never squirted in her life and this has been one of his ultimate fantasy and it’s finally coming true! As his wife is sleeping, she titty fucks his cock and sucks it nicely together with his balls. He gets back on the massage table and the masseuse climbs on top of his rod, bouncing up and down his lap while pushing his face against her chest so he can munch on her big titties. The male masseuse can’t believe what’s going on, as he continues rubbing down his naked wife, who remains clueless about her husband banging that sexy masseuse right next to her, LOL! He holds her juicy bubble butt in his hands, spreading her voluptuous ass cheeks apart as he penetrates her and drags her to the edge of the massage table, splitting her legs wide open and fucking her dripping wet cunt in missionary position. He pulls back and watches her masturbating, gushing even more pussy juices all over the damn place! Fortunately, none of her squirt juices get to his wife, not that will be fucking awkward! The more he fucks her, the more she squirts, and the more she squirts, the horny are she gets and the faster she cums! It’s getting pretty hard for him to keep up with her, but he just keeps pounding away at her dripping wet snatch and watching her gush all over the massage parlor while screaming at the top of her lungs. Inevitably, at some point his wife is going to wonder what all the screaming is all about, and when she pulls out her blindfold she’s going to get a chance to watch her loving drenched in squirt juices husband fucking a slut! Never trust a big butt and a smile! His wife doesn’t want to share his cock and grabs it and starts sucking it like crazy. How is this kinky story going to end? Download the full movie to see what happened next. Good fucking, great squirting, great natural tits, sexy bush, and a tight little pussy I could fuck for hours. I cant belive how hot this woman is. This scene is amazing. Even my girl liked watching. Dont miss more scenes like this! I love cheating and next to scenes!   Dont miss new porn site in REALITY KINGS family! The naughty girls you will find at Sneaky Sex simply love the thrill of sneaking behind their boyfriends, husbands and parents so they can get their hands on the big juicy cock, sucking and stroking it, getting their dripping wet pussies pounded hard and swallowing lots of cum! The thrill of getting caught turns them on! It excites them to sneak behind somebody else, and have hot lesbian sex, masturbate with sex toys, get fucked by their couple’s best friends behind their backs! With new sneaky girls and sneaky fucking videos added regularly, you are going to love this place!