Beautiful Brandi and hot Alexis take care of this unsatisfied Brazzers customer! This guy finds out his wife is going to be coming home late, he decides to log onto Brazzers for a bit of quality time with his favorite MILFs. He’s fucking horny and frustrated because the site is not working properly, so he can’t get off on his favorite porn! Brazzers is all about customer satisfaction, so when he called customer support, they dispatch two of the most beautiful and hot women on their team to make sure that this customer is satisfied! When he hears knocking at the door, he expects some geeky tech support guy, and his blown away when he finds beautiful busty blond Brandi Love in a tight pink top, and right behind her, breathtaking blond bombshell Alexis Fawx! The girls want to make sure he gets off, so they asked him to show them his throbbing erection, amazed with how big and hard it is. Poor guy, he could get blue balls any moment now so they need to act fast! The MILFs suck and stroke his meaty dick together as they strip naked on his couch. While Brandi continues working his sausage, he takes Alexis by her hips and holds her upside down as she deep throats his member! Talk about acrobatic sex! He fucks her mouth from this kinky position with Brandi licking and sucking on his balls, sending tingles up and down his spine. He sits Alexis on his face, so he can eat her out, munching on her delicious pussy while she munches on his cock. He’s seen her squirt on some of his favorite scenes, and now that she’s there, he wants to see it live! He holds her over his head with her legs spread wide open and Brandi rubbing her snatch just the right way to make her gush, squirting delicious pussy juice all over her face and body! Your cock will start gushing sperm like a geyser after this video. Brazzers did it again! These women are fuckin amazing. She can’t stop her mind-blowing orgasm, squirting juices in their mouths each time her body shakes. Her porn friend grabs the cock and forces it deep into her cunt and starts to move her hips up and down with both hands. As their bodies move perfectly together and with his dick deep inside her cunt, and his balls slapping against her big clit, her vagina bagins to squirt again! He slams his huge cock deep inside her squirting pussy harder and harder as she cums, rocking her hips wildly, screaming and cumming out of control. Alexis sits on his cock in reverse cowgirl and rides it while Brandi sits on his face and smothers him with her muff. Then Alexis lies on her back, with Brandi down on all fours on top of her, getting her dripping wet pussy fucked doggie style from behind. While he fucks her, Alexis plays with his cock and balls and her friend’s twat. His huge cock is sliding back and forth deep into her cunt and his balls are rubbing against her face, her mouth and her stuck out tongue!   Brandi wants to sit on his cock and get her cunt stuffed while Alexis plays with it and squats on top, getting finger fucked by her friend and costar. He fucks her with his cock, she fucks her friend’s cunt with her fingers, making her squirt too! He slams his cock deep and har inside her as she spreads her pussy lips open wide and squirts all over both of them. He puts this crazy babe sideways and pounds her hard from behind while enjoying her big tits, watching her massage her twat and squirt even more pussy juice all over his leather couch. Brandi munches on the puffy nipples on her friend’s big tits while watching her squirting all over the living room. After fucking them both, the member blows his load, blasting hot and creamy cum all over the girls’ big tits and dirty faces and watches them clean and it all up with their tongues! Now that he has first-hand experience of Brazzers top-notch customer support and total satisfaction guaranteed, he’s going to stay a lifetime member!