I misplaced my phone and I was looking all over for it, the last place where it could be with my stepsister’s room, so I decided to take a look there. I didn’t find my phone, but I did find hers, and decided to use it to call my phone, hear the ring tone and find it. To my surprise, I stumbled upon some pretty kinky pussy and dick pics in her phone! I was so busy checking the dirty pictures that I didn’t notice when she stepped back into the bedroom and found me with her phone in my hands. She was pretty embarrassed, especially since the pussy pics were hers. Since my dirty little stepsister like looking at cocks so much, I decided she should get a close up look at one. I told her to strip naked and show me her naked pussy. She pulled down her panties and she was nude, embarrassed and covering herself with only her hands. She was standing naked in front of me and I was staring at her shaved pussy. Her shaved pussy just screams “taste me, fuck me, come on in!” She said, “are you going to stare at it or are you going to do something?” My fingers crept to her wet pussy, sliding inside. My fat cock was pointing straight towards her. “Ok, lay on your back” and my step sister sat near me, took my cock in her hand, opened her mouth and placed it just over my cock. I was afraid I would cum instantly in her mouth as she was sucking and stroking my throbbing erection. Seeing all those dirty pictures of her had gotten my cock as hard as a motherfucking rock and I wanted her! Dirty little bitch got her pussy wet pretty fast and I lied flat on my back so she could straddle herself on top and stuff it with my fat dick. Looking down again I saw my penis head completely inside her pussy, I saw her pussy lips touching the sides of my penis shaft and folding slightly inwards as it continued to slide over my penis shaft. She was so fucking wet and tight, man! I rubbed her clit while she grind it herself against me and I could see inside of her lips. It was very pink and wet. Her perfect titties were bouncing right in front of my face as she moved up and down. I grabbed her tits, squeezing them in my hands and feeling those perky nipples getting hard. She moved faster and faster on my cock, pushed herself down onto my shaft, moaning nonstop. She smelled like an angel and the touch of her long, silky hair on my face was like electricity. I told my step sister to flip over and keep riding on my cock in reverse cowgirl so I could take a good look at her juicy bubble butt, fondling her butt cheeks and her ass hole while she bounced up and down my rod. Her ass cheeks looked amazing with my cock sliding between them. I flipped her over, putting her on her back and spread legged in her so I could fuck her in missionary position. I pounded her hard, listening to her moans and grunts as she kept begging me to fuck her deeper and harder.   She told me that she loved masturbating to all those dick pics her lovers sent her, but that she had never felt so turned on the right now, getting her little pussy fucked hard by her own stepbrother and that from now on the only cock pictures that she would be masturbating to would be my own. I told her that from now on she would send me pussy pics to my phone on a regular basis, getting me turned on so I could go to her bedroom whenever I felt like it and fuck her brains out. I continued fucking her hard, in every possible position I could come up with and I even took some pictures of her so I could jerk off to them later and pretty soon I was ready to blow my creamy load and make her swallow every single drop of it!  I realized that she was climaxing too as she was swallowing my sperm. That made my dick shoot again and again.