It’s a hail storm out there when this beautiful brunette shows up at her best friend’s house, totally soaked, her tank top sticking to her tits, her perky nipples showing through the drenched fabric. As it turns out, she got into a huge argument with her boyfriend, so she left his place and went to her friend’s house. Her friend invites her in, and helps her get out of those wet clothes and dry up in the bathroom. She’s looking so hot and sexy, she can help hugging her from behind, caressing her sexy hips and letting her know that everything is okay and she will take good care of her. The sexy babe gives in to her friend’s advances and the girls start making out, this is exactly what she needs right now! Her friend puts her on her back on the bathroom floor, pinning her shoulders as she raises her lower body and starts licking her wet pussy slit and her tight asshole! W woman knows better how to please another woman, using her tongue and lips. Her friend’s tongue is moving from her clit to her anus, sliding inside of her, caressing her, flicking in and out and teases her clit again. The girl fingers her muff while eating her out and she steps into the shower stall, leaning over so her friend can eat her out from behind while down on her hands and knees. Sexy naked babe grinds and swerves her juicy bubble butt, feeling that slick pink tongue wriggling inside her tight little asshole and her dripping wet slit. As she gets her pussy eaten out and plays with her big tits she looks over to the bathroom door and finds her friend’s boyfriend watching! She leaves her friend in the bathroom and heads to the bedroom, where her friend’s boyfriend is waiting for her with his throbbing erection in his hands. She gets down on her knees, sucking and stroking his delicious cock. Why worry about her loser boyfriend when a replacement cock is so easy to come by? He sits her on her lap and penetrates her muff, she bounces up and down his lap and when her friend walks in, she realizes how quickly her friend rebounds, LOL! That’s okay, she’s into that, so she joins them and two naked girls give him a double blowjob together. He puts the girls on all fours, side by side, and takes turns fucking their dripping wet pussies doggie style from behind! I love the ladies’ oral skills and their healthy figures. No bullshit… thank you Kardashians for making white girls want big buts. Seriously… thank you!!!! They have the hottest threesome ever and her boyfriend is the last thing on her mind! Don’t miss this amazing hardcore threesome! 