It was my first new year at campus and I thought I was going to spend it all alone in my dorm room, since all my friends and co-students were off to see their families, but then I got invited to a new years eve party hosted by the girls down the Hall! It was my first dorm New Years Eve party, so I didn’t really know what to look forward to, I just hoped I was going to have a good time. Bro, it turned out to be a reverse sausage party! Since all the guys were away I was the only dude in the party, surrounded by hot and beautiful girls that were eager to celebrate the new year what a blast… and a great fuck! The girls were all wearing skimpy outfits and I was filming them with my smart phone and when it was time to unwrap some presents, I put my dick inside a box! 1) Cut a hole in a box. 2) Put yo’ junk in that box. 3) Make her open the box. The naughty coeds absolutely loved it and wanted to play with it! The hot blond that unwrapped it started sucking and stroking it while the rest of her friends cheered her on. This bitch gave me incredible head, drooling all over my shaft to keep it well lubed and then they made me lie flat on my back and the girls started taking turns getting on top, straddling up and riding me like their favorite stallion at the all girl rodeo! The girls rode me spreading their juicy ass cheeks with their hands, exposing their tight little assholes, with all their dirty friends watching, eager to take their turn on top. I made some of the girls line up, don on their hands and knees, one next to the other, so I could fuck them doggie style from behind in turns. Eventually, another guy came around too, so we could take turns splitting up the slutty coeds and making sure the girls were all getting pleasured by our big juicy cocks! The hottest thing was that the girls left alone didn’t just sit back and watch, when our dicks were busy they would have the hottest lesbian sex with each other while masturbating themselves. There was sex in every single corner of their dorm room at this wild party! While I was fucking some naked girls from behind, eating some other girl’s pussy, the other guy had another chick bouncing up and down his shaft and two other naughty girls were tribbing, rubbing their dripping wet pussies one against the other, as if they were dry humping. I had girls piled up in a freaky 69, eating cunt while I plowed them from behind, they looked so sexy and beautiful. They even got freaky with the candy canes, inserting them in their pussies at one end and having the other girls sucking the other end! Even after blowing my creamy load all over them, this party was far from over, we were just getting started! Four naked girls with Christmas cum as decoration. 