Caught her stepsister and boyfriend in the garage and joined them in a threesome! This dude hates having to hang out with his girlfriend’s stepdad, since he doesn’t get to do any of the stuff he’d like to do to her, and have her do to him, if he wasn’t around! But her car is busted, and since he’s too cheap to pay for a mechanic, he’s trying to fix it by himself. He’s being under the car for the last 2 hours and it doesn’t look like he’ll get out anytime soon, so his slutty stepdaughter gets down on her knees, whips out her boyfriend’s huge sausage and starts giving him head in the garage, right next to her step daddy! Don’t miss one more sneaky scene! They managed not to get caught by him, but not by her stepsister! She walked in right in the middle of her stepsister sucking and stroking her boyfriend’s big throbbing erection and drooling all over it! She liked what she saw so much, that she invited herself to join them! After all, her stepsister couldn’t say anything without risking her stepdaddy finding out! He got out from under the car, telling them he was headed to the auto store to fetch some replacement parts for the broken down car. The slutty step sister was slobbering away on his cock while his girlfriend watched him fucking her mouth. She wanted her part in the action of this orgy. As soon as he left, the naughty sisters got down on their knees, sucking and stroking the boyfriend’s juicy cock together. The girls strip naked and he put his girlfriend against the hood of the car, fucking her willing cunt from behind and popping his meaty sausage into her stepsister’s mouth, who gave him a fabulous sloppy blowjob, with thick ropes of drool mixed with pussy juice and pre-cum dripping down her chin and his dick and all over the garage floor. He lied flat on his back and let the young naked girls straddle themselves on top and ride on his gorgeous erection while making out and having hot lesbian sex with each other, the many benefits of being stepsisters! He put them side by side and took turns banging their pussies from behind. He didn’t think this dull day hanging out with his girlfriend’s stepdad would turn out into a hot threesome with his girl and her stepsister right after blowing his load all over them, their stepdaddy returned and caught them red handed! Good thing he already came and could just get the shit out of there, LOL! 