This guy decides to hire a housekeeper to keep his big place nice and clean. She’s a sexy, tiny, blond girl and it just takes a couple of days for him to realize that she’s a keeper. Not only does she keep his home spanking clean, she also makes sure she keeps his huge cock clean with her fuck holes! When he gets back home after a long day at work, she’s ready to receive him, dropping to her knees so she can suck and stroke on his big throbbing member. She loves giving him a sloppy blowjob, thick ropes of saliva dripping down her chin while she gives him head. The little slut slaps her face with his dick, smearing his precum and her saliva all over her cheeks and forehead. Yeah, this young cunt likes getting very dirty before cleaning up the mess! She takes off her blue polka dotted dress and her sexy lingerie, she’s so fucking tiny and hot! Petite naked girl leans over the kitchen counter, spreading her cute ass cheeks with her hands, showing her boss her tender little asshole and dripping wet slit. He brings the couch close so she can get down on her hands and knees on it and he can penetrate and fuck her doggy style from behind. The teen girl loves feeling that massive cock pounding her ultra tight cunt, it feels so good! The first couple of times she thought he was going to literally split her in two, but now her tight cunt has gotten used to his huge dick stretching it out on a regular basis. He fucks her from behind, then stops, standing totally still. She knows what that means, it’s time for her to do the work, and she pushes her juicy bubble butt back against his cock. He straddles her on top, making her squat on his cock with her sexy ass facing him as she rides on his member. Naked girl flips over, so she can press her big tits against his face and he can lick and suck on her perky nipples while pounding her hard. She’s so light he can cradle her in his arms and fuck her while standing, and after plowing her hot muff he blows huge wads of hot cum all over her slutty face and naked body and watches her cleaning it all up with her tongue! 