I love my girlfriend, but I also love getting my dick sucked and she’s really bad at it! I don’t want to be the kind of guy that dumps a girl because of something that seems so trivial, but oral sex is very important for me and I wasn’t sure how much longer I could put up with this situation. Luckily, my loving girlfriend realized this, and she came up with an awesomely creative solution! She asked her best friend to teach her to suck my cock! Can you fucking believe that? Her friend is a sexy brunette and she was more than happy to help out with our problem in the bedroom. We got to work right away, I took off my clothes, and of course I already had a throbbing erection simply anticipating all the wild fun we were going to have! My girl was naked and on her knees and her friend still had her clothes on as she got by her side, placing four fingers into her mouth, teaching her how to control her gag reflex and build up a proper amount of drool to lube up my cock! She took my cock in her hands, gently slapping it against my girl’s outstretched tongue and rubbing it against her lips before taking it to her own and sucking it! While she deep throated my full erection, my girlfriend licked my balls. The brunette slobbered all over my shaft, spreading all that warm drool up and down my shaft as she stroked it and making my girl swallow it all the way down to the base! Man, I thought she was going to gag on it but she took it like a pro! My girl learns fast, bitch! They passed my cock back and forth, and I could tell her friend was getting really turned on! She made my girl spit on my cock while whispering dirty words to her ear, groping her tits while looking at me. It didn’t take long for them to pass from oral to sex! They strip totally naked and hopped on the bed, down on their hands and knees, side by side as I rammed my hard cock deep inside my girlfriend’s best friend’s dripping wet cunt and fucked her doggie style while she watched. Their delicious bubble butts look spectacular side-by-side and after banging them both from behind I put my girl in missionary, fucking her hard while her friend spit all over her cunt. She mounted her so I could keep fucking them both in tandem. My girlfriend’s pussy was totally shaved, but her friend’s had a sexy patch of pubic hair, what a turn on! After fucking them both I was ready to blow my load and they got on their knees and opened up wide so her best friend could also teach my girlfriend how to swallow! 