I was walking around the building early in the morning since I had the day off and I discovered that my neighbor’s daughter had a kink when I caught her masturbating in the hallway! Getting off in public places turns her on, and the excitement of getting caught, even more! I took her back to my place because she wanted to show me more! There she spread her legs and her tender pussy lips, letting me play with her clit and her dripping wet slit. I couldn’t wait to sink my tongue into her gash and taste those delicious gushing pussy juices as I ate her out. She spread her ass cheeks and I knew what that meant, this dirty little cunt wanted me to toss her salad, so I tongue fucked her tender little asshole, feeling her tight anal sphincter stretching out as I did so. It made her squirm! I put her on her knees and fed her my throbbing sausage. She gobbled it all up, thick ropes of spit dripping all over the living room floor. I like a girl that is not afraid to get sloppy during sex! After fucking her mouth I was ready to do the same to that tight pussy, so I made her lie flat on her back and spread her legs wide open, slowly introducing my throbbing erection to her gushing cunt. She was so motherfucking tight, it almost felt as if I was fucking her asshole instead of her snatch! Her pussy muscles tighten up around my shaft, squeezing it and sucking it in, fabulous sensation! I started slow and gentle, picking up speed and tempo as her pussy loosened up and the fact that she lubricated so much really helped because pretty soon I was pounding her muff fast and steady! After fucking her in missionary position, I straddled her on my lap, banging her hard and making her ride on my sausage. I pressed her body against mine, putting her tits on my mouth and sucking on her puffy nipples, feeling her gushing pussy juices dripping from her cunt and all over my dick and balls. I spread eagled her and pushed my dick as deep inside her snatch as possible, giving her a deep fucking before cumming all over her slutty face and making her swallow my jizz! 