This woman has a dirty secret: she’s been fucking her female lover behind her husband’s back. The two busty girls are 69ing on her marital bed, eating each other’s pussy and ass when her husband comes back home from the office. She quickly hides her in the bathroom and when this dude comes into the room he is surprised to find his beautiful mature busty wife completely naked in the bedroom. Wow, she seems to be ready for a nooner! That’s not something that happens every day, but he’s not complaining! She gets down on her hands and knees on their bed and urges him to pull down his pants so she can suck and stroke his big fat sausage. So fucking weird! She never ever initiate sex with him! Matter of fact, he usually has to practically beg for it! She deep throats his hefty sausage and even lets him fuck her mouth. Once she’s done with him, she leaves him exhausted on the bed and dashes to the bathroom. No wonder, she has a lesbian lover hidden there! The busty naked girls get in the shower together, lathering up their hot body, soaping and scrubbing their huge tits and juicy bubble butts while making out. Her lover gets behind her, kissing her neck and shoulders while massaging her big tits. These two big boobied hot women just can’t keep their hands off each other! The scene with two naked girls taking shower together is amazing. It’s something to see their big tits rubbing against each other. Yes, she loves her husband and she adores his big fat cock, but she also loves pussy and that’s something he just can’t give her, so once in a while, she needs to have him on the side, LOL! After getting blown, her husband needs to pee, so he enters the bathroom and finds his hot naked wife getting her pussy eaten out by another hot chick in the shower! Busted! He’s not upset, right now, he just wants them to keep on while he watches and jerks off! This is kinky and new, they have never been in a three some before! She sucks and strokes her husband’s cock while watching him making out with her lesbian lover, munching on her big tits and sucking on her puffy nipples. She sits by the edge of the shower stall, spreading her legs and masturbating herself while her lesbian lover straddles herself on her husband’s lap and rides him in reverse cowgirl. She gets close, so she can grab her tits and play with them while enjoying her man’s huge cock stuffing her tight cunt. They get out of the shower and a lesbian lover lies flat on her back, getting her pussy fucked missionary style by the husband while the wife sits on her face and gets her pussy licked by her. The girls switch positions, she wants to feel her husband’s dick inside her after having fucked her lesbian lover, and to taste his cock in her lover’s pussy while eating her out, fucking together in a frantic threesome that ends with him blowing his creamy load all over their big tits. As it turns out, just like she needs some pussy, her lesbian lover also needs some cock, and her husband sure can do with a hot threesome every now and then! This worked out perfectly for all parties involved, LOL!   Pov, risky, sneaky, cheating and almost caught sex! Brazzers is hands down the world’s best HD porn site, offering you the most exclusive videos on the web! You’ll have access to all the big tits, hot asses and hot pussies you could ever dream! Watch the hottest MILFs, sexy babes and young teens sucking huge cocks, getting their pussies fucked hard and swallowing lots of cum at the end! These guys are the most famous in the world and they are trendsetters in the Adult biz. If you are looking for the craziest porno you only need to look in one place and one place only, Brazzers!