Most single guys I know hate hanging out at the laundry while waiting for their clothes to wash and dry, but I just love it. Here I get to meet the most interesting people, and some pretty hot girls! Just the other day, I saw this sexy brunette curly haired teen stealing other girls’ clothes from the washing machines when they weren’t looking! Since most of the people just leave their clothes washing and drying and come back for them later, she thought she was alone, and when she saw me, she figured out I was going to tell on her. When one of the girls came back, she hid behind a dirty clothes cart, and while the poor girl asked me about her missing clothes, this naughty slut unzipped my shorts and started sucking and stroking my throbbing cock! Can you fucking believe that? She left, looking for the laundry thief, and I put this sexy girl over one of the counters, pulling her big tits over her top and spreading her legs wide open so I could pound her dripping wet muff with my meaty sausage. We were both pretty turned on from sneaking behind the other poor girl and fucking in this public laundry made us horny as hell! This dirty little slut rubbed and fingered her hairy muff as I fucked her against the dryers. Nowadays, girls are always shaving her pussy, so it’s nice to see a chick with a hairy cunt and a thick pubic bush. I lied flat on my back on the floor and the young slut squatted over my cock, her juicy bubble shaped ass was facing my way as she inserted my huge cock into her tight cunt, riding me in reverse cowgirl. I grab the nearby chair and made her kneel over it, penetrating and fucking her from behind. Then I got back on the floor so the teen girl could continue riding my cock in cowgirl position, watching her beautiful big tits while she fingered her muff and begged me to keep fucking her deeper, harder and faster. She wanted to cum before the other girl came back and caught us banging! Watching her bouncy tits made my dick throb, I groped and squeezed them and pretty soon I was blowing hot cum all over them and we managed to leave the Laundromat before getting caught! 