My sister has a busty friend and I love spying on her every time she comes over to our house. She’s fucking gorgeous, and her tits are so big and plum, her ass is big and juicy, she gets my dick hard just thinking about her! I hide under my sister’s bed while they talk about guys, sex and dicks and I can see her perky nipples showing through the fabric of her top, what a turn on! Unfortunately, my sister sat on her bed, blowing my cover! She sent me to my bedroom, where I started jerking my cock, fantasizing with my sister’s friend. Thing is, I forgot to close the door! When I opened my eyes, there she was, my sister’s friend, checking me out while I masturbated! She motioned me to stay quiet and without saying a word, she straddled herself on top, pushing my throbbing erection inside her dripping wet snatch! I couldn’t believe I was actually banging my sister’s busty friend! My dirtiest sex fantasy was coming through! I pulled her tank top up, I needed to see those big tits up close, grope them, squeezed them! She took my cock in her hands, stuffing her wet mouth with it, giving me head so it would get bigger and harder in her mouth, lubing it up with her warm saliva. I held her head with my hands, fucking her mouth with my cock, just like I had seen in so many porn movies online! I put her sideways on my bed, raising one of her legs and fucking her very hard. She was wearing these sexy striped knee-high socks and she looked so damn hot! She rubbed her clit while I banged her, and played with her big tits as I fingered and massaged her pink pussy burger. I even jammed all five fingers inside her! Fucking hot! She begged me to fist her! Fuck, this was getting nastier by the second! I had never done this before, but there I was, my entire fist wrist deep inside my sister’s friend’s clam! When I took it out, she popped my fingers into her mouth, sucking on them like a depraved nymphomaniac. She ordered me to lie flat on my back, straddling herself on top, her delicious bubble shaped ass facing my way as she rode my cock in reverse cowgirl. She continued rubbing her pussy while riding me, and I reached over so I could grab and squeeze her big tits. I pressed her beautiful naked body against my own, pounding her as hard and as fast as I could. I wanted this hot fuck to last forever, but I knew at some point this sexy busty bitch was going to make me blow my load! We both wanted it real bad at this point! She said she wanted my cum all over her big tits so I made sure to glaze them with my hot cum! 