Her parents know their 18 year old daughter is a horny teenager who would do anything for a big, hard cock! But even if they can stop her from finding big dicks, there’s nothing they can do to stop the big dicks from finding her. This beautiful blond is finger fucking her pussy, spreading her pink lips, massaging her anus, fondling her clit, fantasizing about man’s hands on her tiny body, caressing her and then fucking her hard, filling her young vagina with hot, fresh cum. Meanwhile a horny, hung burglar breaks in and spies on her as she masturbates herself in bed. Her slit is so slippery and wet as she rubs and massages it, eyes closed, baited breath, her body squirming with lust. He knows of a young girl’s fantasy, a HUGE COCK, that makes a pink, meaty cunt gushes and drips with pussy juices. And the burgal is going to make her fantasy cum true. Watching this young naked girl masturbating herself so shamelessly gets his dick is throbbing hard. When the girl opens her eyes, she sees the masked man aiming at her naked body with a flashlight! She tries to run away but the burglar grabs her and tosses her on the bed. Looks like she will finally get the hard fuck she’s been dreaming about! What a turn on, he’s making her fantasy come true! He ties her wrists to each side of the bed and initiates a slow, erotically charged exploration of her naked body. She can feel the tip of his tongue climbing inch by inch from her sensitive young pussy and up her abdomen and chest. The thrilling sensation of being touched by a stranger is mounting. Her mouth is already open as he thrusts it down her throat. He sits on top of her, pulling down his pants, pulling out his huge throbbing erection, it’s tip already glistening with precum. He rams it down her throat, making her gag and choke on it as he forces it down, making her drool as he pulls it out of her mouth. His hand is between her legs feeling her wetness. His other hand spreads her warm saliva all over her cute face and her titties, stripping her naked and blindfolding her. A huge wave of electricity overtakes her young body. This horny young girl is really working on his huge cock, she is sucking and swalloing it like a possessed woman. She can’t take it anymore. Nothing better than a cum thirsty young teen! He spreads her legs wide open and rubs his hard cock up and down her wet slit, making her beg for it repeatedly before ramming it deep inside her cunt and pounding her hard in missionary position. Her little pussy is so tight and the burglar makes slow movements at first, and then fast, deep thrusts, pounding his giant dick very deep into her body. He holds her by the neck, she loves being restrained while plowed. He kisses her deeply, removing the blindfolds so she can look into his eyes behind his mask as he continues fucking her relentlessly. He releases her from her restraints, pulling her body to the edge of the bed, drilling her cunt as she grabs on tight to the bed sheets. She begs her masked lover to continue pounding her hard like a dirty little whore! He flips her over, burying her face between the sheets while fucking her from behind, feeling her pussy gushing with every single thrust of his rock hard erection. Sweat pours down their naked bodies as they fuck.   He lets the girl straddle herself on top and take control, at least for a few minutes. The young blonde girl with perky breasts and a tight pussy rides on his engorged member, rubbing her clit as waves of pleasure and lust invade her body. She wants to be impaled on his erection until her unknown lover is finally ready to cum. She is moaning and groaning in delight as she feels her virginity fully taken! She wants to be filled with cum! Then the young nympho feels his cum flooding her vagina, his cum shooting deep inside. He’s squeezing her buttocks hard, his slippery sperm is oozing out around his thrusting penis, his wet balls is slapping against her, more hot cum is pouring out of her pussy. He continues to fuck her, unable to stop.