This dude wakes up early in the morning and gets to work on his laptop while having breakfast in the kitchen. His son’s girlfriend is sleeping over, and since they usually stay in bed until late in the morning, he appreciates the silence that allows him to catch up with work. But, much to his surprise, his son’s girlfriend woke up early and very hungry… for his cock! She crawls under the table in her skimpy pink bra and thong, grabbing his cock over his shorts and feeling that big throbbing bilge in her hands. He knows he shouldn’t, she is, after all, her son’s girlfriend. Yet, she’s so fucking hot and slutty, he just can’t help himself. He just hopes his son doesn’t wake up while he’s getting his dick blown by his girlfriend! This slut sucks and strokes his big long dick, popping his balls into her mouth and giving them a good licking. After deep throating his cock, she gets on the table, spreading her legs and asking the dad fuck the shit out of her! He pounds her young wet cunt in missionary position, making her rub her pussy while slapping her thighs, sucking her toes and putting his hand over her mouth, muffling her screams of pleasure so they don’t wake up her boyfriend, his son. He spits on her face and shoves his tongue down her throat, because she’s a filthy slut and she likes it rough and dirty and her boyfriend doesn’t give her this kind of sex like his daddy does. He finger fucks her until she squirts into his hands and he drips all that squirt juice into her open mouth, spreading it over her face and body, slapping and spanking her. Her body and pink top are drenched in her sweat and her gushing pussy juices as her boyfriend’s father fucks the living shit out of her! He turns this sexy babe over so he can keep fucking her beautiful pink pussy from behind and she massages his shaft while he’s penetrating her. He fucks her in many different positions all over the kitchen, eating her out and making her suck his cock, finally blowing all his creamy load into her filthy mouth. By the time her boyfriend wakes up, he finds his dad and his naked girlfriend licking the juices and cum of his cock. 