These three sexy girls live together and since they are having problems paying the rent, they invite their next-door neighbor over. He is a professional poker player, and they want him to teach them how to play, so they can go to a casino and raise the money they need to make rent. After teaching them, he puts them to the test, and since the girls have no money to bet, they bet their pussies… and lose! The girls strip naked and make him sit comfortably on the couch, giving him an amazing triple blowjob! He has three pretty faces directly underneath and in front of his cock. Three teen sluts suck his big throbbing erection and lick his balls. The girls are drooling all over his big dick, and one of the girls squats on top of his cock, impaling her tight cunt on it and making her sexy nude body bounce up and down his rod while the other girls watch and wait for their turn. They caress her body while she gets fucked and another one of the girls climbs on top of the poker table and sits on the player’s face so he can eat her out while banging her good friend. The naughty girl getting her pussy licked moves over so the third girl can also have some fun eating her out, she spreads her legs so she can feel her slick tongue fucking her twat. They change positions, one girl flat on her back, getting her pussy licked by her friend, bending over while getting her pussy fucked from behind by the poker player while the third girl squats over the girl on the table, getting her muff fingered and licked. After fucking like this for a while, it’s time for another one of the girls to enjoy that big cock. She spreads her legs over the poker table, getting her pussy rubbed by the poker player while he fucks her in missionary position. She fingers and licks one of her friend’s pussies while the other one gropes down on her hands and knees, playing with her big tits and sucking on her puffy nipples. She loves getting her pussy toyed and fingered by her slutty friends while that big juicy cock pumps her so good. The naked girls stack cards, chips and bills over her body, the thrill of the game and the high stakes has their adrenaline rushing and proves to be an excellent aphrodisiac. The poker player sits on the chair and one of the girls straddles herself atop, riding him in cowgirl position, pressing her beautiful tits against his face while the other naked girls circle around them, touching, caressing, fondling, kissing and licking them. The player has always considered himself a very lucky man at the game, but this is probably one of his best wins ever and he tops it off by spray lots of hot and creamy cum all over the naughty girls’ faces I will gladly help them make rent if they can beat him in a new game!   RealityKings give you the hottest, sexiest and horniest young girls ever. Don’t miss more reality porn with these hot teen girls, sneaking around behind their parents and their boyfriends and almost getting caught, sucking huge cocks, masturbating themselves, having hot lesbian sex with their best friends or their stepmothers, getting their pussies destroyed very hard by huge cock and getting their yonug pussies filled with hot cum! This is reality porn and this is like nothing you’ve seen before! These young teen girls will show us how much they adore huge cocks, sacrificing their virgin pussies for a sweet taste of a huge cock. 