She always closes the shower stall door before getting ready for her massage. Still, for some reason, today she decided not to do so. While she soaps up her delicious naked body and perfect bubble shaped ass, he battle against the temptation of watching. He has been her massage therapist for a month now, and he’s always managed to remain professional. Yes, she has flirted with him many times before, but never like this, never so shamelessly. He just can’t help himself, he has to whip out his smart phone and snaps some pictures of her naked in the shower. The hot water and lather running down the sensual curves of her beautiful ass mesmerize him. This babe has absolutely amazing big natural tits! When she walks out of the shower, wrapped in a towel, she finds and waiting for her, the massage table already set up. She usually lets him cover her before removing it. Not today. She drops the towel and he gulps, fixated on her big tits, her hot curves, her mouth watering ass, her long sexy legs, her pubic triangle, as she lies belly down over the massage table. He rubs her naked skin with essential oils, kneading her thighs and listening to her moaning and grunting. She’s usually quiet. Not today. He massages her buttocks and spreads them wide open, seeing the crack of her ass, her tender little asshole and her pink pussy burger. She turns over and he works on her tits, he squeezes them hard, treats them like pizza dough. Her breasts are oiled up, manipulated, and jiggled around. His hands seem to have a mind of their own, a very dirty mind. He feels her hands around his pants, pulling them down. His cock springs out like a jack in the box and she catches it with her open mouth, sucking and stroking his throbbing erection. He massages her pussy while she blows him, then bends this hot naked babe over his table and pounds her tight muff from behind. She straddles herself on top, riding his hard cock over the massage table. Her massage therapist lets her just ride his huge cock with the goal of having as many orgasms as possible. She presses her big tits against his face so he can suck on her puffy nipples. She grinds her delicious ass against his hard cock and he pounds her sideways from behind, spreading her legs in missionary. Like a piston in an overheated engine, his long cock rams in and out of her wet cunt. He massages her vagina with his hot cock and finally blows his load all over her big tits. So much for remaining professional, LOL! 