My girlfriend is a beautiful Asian lady and I think she’s the sexiest girl ever! I just got her a scooter as a gift and as soon as she unwrapped it she started riding around the apartment on it, wearing a tight white tank top, a red thing and cute striped red and white knee high socks. Fuck, did she look sexy! So sexy and amazing, I decided to record her with my video camera. This got her in a very playful mood, pulling her top down to show me her beautiful tits and get them on film. Most asian girls are kinda flat, but not my girl, she’s stacked with nice big titties! I’m quite possibly the luckiest man in the world. She loves to tease me with her spectacular boobs. She was rubbing her tits, both of them were in full view. She was rubbing her crotch through the thin material of her thong. She slid her hand down to her pussy, her fingers rubbing back and forth across her clit. Her other hand caressed and squeezed her breasts. She had always been proud of the roundness and size of her breasts. She got down on her hands and knees pulling down her thong and showing off her sexy ass. She sat down by the side of the bed, undoing my pants and whipping out my throbbing sausage, popping it into her mouth for a hot blowjob. She was stroking it with both hands and sucking on it nice and slow, eyes closed, fully focused on the task. She stripped naked, except for her striped socks. I lie flat on my back and my sexy girlfriend straddled herself on top, guiding my hard cock into her wet cunt and making her sexy Asian body bounce up and down my lap, riding my dick in cowgirl position. She spread her legs and leaned her body back, rubbing her shaved pussy while she was riding me. She grabbed her big bubble tits and played with them, pressing them together and feeling her hardened nipples with her fingertips. I nearly came, thinking about me girl masturbating her clit mere inches from my eyes. After a while, she got back to sucking my cock, she always says that it turns her on tasting her pussy juices mixed with my precum. She laid flat on her back and so I can fuck her in missionary position. Here she was, on her back with her knees up next to her shoulders, displaying her pussy openly, offering it for the taking. “Fuck me” she begged, letting a finger slide between her pussy lips and gently drawing little circles around her clit. As she said please I shoved the full length of my cock into her vagina and began pumping in and out, sending shock waves through her body. She rested her feet against my abs while I was banging her, looking straight into my eyes while rubbing her slit. Her hips began to push up and meet my thrusts. She wrapped her legs around my back as we were fucking each other. I always thought that Asian girls were shy, but my girl is anything but. She likes being very provocative and is so creative when it comes to sex. She loves masturbating herself and fucking with me and she doesn’t have any inhibitions in front of the camera.   She loves watching us fucking afterwards, and even lets me share our homemade fucking videos with my friends, so they can get jealous of the hot Asian girlfriend that I have, LOL! I popped my cock between her tender butt cheeks, penetrating her tight Asian pussy and banging her doggie style from behind. She has a beautiful butt, perfectly round, and while I fuck her I enjoy watching her delicious little asshole. I held her by the small of her back while pushing my fat cock in and out of her juicy snatch, listening to her sexy moaned and grunted. She likes to spread her ass cheeks wide open with her hands, so I can penetrate her even deeper. But even more she loves to suck my hot throbbing cumming cock! She can take a cock down in her throat and suck cum out till she floats! 