I work at a security and surveillance store, where we sell all types of security and surveillance video cameras. I love my job, because I get to work with a couple of sexy chicks and when the boss is not watching, we have lots of fun, nasty fun! One of the girls is a spunky brunette with glasses and the other a tiny little slut, she’s like our apprentice because she’s the most recent hire, but don’t misjudge her, she’s a real fire starter. The boss isn’t around and we are ready for some kinky fun, and since we have so many cameras around, we like to record over little work parties! The brunette and I help our apprentice off her top and bra, the stunning brunette still can’t get over her gorgeous tiny titties. She likes having us licking and sucking on her perky nipples. She is fucking incredible! Love that tight little body and her sexy nipples! The tiny cutie gets down on her knees and starts sucking and stroking my throbbing erection while the other girl takes off her clothes. She enjoys touching the both of us while the little bitch is giving me head and now that she’s totally naked, I bend her over a stool and fuck her dripping wet little pussy from behind. The brunette grabs her juicy bubble butt and spreads her ass cheeks wide open so I can pound her even deeper while she moans and grunts. While I’m fucking her from behind, the sexy babe is playing with her nice big tits, her panties round her thighs as she massages her delicious muff in front of the camera. She leans over, kissing the petite slut’s face, neck and shoulders, so fucking sexy watching these two naked girls making out while I’m banging one of them! I sit down and she squats on my cock, riding me in reverse cowgirl. I push her body up and down my rod grabbing her by her buttocks, then I fuck her some more against the stool while she rubs her cunt. The coworker watches from close up, rubbing the apprentice’s tiny titties and squeezing them while she gets fucked hard by me. Beautiful girl with a hot little body, love that tight ass and awesome nipples on smaller tits. After giving my girls an intense fuck I pull out of their gushing muffs, spray lots of hot and sticky cum all over their faces, cleaning all up just in time before the boss is back! 