I have always admired porn movie directors and one of my dream was filming my own porn video with two smoking hot young girls and I finally found a couple of virgins, a sexy blond and a brunette, willing to get their cherry popped on film! I set up my cameras in the bedroom and waited for the girls to arrive. They both looked gorgeous! The blond was wearing a sexy tank top and a denim skirt, and the brunette a cute pink sundress. The girls sat on the bed and as soon as I hit record they started kissing in front of the camera. The brunette took the lead, stripping the blond and letting her remove her clothes. The brunette laid on the bed, spreading her long sexy legs so the blond could play with her pussy while I filmed them. The blonde darted her slick pink tongue in and out of the other girl’s slit while fingering it and after watching them for a while I decided to join in. The girls got down on their knees, the naughty blond sucking my cock while the brunette watched with an eager expression on her face. The girls had never enjoyed giving oral sex before. Of course her friend wanted to try my dick too. It was her first time to touch a penis. The girls were inexperienced but they licked it. They kissed, their tongues entwining, then parting and licking back down to the base of my shaft. After this, young naked girls got on the bed. The brunette laid flat on her back and spread her legs, as I penetrated her in missionary position and the blonde sat on her face so she could eat her out. She squirmed as I popped her cherry and felt that ultra tight pussy loosening up with every thrust of my hard cock. One down, one to go, LOL! The blonde got down on her hands and knees, now it was her turn to eat out the brunette’s snatch while I took her virginity doggie style from behind. Her pussy was nice and tight to, stretching out as I banged her hard. Next the blonde stood and leaned over, getting her muff and ass licked from behind by the brunette as I banged her hard in cowgirl position. These girls may have been virgins, but filthy ones at that! We continued banging in front of the camera until I was ready to cum, spraying hot spunk all over their sexy faces and watching them swallowing every single drop! What an awesome video we made together! 