I saw this drop dead gorgeous blonde with short hair having a coffee while sitting on one of the tables on the sidewalk in a local café and I just had to approach her. She had a sensational body and long sexy legs and it didn’t take me long to figure out she could use some extra cash, since she’s a college student working a part-time job as a waitress. I offered her some cash to see if he dared flashed me her tits. She agreed, pulling down on this sexy red crop top she was wearing and showing me some boobs! Hot! The naughty smile on her face let me know that aside from the money, she really enjoyed flashing her titties in public! That’s the kind of reaction I’m looking for! I told her that the more she was willing to show me, the more money I was willing to give her, which led us to a quiet back alley where she pulled her tank top all the way up, exposing her beautiful tits while tugging down on her denim shorts, given me a glimpse of her beautiful pink pussy burger and pubic bush. I loved what I saw, nowadays girls are always shaving her pussy, so it’s nice to see a little bit of bush once in a while. She was getting into this whole making easy money thing, so I didn’t have to sweet talk her a lot to get her on her knees, sucking and stroking my throbbing erection. She held still for a moment as if getting used to the idea of giving blowhob to a stranger then grabbed my cock. We were actually right next to this house with the window blinds wide open, and this sexy slut giggled at the idea that he could be watching us, fucking hot! I love crazy bitches like that! This didn’t stop her one bit, on the contrary, it got her even more turned on as she deep throated my cock and I got down on the floor so she could straddle herself on top. She reached between her legs and pulled her panties aside, then started to rub my cock on her wet pussy. She popped my meaty sausage between her pussy buns, lowered her body until she had me completely buried in her and started riding me cowgirl style. I couldn’t believe this was happening, I was fucking some strange girl outdoors. She pulled her top up exposing her perky breasts. I was watching at my cock sliding in and out of her vagina and the shaggy hair on her pubes covered by her panty. It was a small bush that made her pussy look great. She writhed and ground down on me like she was in the throes of a seizure. I was holding her by the pelvis to keep myself in as deep as possible. She was moaning and grinding her pelvis against my cock. The people walking on the street might hear. She bit her finger, but still she made sounds. After a while she flipped over for some reverse cowgirl fucking, and man, the view of her beautiful bubble shaped butt was simply awesome! She had her cotton panties pulled down her thighs and the crack of her ass was spread wide open, her puckered little asshole contracting with every thrust of my hard cock inside her muff. I slapped her ass, motioning for her to get on her back so I could spread her legs wide open and give her a nice fucking in missionary position.   She kept her legs spread with one of her hands and massaged her titties with the other ones, letting me know that she wanted me to make me cum! It didn’t take her long to achieve her goal. She was lost in her lust, being fucked by a strange man and begged me to cum in her! “Do you want it?” “God yes,” she said between clenched teeth. I plunged my length into her throbbing pussy one last time and held it depositing my load deep in her vagina. I held her tight as my balls were unloading in her. Her legs were trembling with pleasure and I could see our juices mingling as they dripped out of her and down her legs. I pulled out my cock of her and hot and sticky cum ran out of her swollen pussy, nasty! The teen slut slowly took me in her mouth and licked me clean, my thighs, balls, and my shaft.