I was playing some ball in my yard and I kicked it too hard, sending it flying over the fence and into my neighbor’s yard. I didn’t think anybody was home so I jumped over the fence to see if I could find my ball in my neighbor’s yard. I didn’t find the ball, but I did find my hot next-door neighbor practicing her yoga in her living room. She was wearing this sexy gym clothes, it’s G-string dug into the crack of her sexy ass and as she skipped rope, her tits popped out of her pink top, bouncing up and down as she exercised! I got so horny that I couldn’t resist whipping out my throbbing erection and jerking off while watching her. I tripped and fell, stumbling into her living room with my dick in my hands, now that’s awkward! As I excused myself, her eyes were locked on my cock and balls and she squatted, took it in her hands and started giving me one hell of a blowjob, sucking and stroking my member like a porn star. I lied flat on my back over her yoga mat and the horny slut straddled herself on top, her delicious ass was facing my way as she rode my hard cock in reverse cowgirl. I couldn’t believe it! Her tits were flying, her hair was flying, she was slapping both her tits. I thought to myself, “Man! dame, she is good… she is riding me like a horse.” I put my hot naked next-door neighbor sideways on the couch in her living room and continued banging her, my hands were all over her delicious body, grabbing those big tits and that hot ass. I grab those ripe melons and pushed them to her mouth, looking at her sucking on her own nipples while moaning and grunting like a lustful whore. She put her hand between her legs, rubbing her cunt while I continued to plow her. I put my thumb in her mouth and she sucked on it, nasty little oral slut. I had a great time squeezing those big juicy grapefruits. Yeah, I lost my ball, but her boobs were an excellent replacement and much more fun to play with, LOL! I spread her legs and fucked her in missionary position while she fingered her snatch and pressed her nice jugs together. As I pulled out of her cunt I sprayed my hot and sticky cum all over her tits and she told me I could come over to “look for my ball” any time!  