I was a bit surprised when I came back home at night after hanging out with my friends and found my stepsister Megan in my bedroom. She was wearing a pair of cotton panties and a white tank top, what she usually wears to sleep, and by the look of it, she was ready to sleep in my bedroom. She explained to me that her room had mold in it. She has asthma, so it makes sense that she just can’t sleep in a moldy room. Fuck it, I guess I was going to have to sleep with her tonight. My bed is quite small, so we spent the night rubbing up against each other in our sleep and when I woke up early in the morning I had the biggest and hardest morning wood ever! I looked over and my stepsister was still asleep, she looks so fucking hot and sexy! I couldn’t help myself, reaching under her tank top and caressing her soft titties. As soon as I touch them, she started moaning and I felt her nipples hardening up. She reached her hand out, took my cock and begins stroking it. I thought she could be doing this in her sleep, but when she mentioned how hard my cock was, I knew she was awake and enjoying this as much as me. I kept playing with her tits while she jerked me off, grinding her nice butt in those sexy tight cotton panties. I started grabbing her ass and she spread her legs so I could also grab her pussy. Fuck, her cotton panties were drenched in her pussy juices already! Fucking hot! My hand slid slowly down her stomach, over her smooth pubic mound down to her clit. A finger slid down to separate her lips slightly. My finger slid easily into her wet slit. A quick mutual masturbation, my cum on her ass and toweling off with her panties. That was what I had thought my horny step sister wanted. Then I realized that she intended to prolong the sex morning. Later on she called me over to her bedroom where she was waiting for me wearing nothing but a sexy pink top. She wanted me to finger her dripping wet pussy again until I made her cum! She said she liked to play with herself but my fingers in her vagina felt much better. My fingers worked several slow circles around her clit then dragged slowly along the slit between her legs to the entrance of her pussy. With my thumb, I began to apply mounting pressure over her clit, rubbing gently. Pussy juices began to leak out and drip onto her anus as she squirmed from the feeling. She gave me quite a view, pulling her lips full apart and showing me her little pink clit and rubbing it between her fingers, at the same time explaining how she masturbates. A couple of hours later, she invited herself into my bedroom, crawled on to my bed and begins sucking and stroking my hard cock! This time it didn’t stop there. My step sister said she wanted me to put it in her mouth, feel my hard cock rubbing her against pussy walls and hot cum shooting deep inside her!!!   My cock was so large that it was a challenge for her just to get the head in her mouth. Her tongue was making continuous circles on the head of my cock while she was trying to deepthroat it. Then she straddled herself on top. She reached between her legs, spread her cunt lips, and slowly lowered herself onto his cock. She moaned when it split her open and slid into her. “Oh!” she gasped. She stuffed her tight muff with my dick, riding me with a dirty look on her face. She rubbed her pussy while bouncing on my shaft, her top pulled over her titties as she told me how long she had been fantasizing with fucking my cock! As it turns out, there was never any mold in her bedroom, she just wanted an excuse to spend the night with me! Of course I wasn’t upset with her, quite the contrary! We never really did get along, but now that I was fucking her, it was a totally different story! I put her flat on her back, spread her legs wide open and fucked her delicious cunt in missionary position, making her beg for it as I blasted hot cum all over her!