The sexy girls in this team are pretty excited as they make their way back to the locker room after winning the tournament and bringing the trophy back with them. As the college girls take off their sweaty uniforms, they gather around their hard earned trophy, kissing it as they start celebrating their victory. Five young naked girls on their knees with their sexy ass high in the air, exposing their beautiful pussies. It’s a celebration of their unity as a team. Two of the girls start making out while the rest of the team watches them, they looked so fucking hot and sexy. It doesn’t stop there, one of them leans back, spreading her legs wide open so her friend can lick her dripping wet snatch. The rest of the girls do the same, forming an exquisite circle, each girl licking them muff of the teammate next to her. All that adrenaline from the game and their victory turns into raw sexual energy that must be released. The naughty girls breakout the vibrators and sit together, masturbating as a group. They apply several toys at once to their pussies, and those girls left toyless use their fingers to satisfy themselves and their teammates. The team’s MVP gets special treatment, three dildos applied to her dripping wet muff while the naked girls lick her hardened nipples and give her their full attention. They don’t stop until she experiences an intense orgasm, then they move on to the next girl. Every one of them will get their chance to explore and enjoy their sexuality in hot lesbian action. The girls help each other into the kinkiest positions, penetrating their tight slits with the pussy juice soaked sex toys. Each orgasm is stronger than the one before and soon the girls lose count of how many times they have climaxed. It doesn’t matter, there is no need to keep score this time. The girls spread their legs wide open, pressing them against her body while their teammates fuck their twats with the vibrating dildos. Two of the girls get pleasured at the same time by the remaining three of the group, watching each other getting toy fucked and masturbated. They have the entire locker room to themselves and they wonder if the losing team is getting over their defeat in the same way they are celebrating their victory. Who knows, maybe they’ll give them a call and invite them over to join their wild lesbian sex orgy, winners and losers entwined in a sea of hot naked bodies, dripping wet cunt, slick tongues darting in and out of hot mouths, tight assholes and pink slits. One of the five girls grabs a strap on cock and straps it around her waist, using it to fuck the other girls. More toys come into play, with lots of hot cunnilingus, annilingus and strap-on anal! This is what I’ve been waiting for for the last who knows how long! One of the girls fucks her friend in the ass with strap-on dildo when the other her friend fucks her from behind with the same dildo! The dirty girls will fuck each other’s tight little anuses with huge rubber cocks in the locker room until the crack of dawn, that’s what winning is all about! One of the best female orgies ever. 