This couple is so damn hot! They love to fuck all over their house, and the wife is often too tired afterwards to clean the house since she’s always fucking so they decide to hire a maid to do the dirty work for them. Janice is a sexy blonde and she replies to their ad and gets called over to their home for an interview. They look like a nice couple, she’s a beautiful mature blond with big tits and he’s a handsome guy. They click and she gets hired on the spot. Janice gets used to the unconventional working environment, watching her employers having sex all over the house while she’s cleaning really turns her on and she usually finds herself masturbating while watching them. During one of her breaks, she lies down on the couch where the couple was fucking just a while ago. It still reeks of hot sex and she can’t help masturbating on it until the wife walks in on her! That’s okay, this won’t get her in trouble here, quite the opposite! The horny MILF starts making out with the young girl, baring her big tits and burying the maid’s face between them as she gropes them and sucks on her perky nipples. The girl turns over and finds the husband’s throbbing erection just a few inches from her face! The wife takes it in her hands and guides it to Janice’s open mouth so she can taste it and give her man a blowjob. He rams his huge long dick completely down her throat. She chokes and sputters. Thick ropes of saliva drip from the sides of her lips and down her chin. Her eyes start to water and her make-up is running down her face with it. She’ll have to clean up the mess afterwards but she doesn’t mind at all! She hopes this gets really messy! The girls give him a shared blowjob and the teen girl straddles herself on the husband’s huge cock and rides it while his hot wife grabs her by the neck and licks her face! She never had such nasty sex before, she loves that! The cougar rubs her muff and keeps her husband’s cock inside her as she gushes. Then it’s her turn to watch them fucking, but this time she doesn’t have to masturbate from across the other room, she can get real close and touch them while they fuck. His balls are slapping their cunts, his huge cock makes them scream with pleasure, the girls have orgasms one after the other and enjoy the husband’s hot cum all over their faces, kissing and swapping cum! 