Our best friend was getting married and we decided to let her have fun for the last time, after all, that’s what BFFs (Best Friends Forever) and bridesmaids are for, right? Justin, the groom’s best man, inadvertently walked in on us in his tight boxers and unbuttoned white shirt and tie, he looked so hot and sexy. That’s exactly what the bride needed as the pre-wedding gift from her best friends! When she left the room, we brought him back inside and, while one of us mounted guard, the rest of us had some fun with him in bed! We took his big throbbing member from under his boxers and began giving him head. It looks like Justin had never been on the receiving end of a double blowjob before, his body trembled as we sucked and stroked his cock and licked his balls. He was so turned on! His cock jumped up and down and we fed it into each other’s mouth. Once we had his delicious cock all nice and hard we went to look for the bride! She was quite surprised to see us totally naked and when we took her back to the room, the groom’s best man was waiting for her, totally naked in bed and stroking his gorgeous member for her. His cock was hugely erect, it was sticking strait in the air, thick curling veins bulged on the surface of the shaft and the head was swollen incredibly! By the look on her face, she was totally fascinated by the surprise he had for her. Without taking her eyes off this delicious dick, our bride removed her wedding dress, dropping it on the floor. In a matter of seconds she was totally naked and spreading her legs for Justin to fuck her dripping wet pussy in missionary position. Of course we hopped on the bed so we could help them out and share this sensual experience with them. The view of three naked girls at the bed made him even harder. We helped him to enter her little pussy, then he pushed his large cock in and began to pound her hard. The naked bride rubbed her pussy while Justin fucked her, but she wanted to see us have some fun too! I got on my back and spread my legs, Justin is a hot guy and I was anxious to feel his big juicy cock pumping my tight snatch. He plunged his hot cock into my cunt and I moaned loudly, reaching down to press his body harder against me. The feeling of girls’ hands on my tits and clit and his hot and hard cock deep inside my pussy was too good. While he fucked me, I caressed the girls’ soft breasts and the bride rubbed my pussy with a very naughty look on her face.   Then naked girls got down on her hands and knees, side by side, our beautiful bubble shaped butts at Justin’s disposal as he took turns fucking each and every one of us doggie style from behind. While banging one of us, he fingered the rest of us and we made out with each other, giving him a hot lesbian show to watch and enjoy himself while giving us all that delicious cock. We had his cock well lubed with our juices. He was slapping our asses as he fucked us and we fucked each other. Then we threw him on the bed and took turns riding his cock! We let the bride enjoy the last part of this fun ride, getting pumped and filled by Justin. He fucked her in several different positions until he was ready to blow his load, shooting his cum deep into her cunt! I was lost in my lust eating out her, lapping all semen that gushing from her cunt, savoring it. Lots of hot and sticky cum all over the my face, my open mouth and bride’s beautiful legs. Of course we got her all cleaned up before the ceremony! The groom definitely made the right choice, Justin was, without a doubt, the best man! LOL!