This guy is back home for the holidays and things are so much different! His dad remarried and now he has a new stepmom and two smoking hot stepsisters he just met as they sit down for dinner. The girls sit by his side, and the blond to his right seems to have lost one of her contact lenses, and excuses herself, crawling under the dinner table to look for it. What she is really looking for is her new stepbrother’s hard cock! She shamelessly unzips him and starts jerking his dick into full erection, making him spill his drink all over his shirt! He has never been in a situation like this before! Thankfully, the other stepsister makes the save, helping him away from the dinner table so she can help him clean himself up. But, much to his surprise, she really wants the exact same thing her slutty sister did, his dick! Man, his new stepsisters are total sluts! She gets on her knees, pulling down his pants and boxers, stroking his meaty dick and massaging his balls, popping his member into her wet mouth and giving him an awesome blowjob. His cock gets big and hard in her hot mouth and his new stepsister turns out to be a professional cock swallower, deepthroating his rod all the way down to the base. Bitch spits all over his rod and slobbers it like a nasty pig, rubbing it all over her slutty face. They get naked and she gets on the bed, spreading her long sexy legs so he can plow her tight cunt from behind. He’s squatting on top of her, pinning her to the bed with his dick, it’s the most delicious fuck he’s ever had, and the fact that he’s nailing his very own stepsister makes it so much hotter! He lies on his back with his dick standing like a sex sword where his stepsister can impale her cunt and ride him in reverse cowgirl, admiring her beautiful round butt as she does so. While he’s fucking her, the other stepsister shows up, she wants some cock too! He already fucked enough with this one, and he wants to make the best of his stay, so he excuses himself and rushes to the blonde stepsister. She’s ready to pick up where they left off, sucking on his throbbing rod and proving to be a match for her sister’s cock sucking skills. She has an amazing ass, so he turns her over and fucks her wet snatch from behind, pounding her hard doggie style. Then he flips her over and watches her rubbing her slit as he fucks her in missionary position. Pretty soon he finds himself spraying lots of hot cum all over her hot naked body and dirty face. He hopes he has some cum left over for his other stepsister! Meeting the new extended family was a blast! 