Mr. Lee is surprised to find his secretary waiting for him in his office and giving him a shoulder massage so he doesn’t start his morning stressed. He wonders if it has anything to do with the new opening available since he had to let his personal assistant go. It looks like she wants the job, and she wants it bad, so bad, she’s willing to do whatever it takes to get it! She pops her blouse wide open, giving Mr. Lee a beautiful view of her spectacular tits, grabs him by his necktie, pulls him towards her and smacks her lips on his! She crawls under the table, when one of her coworkers enters Mr. Lee’s office with a cup of coffee in her hands. She wants that open slot too, and while she sweet talks her boss, his secretary is still sucking and stroking his cock under his desk! Thinking they are alone, the other girl starts taking of her clothes, so she can show him her assets! The sexy slut lifts her skirt up showing him she has no panties and begins to rub her shaved pussy, sliding her fingers up and down her between her swollen lips! She is caressing her pussy with one hand and her titties with the other. The boss already has his hands full, when beautiful receptionist Riley comes in with an updated version of her resume! She sees she has some competition, but that doesn’t stop her! Now he has three beautiful girls fighting, not just for the available job position, but also for his big juicy cock! The nasty employees gang up around him, sucking and stroking his beefy sausage. These bitches fuck his huge cock pushing each other’s head down onto his cock. A fourth girl arrives and joins them, having hot and nasty lesbian sex with each other while Mr. Lee does his best to satisfy each and every one of his employees. He has to admit that these sneaky bitches have initiative and are competitive, qualities he expects from his new personal assistant. The girls are all well-qualified, so it will come down to whichever is the best fuck! He pounds one of the naked girls in missionary position, and feeds another one with his big throbbing erection, making her gag on his rod and lick his balls. He sits on the couch and makes the girls straddle up on top and take turns riding him in cowgirl position. While one of the girls is on top, another one makes sure to keep his balls well licked while the other girls eat each other out and wait for their turn on his huge cock.   Yes, it’s an unconventional way to recruit a new assistant, but it’s also the most fun! He is not afraid to get his hands dirty, moving to the floor, banging one of these hot girls sideways from behind. Over and over again he drives his cock from one hole to another. The girls are moaning and groaning continually. There are so many naked bodies around, he’s just shoving his cock in their mouths, pussies and butts. He judges them by the tightness of their pussies, the size of their big tits, the bounce of their juicy bubble butts, the way they move their bodies, how deep and hard it can take his big juicy cock! Drenched in sweat, Mr. Lee blows his creamy load all over their faces. He has all the girls gather around. Cum is shooting out of his cock and the girls keep pointing it at each other and licking it off themselves. He decides to hire them all as his new assistants, watching as the girls clean each other up, kissing and licking his cum off each other!