You may wonder why French is my favorite class when I absolutely hate the language, but I absolutely love my sexy French teacher! Every time her back is facing us while she rides on the chalkboard I take pictures of her, especially her beautiful ass. Unfortunately, today she turned around too fast, and caught me! She made me give her my phone and saw the pictures I was taking of her. I know I was supposed to feel bad, but since she was reprimanding me in French, it only got me more turned on! That French accent is so fucking sexy and hot! She made me stay after classes. I thought I was in trouble, but as it turned out, she liked the pictures and wanted me to take some more! She stripped naked as I snapped pictures of her, showing me her big tits and telling me to show her my big cock! Hey, I must have paid some attention to class, because I was understanding most of her French, LOL! She liked what she saw and she got down on her knees, sucking and stroking my throbbing member with a dirty look on her face. She was so beautiful, with dark silky hair, thick glasses, sensual eyes and meaty lips that were made for sucking dick. My naked teacher made me stand while she sat on the edge of her desk spread her legs wide open. I was so ready to fuck her pussy, but soon discovered that French girls are into anal sex, when she told me I was aiming at the wrong hole and guided my hard cock lower, pushing it into her deliciously tight asshole! I couldn’t believe I was fucking my French teacher anally! Her asshole was so fucking tight, I could feel her sphincter squeezing my cock as I pushed it inside her. She made me lie flat on my back and straddled herself on top, riding me anally in cowgirl position. While riding on my dick, she rubbed her meaty pink pussy and told me how much she loved getting butt sex from horny students like me! After blowing my load inside her asshole told me from now on I would stay after classes with her, since my French and my anal fucking skills required her intense tutoring! 