This sexy blonde wife is hot and horny, she put on her sexiest lingerie and she just can’t wait for her husband to fuck her in her mouth, her ass and cunt, make her squirt, cum all over her face, just as she likes it, but he’s on an important business call so she’s just going to have to wait. She can’t believe it! He always puts work before her needs and she just can’t stand it anymore! It looks like she’s going to have to spend another evening playing with herself all alone… or maybe not! While her very own husband gives her for granted, she has a special secret admirer, her next-door neighbor, a horny voyeur that enjoys spying on her! The beautifil woman strips naked in the bathroom, checking herself out in the mirror as she plays with her big tits and her dripping wet cunt. Her secret admirer checks her out through the window, snapping pictures and video with his cell phone. Thing is, he forgets to turn off the flash and she realizes somebody’s watching her. She rushes downstairs to alert her husband, but once again, he’s too busy with his business call. The naked girl goes back to the bedroom, frustrated, throwing herself on the bed so she can masturbate. That always makes her feel better. Her secret admirer makes a bold move, sneaking into the bedroom and jerking off while he watches her. This time, he gets too close and she catches him red handed! He tries to make an escape, but she’s not letting him go anywhere! If her husband doesn’t appreciate her, at least this guy does! She makes him keep filming as she goes down on his big throbbing cock, sucking and stroking it, dribbling her drool all over his dick and balls. The crazy slut straddles herself on top and rides him. Just take a look at her, the way this babe is riding his cock is amazing, she is really cock hungry! She finally gets the dick she’s been craving! He puts her on her back, splits her legs apart and pounds her muff in missionary position. She hasn’t been fucked like this in ages! He licks her pussy and rims her asshole, making her bend over by the side of the bed so he can pound her hard from behind. His dick is so big and hard, she finally find herself a lover that puts her first and when her husband finally comes around he finds a stranger fucking his wife in the bedroom and cumming in her mouth, filling her up with lots of hot cum! 