I was at home when my hot ass girlfriend came back from the market with a couple of grocery bags. She was wearing this sexy, tight pink dress. Mmmm, she looked hot! She has amazing looks and out of the world ass with such a nice shape. She asked me to help her with the groceries, but I wanted to give her a hand with that delicious bubble shaped ebony ass! You know what I’m talking about! She figured out we weren’t going to get any work done until we got all that sex out of our systems, so she started flirting with me, bending over the kitchen counter while pulling her dress up, giving me a glimpse of that delicious brown bubble butt. I swear that sin was shaved with a compass! After teasing me silly, she got down on her knees on the kitchen floor, unzipping my denims and grabbing my big throbbing erection in her soft hands, taking it into her wet mouth, blowing me hard. I love the way she concentrates went eating my cock, slurping and licking it, deep throating it all the way down to the base, massaging my balls with her hands and giving them a good licking. After she finished slobbing on my cock, she made me lie flat on my back on the kitchen floor. Man, them tiles felt cold on my naked ass but it was well worth it, having my sexy naked girlfriend straddled on top, her juicy chocolate butt facing my way as she rode me up and down. She flipped over, facing my way, making her body bounce, her tight pussy muscles squeezing my hard rod, milking me. Her tiny titties looked so fucking hot when she’s riding on my cock, I let her take charge, so she can go as fast and as hard as she likes, or take it slow and soft. It’s one hell of a ride! She drooled over my dick and sucked on it some more before popping it back inside her, dripping wet with her saliva as lube as she pushed it back inside. I put her in missionary, spread eagled, banging her hard and deep, listening to her sexy moans and grunts. Watch my fine ebony hottie getting her fat booty smashed as she waited for a huge juice filled facial. After fucking her hard all over the kitchen, I blew my load, spraying hot wads of sticky cum all over her beautiful face, her open mouth and her hot mocha body. 