It’s Wednesday night and I hurried back home since Wednesday his date night and I was sure my girlfriend had spent the last couple of hours getting herself all pretty for me. I left work early and even bought roses for her. When I found her wearing her unicorn onesie and watching TV I thought she had forgotten about our date night, and I was a little bit pissed at first, until I found out she had something better in mind: a sex-marathon! As she unzipped her onesie, I could see my babe was wearing sexy lingerie underneath! She quickly took it off and got down on her knees, unbuckling my pants and pulling out my dick so she could give me a blowjob. After sucking and stroking my hard cock and deep throating it all the way down to the base, she had it all lubed up, slippery with her saliva and ready to fuck her hard as she lied back on the couch and spread her legs wide open, inviting me to fuck her wet cunt slit. She introduced it inside her, keeping her legs spread with her hands, urging me to fuck her very hard and very deep while her tight pussy wrapped around my cock. She bit her lips while I banged her, squealing and moaning, her body squirming and quivering with lust. I took one of her legs and lifted it, fucking her sideways before putting her down on her hands and knees, pounding her hard doggie style from behind. “Oh God, it feels so fucking good!” She said as I put her body sideways, my cock sliding in and out of her cunt, her butt cheeks spread apart, her tender little asshole contracting with every thrust of my member, her pussy juices were flowing freely from her snatch, my balls were drenched in her fuck fluids. She cupped her tits in her hands, stimulating her perky nipples with her fingertips. I lied flat on my back and my sexy babe straddled herself on top, her naked body bouncing up and down, riding me cowgirl style. Our sex marathon was just getting started and I planned on fucking her brains out all night long, but this was so fucking hot I wasn’t sure I was going to be able to resist and sure enough, pretty soon I was blowing my load, blasting my beautiful girlfriend’s face with cum! Nothing says “I love you” more than swallowing your man’s cumshot! So fucking hot! 