Check out the proud look on this father’s face! His daughter just graduated and are coming back to her house along with her boyfriend after the ceremony. He leaves them alone for a moment, and it looks like his daughter just can’t wait to celebrate her graduation with her boyfriend’s huge cock! He lifts up her toga and she’s totally naked underneath! Her shaved pussy is dripping wet, she’s been thinking about his hard cock all day and it’s the graduation gift she’s been waiting for! He slides his finger up and down her wet slit, but they have to stop because her dad is back with a graduation cake for his daughter. He goes back to the kitchen to get some plates and his daughter crawled under the table so she can give her boyfriend a blowjob, sucking and stroking his throbbing erection with a dirty smile on her face. Her dad returns with the plates before she has a chance to crawl from under the table! The boyfriend says she’s in the bathroom, so he sits with him to chat while they wait for her to come back, LOL! Awkward! Underneath the table, his daughter is too horny to wait, so she continues sucking her boyfriend’s juicy dick! The fact that her daddy could catch her in the act oddly makes her very excited! Her pussy is gushing! She fingers herself until daddy leaves and she can finally crawl out. The teens sneak into the bathroom, so she can get down on her knees and continue blowing her boyfriend’s boner. He sits on the toilet and the naked babe straddled herself on top in reverse cowgirl, letting that hard cock sink into her cunt and riding him. Her big tits are to die for. Love the Bush! Delicious! He grabs her naked body and presses it against his own, bending her over the toilet seat, fucking her hard from behind. She sits on the toilet seat with her legs spread wide open, rubbing her clit while her boyfriend fucks her in missionary position. Cumming twice is awesome! This teen slut deserves more cum in her face! Next, he lies flat on the bathroom floor and she squats on top of his cock so she can continue riding him. Her tits bounce wildly as she gets her pussy pounded hard and after her boyfriend cums all over her face they get back to the living room just in time for her to blow out the candles on her graduation cake! You have to watch the full video with this sexy babe making her man nut in her mouth four times! 