This guy has a new assistant at the hardware store, and to be quite honest, is not really happy with it because she’s a girl, and you know, girls and hardware just don’t go together. She’s always asking for help lifting heavy tools and crates and he’s getting a bit fed up. On top of that, she’s always wearing tight tank tops and miniskirts, and those red lace fishnet stockings are really distracting him! However, when she asks for his help with some items she needs to place on the top shelf, he realizes the advantages of having a hot girl in the shop. When she trips on the stairs, he’s quick to catch her, grabbing her by her juicy bubble butt cheeks! She liked feeling his firm hands on her ass, and now she wants to feel them all over her body! When she catches him peeking up her skirt she decides to have a little flirtatious fun with him. The horny babe smiles as she quickly pulls down her thong and slips it off her long legs leaving herself completely naked below the belt, with her wet cunt in full view of him. You can try stopping a hot girl like her when she wants a cock! She pushes him against a rack, drops to her knees, unzipping his jeans and exposing his big throbbing member, popping it into her mouth, sucking and stroking it hard. He holds her head still and fucks her mouth and after stripping down to her fishnet stockings, she pushes her juicy butt against his cock while massaging it in her hands, with him groping and fondling her big tits! He lifts one of her legs while she leans over the counter and starts fucking her hot swollen cunt. All this sex is making her thirsty, she popped open a bottle of water, pouring it all over her tits, the cold water dripping down her body as he fucks her brains out with his huge cock. She splashes even more as she rides his cock over the counter. He drives his big dick in and out of her cunt with such force and speed that her big tits are flying all over the place. Powerful arms lift her and put her on her back upon the desk, her legs spread. He fucks her in missionary, doggy style, with her woman on top, fucking her tits, mouth, destroying her cunt in all positions, until blowing his load all over her big tits and her face! 