Gina is the epitome of the high school slut with long sexy legs, a cute face, pretty eyes, and a body that looks like it is custom designed for fucking. This 18-year-old teen is naughty by nature! She has a problem, her grades suck and she’s pretty close to flunking one of the most important classes in the school curriculum. Worried for her future, her beautiful mature stepmom set up an appointment with her teacher, to see if they can “work something out”. The teacher doesn’t stand a chance when he is offered a double treat, a steamy classroom three some with sexy teen slut Gina and her smoking hot cougar stepmom! The girls get down on their knees, peeling the teacher’s pants and boxer briefs down as they take hold of is big juicy dick, sucking and stroking it together. The teen girl slowly pops that big meaty shaft into her tiny mouth, giving her teacher a slow sensual blowjob under the expert guidance of her stepmom, who has years and years of experience in the fine art of cock sucking. She raises the teacher’s dick and licks his balls too, before passing him member on to her stepmom, who blows it like a pro. The sexy cougar stands and leans over a support beam, spreading her ass cheeks with her hands so the teacher can penetrate and fuck her dripping wet pussy from behind. Yes, he’s young and inexperienced and she can tell he doesn’t often get a chance to fuck a beautiful mature woman like her. She tells him to go slow and Gina caresses her naked body while the teacher is banging her. This girl is so hot and makes love to a cock. She loves feeling her step daughter’s hands on her big tits and watching her shamelessly masturbating herself while she plays with her. The MILF makes the teacher lie flat on his back and orders the teen slut to squat on top of his dick, her tight butt facing his way as she impales herself on the teacher’s rod and rides it in reverse cowgirl. The mature stepmom goes next, letting her beautiful stepdaughter Gina fondle her tits and rubbed her pussy while she rides the teacher’s fabulous erection. He fucks them both sideways from behind on the classroom floor. He considers himself a professional teacher, the kind that never breaks or bends the rules. He’s also the kind that never gets laid, so he decides to make an exception today. After blowing his load all over his student and her stepmom he guarantees Gina an A+, plus for effort, LOL! 