My sexy neighbor’s daughter is always hanging out at my place while her parents are not around. I love her because she’s a hot blond slut with a very kinky and open-minded attitude I were always talking about sex, the guys and girls she’s fucking and what type of cocks she likes the most. Last week, I had a stripper pole installed in my living room and the moment she saw it she wanted to try it out. She took off all her clothes and showed me some crazy moves on the pole that made my dick throb under my pants. This teen bitch has really long legs, a fabulous ass and a crazy ass tattoo on her mid riff. Since we had been talking about big dicks, I sucked it was a convenient time to show her mine! With that, I took off my pants and she saw my massive penis. She was totally fascinated and in awe, telling me it was the biggest she had ever seen in her life as she took it in her small hands, slapping it against her face and popping it into her mouth for a hot blowjob. It was so sexy that she was kissing my cock and telling me how big I am. I love when women compliment my size. All she wanted was to for him to fuck her hard! She gets on her hands and knees, exposing that delicious ass spreading wide open for me. She kept telling me how bad she wanted to feel my huge cock in her hot, wet pussy. She didn’t give me much of a choice. With one thrust, I stuck my cock into her overly moist vagina. Her dripping wet pussy had no problems taking on my size. I rammed my hard cock deep inside her wet cunt and began fucking her doggie style from behind. She reached between her legs, rubbing her gushing snatch as I pounded her hard. The tiny girl was screaming, begging me to fuck her faster and deeper. I had a fantastic view of her magnificent bouncy ass cheeks, as they were moving due to the full on fucking she was receiving. Her sexy ass jiggled delightfully every time I drove, with gut wrenching ferocity, into her tight cunt and drove out again. I could tell she was a kinky bitch so I did not hesitate and inserted a finger into her tight asshole, feeling it stretching out as I anally fingered her while fucking her, making her squirm like a bitch in heat. I flipped her over like a waffle, spread legged on her and continued fucking her in missionary position. The view of my cock destroying her young cunt was enticing to watch. “Oh, yes, yes, fuck, yes, yes, harder” were now the only words emanating from her, each one being said with a pleasure filled lilt in her voice. She rubbed her pussy while I banged her and I even grabbed one of her feet and began sucking on her toes. I know chicks love that shit and makes them gush like crazy! I shifted gear once again and began to absolutely hammer her cunt. The girl had lost complete control. The feeling was unreal. She clenched my ass and pushed me further inside her. I thought she was going to rip her in half. But I just continued to pump, faster and harder. She said she wanted to ride my cock, so I sat down on the couch and let her straddle herself on top, my big fat sausage sinking inside her pink slit as she rode me in cowgirl position, pushing her big tits against my face so I could suck on her puffy nipples. I pressed her hot naked body against my own and inserted a couple of fingers into her stretched out asshole while I pounded her hard. The harded I fucked her, the more her boobies flopped around on her chest. She flipped over, still impaled on my cock, planting her feet on my thighs and balancing her hot naked body up and down my hard shaft. This naughty blonde slut was as good on my meaty pole as she was on the stripper pole I had installed! My view was only of her ass and back, with my engorged monster dick ramming in and out of her. When I thought she couldn’t take more, she just screamed “So Deep!! YES!!! FUCK! Harder…Fuck Me Harder!!”   She then proceeded to stick my enormous cock into her mouth. She closed her eyes and worked her tongue up and down my cock and balls. She sucked harder and faster. I thought she wanted me to cum in her mouth, like all teenage girls love, but she wanted more “I’m so fucking horny now! Fuck me, fuck me!” I pounded her in as many different positions as we could imagine. Finally I pulled my cock entirely out of her sopping pussy and slammed it back in with all his might!!! I was shotting load after load of my seed into the girl’s pussy. This was more than she could take. I pulled out of her wet cunt and blew my load on her face also, spraying hot cum all over her mouth. Her mouth was wide open and her petite body literally went into convulsions. The orgasm was so powerful that she shook like a leaf in the wind and a shot of pussy juice leaked out of her destroyed pussy. “Oh my god, I’ve never been fucked like that before” She was naked and covered in cum, lying almost lifeless. I wiped my cock off with her panty… 