This breathtaking busty dark haired MILF slut married just a couple of months ago but she is too damn horny to live on just one big cock for the rest of her life, so she got herself a lover and she has passionate encounters with him on a daily basis, while her husband is working hard to keep her happy. The sexy woman undresses and steps into the steamy shower, where her naked lover awaits her, his big member throbbing in his hands as he strokes it. The naked babe presses her body against his, her juicy ass against his hard cock while he soaps up her big beautiful tits and she massages his cock in her hands. He pours lots of liquid soap all over those grapefruits and kneads them like pizza dough with his hands. The beautiful naked woman drops to her knees so she can suck and stroke that big hard member. She stays still so he can fuck her mouth and he lifts her up, cradling her in his arms while impaling her snatch on his hard cock. The horny MILF rubs her clit, feeling that big dick plunging in and out of her until she hears a dreadful sound: her husband coming back from work earlier than usual! He finds her in the shower, not knowing the cheating wife has another man there, rubbing his hard cock between her ass crack while she tells him to go downstairs and wait for her there. Thing is, he wants to get in the shower with her, so he can get all wet and fuck her dripping with pussy from behind. Thing is, her pussy is already occupied, LOL! She realizes he’s going to have a hard time shaking him off, and she can’t risk him getting into the shower, so while her lover fucks her hard from behind she leans over and starts giving her husband a blowjob through the shower curtain, sucking and stroking his big hard cock. It’s kind of kinky, one of her fantasies has always been getting fucked by two men at the same time and it looks like it’s actually coming through, though one of them isn’t aware of it! This buys her some time, and her husband finally leaves, so she straddles herself atop her lover’s dick on the shower floor and rides it. The view of her huge boobs is absolutely amazing! These two have to hurry, so he blows his load, filling her mouth with his hot and sticky cum. She’s still licking it off her fingertips as she rushes downstairs to her husband! Naked and wet, she spreads her legs on the couch and he starts fucking her hard in missionary position. She’s so fucking turned on, he’s quite surprised! If only he knew why! While he fucks her and eats her out, her lover sneaks behind their backs! She’s still feeling horny and frisky, so she straddles herself on her husband’s cock and rides him too, ready for a second dose of cum! Only once she has gotten her second cum load of the day she is finally satisfied! 