This guy’s roommate finally moved out of his place. He left him hanging with three months of rent, but also left all his stuff behind as collateral, so he decided to make a yard sale and hopefully recuperate his loss. This young sexy girl seems to be interested in his roommate’s old bike, tagged at 150 bucks. She keeps looking at it, and every time she bends over, he can see her sexy thing riding up her juicy ass! It’s almost as if she’s doing it on purpose, and she very well may be! He can’t help but stare. He can’t help but imagine this young girl naked, her cute little ass, her tiny thong string wedged right up in her pussy lips, disappears in her slit and ass crack, imagine how it would feel if he pulls her thong aside and just sticks his hard cock deep into her tight, hot, slippery vagina… While he tries to control his own body the little slut presents him her sexy ass. This cute girl knows how to use her sex appeal to get bargains and she wants this bike bad so she doesn’t mind giving up some pussy for a reasonable discount! Shamelessly, she reaches under his shorts, grabs his big fat cock and whips it out, stroking it right there in the bargain table! She doesn’t even stop when a customer comes by asking for a price! The hot teen gets down on her knees, stroking that juicy dick and popping it into her wet mouth, giving him head. After deep throating his dick behind the bargain table, he takes her behind a clothes rack, bending her over and pounding her young pussy from behind. This girl is fucking cute. Very natural look. Pretty smile and nice body. Just image the feeling of her warm, wet, tight pussy around your cock, her walls throbbing at the cock, her juices leaking out of the sides of her pussy over your cock, awesome! While he’s banging her, another client, this time a sexy woman, comes over asking for a price on a blouse! Good since she can see what’s going on behind the rack, LOL! although I wish i could see that very cute girl that is on the other side of the cloths rake, some close up of her pretty face, i like it when someone fucking someone and looking at another girl, thats hot! While she keeps sorting through the items on the rack, he does his best to seem inconspicuous while still banging the sexy slut stuck to his dick. Wait that woman didn’t buy anything when he’s giving the teen slut doggy outside! Why didn’t she join in? LOL! Man I love this sneaky scene, so fuckin’ naughty! After the client leaves, he takes a break from the yard sale and drags the slut inside his house, spreading her legs on the couch and licking her lovely young pussy. The cute hot triangels of her inner cuntlips are predestined to get a pair of phat medium piercing rings. After eating her out, he rams his big hard cock deep inside her gushing muff, fucking her on his couch in missionary position. She pulls one of her sexy tits with pierced nipple over her white tank top. He strips her naked, her back over the armrest as he bangs her hard while sucking on her perky peers nipples. He sits on the couch and straddles her on top, impaling her pussy on his big juicy cock and making her bounce on it. She plants her palms on the side of his body and pushes herself up and down his lengthy shaft. He promises to give her a 50% discount on the old bike once she makes him blow his load and the sexy slut is more than happy to lick all that creamy cum off his cock and balls after spraying her face and tits with all his hot and sticky dick juice. If he could see his old roommate right now, he would actually send him for never paying his rent and forcing him to make this yard sale in the first place, LOL!   Sneaking behind somebody’s back to enjoy a hot fuck is so nasty and hot, that’s what you will find right here at Sneaky Sex! The danger of getting caught is well worth it for these sneaky sluts. They love sucking dick, jerking cocks, having their dripping wet pussies fucked very hard and getting blasted with lots of creamy cum right behind their lover’s, boyfriend’s, husband’s, sibling’s and parent’s back! Watch guys sneaking behind their girlfriends and wives so they can enjoy a hot fuck with a sexy whore! Let’s just hope they don’t get caught in the act! Check it out!