My GF was visiting home from college and I snuck passed her parents so I could get into her bedroom and give her a warm welcome fuck! As I snuck in, I saw her in her panties, sorting the clothes she brought from college on the bedroom floor. Her ass looked so tight and juicy, yummy! I missed it so much! Sure, we’ve been having cyber sex on a regular basis, but I wanted the real deal! I reached out and grabbed her butt and she turned over, delighted to see I was making her a surprise visit I was even risking getting caught by her parents! I know that shit turns her on! She crawled on her bed and began teasing me, making that delicious ass wiggle and shake. She looked around to make sure the coast was clear and got on her knees, ready to suck and stroke my throbbing member. She gave me a delicious blowjob before getting down on her hands and knees so I could penetrate and fuck her tight pussy from behind, doggie style, baby! That’s the way I like it! Seemed she wanted to show me she was sexier than the porn on the screen. I fucked her hard, groping her juicy butt cheeks. My sexy naked girlfriend got on her back and spread her legs and pussy lips with her fingers, letting me explore her pink snatch with mine. Her pussy was dripping wet and gushing as I pounded her hard in missionary position. We both wanted to scream at the top of her lungs, but we knew we had to keep it quiet or else her parents would realize that my girlfriend was not alone in her bedroom and we would both get into a lot of trouble. That would mean no more fucking until she was back at college, and I wasn’t going to let that happen! No way, Jose! She wanted to ride my Dick, so she straddled herself on top, humping me in cowgirl position. I love watching her beautiful face and her sexy tits while she’s fucking in this position. She gets to be in charge and that’s kind of hot, isn’t it? I put her sideways and kept plowing her dripping wet cunt, making sure she was being a good girl while she was away at college before blowing my creamy load into her cum hungry mouth! Hot! 