It’s football Sunday and this sexy brunette girl is watching the game with her father as usual. She looks so sexy with her football Jersey, skimpy denim shorts and eye black on her cute cheeks. There’s knocking on the door, it’s the pizza they ordered and she answers the door and finds herself with a hot delivery guy with a sausage pizza, and she loves hot delivery guys and sausage so much! She pulls him inside and jumps him, kissing him and pressing her hot body against his. The pizza delivery dude pulls her shorts down and starts licking her wet muff. This is so much better than getting a lousy tip! Her dad is so focused on the game he has no idea what’s going on behind his back. If he were to take a look, he would find his daughter down on her knees, sucking and stroking the pizza delivery guy’s juicy dick. The teen girl deep throats his meaty pole and passes her pink tongue all over it, licking and kissing his balls and the cockhead. The teen slut just loves eating cock! The pizza delivery guy puts her over the table, spreads her legs and a sweet, juicy, wet pussy is right in front of him. Perfect pussy! He rams his thick dick deep inside her gushing cunt, banging her hard in missionary position while groping her sweet titties. His hand slids up to cover her mouth tightly, muffling her moan. She rubs her pussy while he’s banging her and his hot cock slides in and out, in and out bettwen her slippery wet pussy lips, deep in her vagina. He presses himself against her so she can feel his balls. He begins to thrust faster and harder. Her teen pussy is stretched out by his cock and she loves it. She wraps her legs around him, pulling him deeper inside of her with each thrust. A thick stream of my precum oozes out, spilling onto my stomach. Naked girl gets sideways so he can bang her from behind. They make out while they fuck and she leans over the desk, spreading her butt cheeks for the pizza dude’s dick. He is thrusting his hard cock in and out, full length as she enjoys every inch of it. He grabs her by her thighs and lifts her up, fucking her in standing position, cradled in his arms. She arches her back and clenches her teeth tight, moaning softly from pleasure. Next he lies on his back over the dinner table and the sexy slut straddles herself on top, squatting over his dick and riding it in reverse cowgirl. The game is going long, giving them more time to fuck. The more his hard hot cock moves in and out of her young cunt, the more pussy juices flow out between the walls of her slit. Her juices are running down, coating his balls. Sexy teen lies on her back with her head dangling over the edge of the table and gets fed the pizza guy’s dick, sucking it hard and deep.   This dude is into some really acrobatic sex, putting her standing on her hands and her ass against his crotch, pumping her pussy with his cock while she’s upside down! He cradles her on his arms again and she wraps her legs around his waist, making her bounce on his dick while grabbing her tight ass. He puts her back on the table and keeps fucking her in missionary position. He’s never fucked a customer while her dad is watching the game, and he’s still amazed that the guy has never even looked over his shoulder, maybe not concerned about his daughter, but at least wondering what the fuck happened with that pizza he ordered, LOL! After fucking her, the pizza guy gives the naughty daughter her favorite topping, lots of hot cum sprayed all over her face, her open mouth and her beautiful tits… and he even gets a tip!