What a beautiful young, tiny and promising babe! This girl is new at work. It’s her first week and she’s already her manager’s favorite. Matter of fact, they have a private meeting at 5 o’clock sharp, and she gets to his office a few minutes earlier so she can be ready by the time her manager arrives. The tiny girl is so excited, she spreads her legs on the couch, tugging her panties down and fingering her dripping wet slit. By the time he arrives, she’s totally naked and ready for him. She drops to her knees, slowly unzipping his slacks and letting them drop down, as his big throbbing erection springs up like a Jack in the box. She takes it in her hands, sucking and licking it gently. The young girl knows her manager’s under a lot of stress and she has made it her job to help him find ways to relieve and release all that built up tension. What better way than by fucking her brains out on a daily basis? It seems to work, because the manager has never been in better mood at work and his performance has improved greatly! Who knows, maybe they turn her project into a companywide effort and she gets to fuck every single employee! Drool drips down the sides of her lips as the petite girl deepthroats the manager’s thick rod and makes sure to lick his balls too. She gets on the couch and bends over, on her hands and knees and ready for his cock. He plunges it deep into her tight cunt, pounding her hard from behind as she moans and grunts with pleasure. The manager’s dick feels so good inside her! He holds this tiny naked girl by her hips, pushing her tight bubbly butt against his crotch, pounding her nice and hard. He sits down and she sits on his lap, her tiny body bouncing up and down the manager’s cock in reverse cowgirl position. She rubs her pussy while he fucks her, he wishes all his employees were like her. She flips over, facing him as she keeps riding his hard cock. She wants to satisfy her manager. He puts her over the desk, spreads her legs and bangs her in missionary position, blowing hot cum all over her body and face! She loves having these private meetings with her manager and can’t wait for the next one! What a sexy, beautiful young lady. 