This sexy babe gets a sensual rubdown from her stepsister and her massage instructor! Kelsey wants to help her stepsister get her massage license so she lets her practice on her bootyful body. When she arrives at the massage parlor, she is greeted by her stepsister and Shawn, her instructor. Kelsey lies on her belly and lets her stepsister rub her down. She has pretty good hands, and she can feel them working on her juicy buns over the oil drenched fabric of her lycras. She mentions that she would prefer actually having her pants off, thinking they would let her take them off, but, much to her surprise, he rips them at the crotch, exposing her delicious oiled up bubble butt! He gets to work on her ass, kneading her butt cheeks and sliding his slick oily fingers up and down the crack of her ass, stimulating her asshole and her pink slit with his fingertips. Feeling his and her stepsister’s hands dancing on her ass turns her on, an judging by the massive throbbing bulge between his legs, he’s pretty excited too. She massages the bulge with her hands and unzips him, releasing his massive dick and taking it to her wet lips as her stepsister watches. She finds herself oddly aroused by this, and an irresistible pull draws her closer to them, kneeling down and joining her stepsister in sucking and stroking her instructor’s delicious erection. She strips naked with Shawn and as Kelsey strips, she lays on the massage table and feels her instructor’s big dick penetrating her dripping wet cunt. Kelsey presses her tits together while watching her dirty little stepsister getting fucked by the massage instructor. The hote naked girl climbs on the massage table and masturbates herself while observing them and climbs on top of her stepsister, engaged in a steamy 69, eating each other out while he fucks Kelsey doggie style from behind. After she gets her fill, she lets her stepsister straddle herself on top of Shawn’s lap so she can ride his big member while she finishes taking off her oil drenched lycras and sits on his face. This way he can eat her out while she makes out with her very own step sister! After he fucks these  both naked girls and cums all over their faces, Kelsey is sure her stepsister got her license and now she can have a threesome with two licensed masseuses, LOL! 