Hello, friends. Good news for those who love anal sex and hot babes with big tits. This guy’s wife always wonders why her husband spends so much time in the local stripper club so she asks her to accompany him so she can see what a strip club actually looks like. There’s this smoking hot blond stripper with a gorgeous body and after some back-and-forth, this guy finally persuaded his wife to let him have a lap dance from the sexy stripper. The wife sits down reluctantly and watches the hot blond straddling herself on her husband’s lap and rubbing her delicious bubble shaped butt against his crotch. She doesn’t understand what the big deal is all about, so she goes to the bar to get herself a drink. The stripper seizes the opportunity, unzipping his pants, grabbing his juicy cock and giving him a blowjob, sucking and stroking his throbbing member. The hot stipper sits back on his cock, sliding her thong to the side and letting it sink deep inside her dripping wet cunt! When the wife comes back with her drink, she thinks he’s still getting a regular lap dance, until the dancer gets up and she realizes they were fucking! The old bitch gets upset and leaves, but he still has a raging hard on and a willing stripper, so he puts her down on her hands and knees, fucking her tight pussy doggy style from behind. “In, in… in my ass!” she moans “Please put it in my ass!” She spreads her beautiful ass cheeks and with a powerful thrust he drives his cock deep into her ass! When his cockhead entered her anus, her eyes opened wide. He just smiles feeling her tight anus on his cock head. His stupid wife has never let him do it. The hot naked babe sucks his huge cock and gets back on top, making those big tits bounce up and down while riding him anally in reverse cowgirl. He fingers her butthole while licking the slut’s twat and keeps banging her tight asshole, finally blowing his creamy load into her cum hungry mouth. Yeah, his wife got pissed, but anal fucking that hot blond stripper made it worth it! 