This sexy girl needs to get in shape, but discipline and consistence aren’t her strong suits, so she gets herself a private trainer to come to her house every morning and work out with her. She makes sure to wear the tightest and skimpiest gym clothes and loves when he puts his hands on her body to explain a particular routine or exercise. The teen girl can feel the throbbing bulge between his legs against her thigh. She can’t resist any more, so she makes her move, dropping to her knees, pulling down on his shorts to release his massive erection. It’s as big and as hard as she imagined! He puts his cock on top of her outstretched tongue, but she lifts it so she can lick his big balls first. She pops his balls into her little sweet mouth and sucks on them, passing her slick tongue up his shaft, all the way up the tip of his hard cock, popping it into her mouth and sucking it. She’s a real hottie. This teen girl knows how to jack off a cock with those cute little nails. They are working outdoors on her balcony and he puts her against the rail, bending her over and pounding her young pussy from behind. Wow, she is beautiful! Anybody passing by and looking up can see her getting fucked by her trainer and this gets her very excited. He slaps her cute little ass while fucking her, then makes her lean over and pumps her from behind, lifting her in mid air as she wraps her legs around his waist and feels his hands over her tits as he puts her in the super girl position and makes her fly on his cock! He takes her inside, puts young naked girl over the couch, spreads her legs and pounds her tight pussy in missionary position while she bites her lips. She puts her legs over his shoulders and he lifts her up, pressing her hot, naked, sweaty body against his while drilling her hard. He sits on the couch and she straddles herself on top, riding his beautiful cock in reverse cowgirl position. He pins her underneath her knees and behind her back, lifting the tiny girl up in midair, locked into a full sex Nelson! After fucking her in this kinky position, he puts her in a pile driver, so he can munch on her muff while she blows his hard cock some more. He lays her sideways on her couch and keeps banging her from behind, making sure he makes her exercise her pussy muscles. It’s all part of her fitness program! He blows his load all over her face and mouth, so she can nourish herself with the proteins in his cum after burning out so many calories in this sex session! This girl is one of the prettiest girls doing porn. Great sucking and fucking and those eyes are something to see as she looks up from her knees with a dick in her mouth. Dont miss more of this beautiful lady. 