This sexy blond is visiting from Russia and looking to stay in this temporary apartment for a couple of days. Problem is, the rent is too high, but judging by the way the landlord is checking her out, she realizes that being sexy could reduce it! She knows she’s hot, she has a beautiful face, a smoking hot body, a juicy bubble butt and a set of ridiculously gorgeous big round tits that turn heads everywhere she goes. She is absolutely magnificent! She works out a sweet discount on the rent, and gets to work on delivering her part of the bargain, stripping down to her sexy panties and showing the landlord her juicy butt, twerking and jiggling it on the bed. The hot babe pops her big tits over her black tank top with a naughty smile on her face. Her nipples are already hard as she jiggles her big breasts and watches him unzipping his denims. His cock is huge and fully erect and she gets down on her hands and knees, her mouth opened and her pink tongue outstretched ready to lick and suck that gorgeous dick. The Hot blond gives him a hot blowjob, and he pushes her head against his crotch, making her deep throat his sausage, choking and gagging on it as she takes it all in. She strokes his member while drooling all over his balls, licking and sucking them, popping them into her wet mouth to play with them. He spanks her tight ass while penetrating her from behind, feeling how his meaty pole sinks between her wet pussy lips as he fucks her doggy style. He spits on the crack of her ass and watches his saliva dripping down her tender little asshole and pink pussy burger, lubing her up so he can continue pounding her. He wants her bouncing on his cock, so he lied flat on his back and she straddles herself on top, her delicious ass facing his way as she rides the landlord in reverse cowgirl. The hot blond babe rubs her muff, his big dick has got her totally drenched in pussy juices. She flips over, facing him and splitting her legs wide open and continues riding her stud in cowgirl position. Her delicious butt does smacking sounds as it bounces up and down the landlord’s lap. He puts her sideways and penetrates her again, she likes watching his big dick sinking inside her cunt, it feels so fucking good! This russian slut likes getting fucked by the landlord and she will probably let him fuck her many times during her stay. Pretty face, big ole natties, and a nice phat round ass. Thank you, Putin! Flat on her back and spread legged, she turns on her pink vibrator and applies it to her clit while he plows her. This makes the hot blond cum several times before it’s his turn, and he sprays lots of hot and sticky cum all over her belly, those big tits and that beautiful face! This bitch earned her discount! WOW,…what an incredible woman!!! She really gets off on that vibrator,…with and without cock!!! Great tits, a beautiful little pussy and muscles in her ass and legs that could crush you. Great to see a woman orgasm and that tongue of hers could tickle a lot of throat and cock!! She is one fantastic woman! Please RealityKings, make her the next big star.  