It had been raining all day long, and when the sun finally came out, my sexy stepsister came into the bedroom. She wanted to have some fun outside, but I was chilling very comfortably in my bed and didn’t really feel like going out. She was bored and wanted to play, so she got on my bed and on top of me. It all seemed very cute, innocent and playful at first, but when she started rubbing her hot body against mine, she gave me an erection and since she was on top of me, she felt my throbbing bulge against her! She definitely like that reaction, because she pulled her sweater over her head, exposing her beautiful tits. Fuck! She unzipped my jeans and grabbed my cock, stroking it in her hands, admiring how big and hard it was! I couldn’t believe my stepsister was doing the shared with me! She stripped totally naked, turning in circles so I could get a good look at her smoking hot body, fabulous tits, amazing ass and juicy cunt! My naked step sister straddled herself on my lap, sliding her wet slit up and down my shaft while moaning and grunting. I could tell she wanted my cock inside her real bad, well, so did I! I grabbed her tits in my hands and played with her nipples as she rubbed her pussy against my dick and I swear I was this close to cumming, but I heard some noises in the hallway, probably our parents, so we had to stop! A couple of hours later, I started getting naughty naked pictures of her on my phone, followed by a text inviting me over to her bedroom! I entered and she was masturbating in her bed! She grabbed my cock and started blowing and jerking it with a dirty smile on her face. Now that we were in her bedroom we wouldn’t have any distractions! She straddled herself on my lap again, only this time she pushed my throbbing erection inside her dripping wet snatch and began riding me! She told me she was into rough sex, so I grabbed her by her neck while pounding her really hard, she loved it! I told her to get down on all fours and penetrated her from behind, fucking her tight pussy doggie style. Yes, I was making my stepsister my bitch and I was enjoying every single moment of it. She had the most awesome bubble shaped butt and a couldn’t keep my hands off it while plowing her. I flipped her over and continued fucking her in missionary position while she pressed her big tits together until I was ready to blow my load, spraying wads of hot and sticky cum that draped her juicy tits and her slutty face. She gobbled up all my tasty cum and told me that from now on we would spend rainy days fucking in her bedroom! 