This cute girl came over to my place, offering to wash my windows, since she’s a college student and can use the extra money. I never wash my windows, so I was more than happy to let her do it, and I couldn’t avoid watching her at work. Man, the teen looked hot and that tight white tank top and ripped denim shorts. She was dripping wet and nearly naked. Her top was soaked and I could see her tits, as if she were in a wet t-shirt contest. I was really impressed. When she realized I was looking at her, she got a bit annoyed at first, but what can I say, my charm eventually won her over. The teen slut knew I wanted to see more, and she was more than willing to show me! She stepped outside on my patio, grab the garden hose and hosed her body, letting her clothes stick to her skin, so fucking sexy! She was going wild and I could see her tiny pink cotton thong under her ripped denim shorts. That’s when she started taking it all off, rubbing her tight wet ass and titties against my window panes! When she came inside, I had my throbbing cock out and ready for her. The little nympho got on her knees, sucking and stroking my member with both hands and licking my balls. I put my huge cock over her face, girls like it. Her smooth wet lips were sliding up and down my cockshaft and my balls. My cock was too big for her to get it deep into her mouth far enough to deepthroat it, but she was holding it between her sweet lips and licking the head, it was amazing! After sucking my cock, she gets on her hands and knees on the couch, spread her ass and said. “I want to be fucked by your huge cock, I want you to fuck me hard, I want your hot cum in me!!!” I rammed my meaty pole deep inside her dripping wet cunt, fucking her doggy style from behind. Man, she had a beautiful ass and a tender little asshole that looked so sexy while fucking her. I spanked her ass and she gave little yelps of pleasure as I did so. Nasty little slut took her butt cheeks in her hands and spread them wide open, spreading that delicious ass for me to fuck her deeper and harder. My balls slapped against her gooey pussy as I drove the length of my big cock into her perfect pussy again and again. Looking down, I watched her contracting and pulsing anus as I drove myself balls-deep into her vagina. I flipped her over, spread legged her and fucked her in missionary position while she rubbed her cunt. I put her sideways on the couch, got behind her and penetrated her again, pressing her tight naked body against my own while we fucked hard on the couch. She had impressed me with her window washing skills, but she was simply blowing me away with her fucking skills, LOL! I pulled her hair and a bunch and tugged on it, pulling her head back as I pumped her with cock meat. I entered her shattered pussy again and resumed fucking her, thrusting in and out fast and hard. I lied flat on my back and naked girl squat over my dick, pushing it inside her tight cunt and riding me in reverse cowgirl, staying still every now and then so I could drill her pussy.   Mmm, her sexy voice when my cock was deep in her and my balls were slapping her clit! It was something to see her riding my huge cock. After fucking her all over my living room, I blew my load, cumming hard! I never before have came like that. I blasted my huge load into her, making my hard cock push out of the little pussy, and I was still cumming. The teen slut pushed her slit back down onto my cock, obviously wanting me to cum all the way in her. I did. She was moaning and sighing, as my hard cock finally became limp after blowing thread after thread of warm cum into her vagina. She pulled out, and started sucking my cock, trying to get it hard again. My second load blasted her cute face while she was sucking my cockhead. I blew my load all over her face and open mouth and watching my cum dripping down her tits and her legs. She just asked me not to get cum on the windows she just washed, LOL!