My girlfriend is a stewardess and as usual, before returning home she sends me dirty pictures of herself from the hotel room or the airplane bathroom, teasing me before she comes back to my arms, she’s so naughty! Imagine having a flight with my sexy girlfriend as a stewardess … Would be torture! She keeps sending the pics of her pussy and ass all the way through, and by the time I hear knocking on the door, my dick is ready to burst out of my pants, man! There she is, with her carry-on luggage in one hand and her sexy stewardess outfit that hugs every curve in her hot body. She came up earlier than expected, she’s even wearing the same lingerie from the dirty pictures she sent me! I love it when she surprises me this way! She doesn’t waste any time, stripping down to her sexy black lace lingerie and getting between my legs, releasing my raging erection from underneath my pants and giving me a hot blowjob what a sexy smile on her beautiful face. It’s been so long! The hot babe gobbles up my hard dick, kissing and licking it, showing me how much she missed it while she was away. She straddles herself on my lap and I stuff her pink snatch with my big cock, letting her ride me cowgirl style. She’s so fucking turned on, she’s rubbing her clit while humping my crotch. My naughty girl makes that delicious bubble shaped butt bounce up and down while I smack it hard. She squats over my cock, flipping over from cowgirl to reverse and back again, rubbing her pussy and clit, begging me to make her cum like a dirty whore. I pin her shoulders against the mattress and spread her legs wide open, power fucking her mound while she grabs on tight to my body, screaming at the top of her lungs. She grabs her legs and pushes them against her body, she wants to feel my big throbbing member penetrating her very deep and hard, it’s been so long since we had such a kinky sex together. I can feel her pussy muscles tensing, wrapping tight against my shaft as they continue fucking her in many different positions, feeling all that hot cum boiling up in my balls. I’m ready to cum and she knows that, opening her mouth wide so I can shoot all my creamy semen into it and watch her swallow! I never cummed so fast! 