This sexy brunette and this handsome stud are working out at the gym, checking each other out and trying to impress each other. It’s obvious there’s something there, so finally he makes his move, walking towards her and presenting himself. He comments that he noticed her form is a bit off, and offers some advice, which she gladly accepts, proposing that he get behind her and show her the proper form. As he shows her, she shamelessly rubs her juicy bubble butt against his crotch, feeling that throbbing bulge getting bigger and harder under his trunks. Once they are done, she lets them know that she is ready for a protein shake and wants to take it straight from the hose! The hot babe drops to her knees, pulling his trunks down, releasing his big juicy member. It’s so big and hard! She runs her wet tongue up and down his hard dick, until it nice and wet. She takes it into her mouth, circling her tongue around the head of his cock as she slides more of it into her mouth. She runs her fingernails gently along his balls. She sucks and strokes his juicy cock, deep throating it all the way down to the base. She drools all over it and her saliva drips down her chin and all over her sweaty tits and the gym floor. He shoves it in so deep into her throat that her tongue touches his balls, amazing! He rams his sausage down her throat again and again and then massages it between her big tits, but they are forced to stop when another member enters the gym, a smoking hot blonde mega babe. She enters the scene wearing this sexy gym clothes that really accentuates the curves of her hips, thighs and buttocks. It’s a public gym but it doesn’t matter, the horny slut is going to get dirty anyways. While the blonde works out, these two can’t keep their hands off each other and the blonde turns over and realizes they are fucking right there! She’s quite pissed at first, but she can’t deny they look really hot and decides to join them in their sexy workout session! The blonde leans over and gives the guy head while the brunette cleans the sweat off her hot body, spreading her ass cheeks and licking her tender asshole and dripping wet cunt. Perfect ass, amazing natural tits, killer legs and delicious pussy! He gets on a swing and the naughty girls get to work on his cock and balls, sucking his rod and licking his nut sack together. Working out is all about teamwork and these two sexy girls look amazing! The naked brunette straddles her feet on the swings straddles and performs a wild split so he can eat her out and fuck her dripping wet snatch with his tongue while she’s suspended in mid air and the blonde is rubbing her clit. The naked blond gets her shoulders pinned to the mat, her pink pussy viciously fucked by the stud and rubbed by the brunette, sweat dripping down their hot naked bodies as they fuck together in this steamy gym threesome. So fucking hot! To hear the squishy sound of a wet pussy being slammed by a fat dick! The horny brunette pulls his dick out of the blonde’s cunt and begins to suck it greedily, licking off all her sweet juices then pushes it back into her pussy! He lies over a yoga ball and the brunette holds on to the swing’s handles, riding his juicy cock while the blonde massages her big tits from behind.   She masturbates her and fondles her melons while that ripe cock plunges in and out of her cunt, making her whole body quiver quiver around in orgasm. She can’t stop her legs from shaking and falls off his cock. The blonde grabs his cock and shoves it in her cunt, twerking her juicy ass! The way this sexy babe is riding his dick, twerking, grinding and rotating her hips in a circular motion is maddening! The other girl is here to tickle his balls and lick the crack of her ass. She gets fucked in missionary over the bench press, with the blonde on top of her and he pounds their pussies, driving his hard cock in and out at full force, making them scream loudly from the orgasms. The stud gives these two hot naked girls their much deserved protein shake and they guzzle down his hot and creamy cum. Excellent work out session!