This dude came over to this hot blond’s home to ask her to be his Valentine! That’s so cute and sweet! He brought red roses and a heart shaped box filled with chocolates! That’s so nice! He also brought his binoculars, spying on her from the window as she comes out naked from the shower undresses up in skimpy clothes. That’s so fucking creepy! While he crawls through the window and hides behind the curtain, the young girl starts rubbing her pussy over her soft cotton panties. This gets him pretty worked up, so excited, that he loses his balance and stumbles to the floor, alerting her of his presence in her bedroom. It’s a pretty awkward situation. She’s in her panties, with one breast hanging over her top and interrupted just as she was about to masturbate and he’s sitting there with flowers and chocolates asking if she’ll be his Valentine after spying on her and sneaking into her room. Believe it or not, she’s actually flattered! And excited! The teen girl unzips his jeans and takes a look at his big, fully erect penis. It’s so hard and meaty, she likes that much more than those cheap roses and chocolates! The teen girl takes it to her lips and gives him a slow, steamy blowjob. She licks his shaft from the base to the tip, popping it into her wet mouth, feeling it getting bigger and harder inside it. She loves eating dick on Valentine’s Day. After giving him head, they both strip naked and he lies flat on his back on her bed as she crawls on his lap, straddling herself on top, stuffing her tight pussy with his hefty sausage and riding him in cowgirl position. He holds on to her juicy ass, her butt cheeks are so soft and tender and her skin is so hot! He spreads her ass cheeks while pumping her with cock meat and she flips over so she can ride on his erection in reverse cowgirl while making him rub her clit. She enjoys the double stimulation it provides her. She always thought this guy was a fucking loser, she would have never imagined his cock was so delicious and he was such a good fucker in bed. He spreads her legs in missionary position and she plays with her tits, stimulating her nipples with her fingers while he fucks her. Naked girl stands and leans against the mirror so she can watch the reflection while her Valentine penetrates her dripping with pussy from behind and fucks her hard. He raises one of her legs so he can fuck her even deeper and harder. This sexy blond bitch isn’t into love and romance, she likes a guy that can fuck her brains out and make her climax like a dirty bitch in heat and her new Valentine fits the bill perfectly and she opens her mouth so she can seal the deal eating all his cum! 