This guy is watching TV with his girlfriend and she’s getting frisky, rubbing his bulge over his jeans, but instead of playing along, he pushes her hand away! She tries again, this time pulling her top up, showing him her beautiful tits while playing with them. That should work! Well, apparently not! His stepmom is watching them from the kitchen, and she’s quite perplexed with her stepson’s attitude. Any guy would be all over his hot girlfriend by now. Of course, his girlfriend storms out, who wouldn’t? His stepmom sits by his side, asking what happened, and he confesses that he has no experience, so he didn’t really know what to do. Beginner’s nerves! She knows what that feels like; she’s been around the block many times. Good for him, he has a supporting, comprehensive and very open minded stepmom, ready and eager to help him out in a situation like this. The MILF makes him pull his pants down, grabs his cock and jerks it, making it get big and hard in her expert hands. She gets real close to him, talking dirty as she masturbates him. She’s actually surprised, she had no idea her stepson’s cock was so fucking huge, she loves it! She even spits on it and kisses him on the lips, pushing her tongue into his mouth. She makes him cum in her hands and leaves it at that, but a few days later, while cleaning up his bedroom she finds many cum soaked tissues under his pillow. Looks like he needs some more lessons, so she makes him take his pants off again, but this time, instead of stroking his cock, she wants to suck it hard. That cock is so big, she can’t even deep throat it all the way down. The sexy mom makes him cum in her mouth, it’s the lesson #2. When his girlfriend shows up the next day, he finally ready to put what his hot stepmom taught him into practice. She’s watching the teens from the kitchen and she gets so turned on seeing his young girlfriend sucking his dick that she can’t resist joining them for a threesome. “Good job, suck his dick just like that” the mom teaches his girlfriend how to suck it. The girls begin to suck his huge cock together, kissing and licking his balls. After a shared blowjob, he fucks his stepmom while his girlfriend watches them and makes out with her. “Put it in my pussy just like this…” While the woman is busy teaching the boy how to fuck a pussy, the teen girl pulls down her panties and shoves her naked ass in her face to lick her pussy and asshole. Of course the MILF doesn’t mind to give some advice on how to eat a pussy. Now it’s the girl’s turn to gets her pussy fucked. The naked woman spreads her sexy ass cheeks and guides his cock into her wet vagina. “Ok there you go, now fuck her good for me” He takes turns fucking both naked girls and blows his hot and creamy load all over their dirty faces! “See you tomorrow, sweetie!” was mom’s words. Don’t miss more MILFs and daughters threesomes! 