This hot coed that lives down the hall in our college dorm invited me over to her room, since her roommates weren’t there and we had the place to ourselves. She got down on her knees, unbuttoning my shorts while licking my shaft, making my cock big and hard. I could feel her slick tongue all over my balls, her hands stroking my cock as she sucked it. She gave satisfying moans as she blew me and I bent her over the bed, hiking up her skirt, pulling her cotton panties aside and ramming my throbbing erection deep inside her gushing cunt, banging her hard from behind. She lifted her top, pushed her bra down, offering her beautiful tits for me to suckle on her puffy nipples. She was moaning real loud as I fucked her doggie style from behind, attracting the attention of my two buddies as they passed by the room and they couldn’t resist taking a look inside. Can you believe they actually barged in while we were fucking, snapping pictures and taking videos with their phones? Soon her other two roommates came back and we were all just laughing about it, but my girl was still hot and wanted to finish what we started, and now that we were all there, why not have a sexy dorm room group sex party? My girl got under the covers and started sucking my cock again while my friend filmed with their phones. Her roommates were getting pretty turned on by this, so the girls started having hot lesbian sex while my friends watched them. I placed a chair next to the bed where the naked girls were and my girl bent over it, watching her roomies making out while I fucked her from behind. Her roomies are a hot black chick and a sexy brunette and the girls were having a wild interracial lesbian session, with the black girl getting her pussy licked while fondling my girl’s tits. She got down on all fours, so she could get her twat fingered and rubbed while watching us banging, as I fucked my girl in missionary and she rubbed her clit. All shyness had left my girl and she started to perform for the audience. She jumped on my dick for some cowgirl action then climbed on a chair for more doggystyle. My friend were taking selfies with me fucking my girl doggy style as the background! I bet those were going to get tons of Likes, LOL! All the girls surrounded me, they wanted me to cum all over them.  I began shoting cum like mad. The girls were now covered in CUM and started to lick it off each other. Just a regular day at the dorm! 