I had the day off so I was just riding around town, looking for a place to eat when I saw this sexy pigtailed brunette teen twisting her ankle as she jogged down the street. I pulled over to see if she needed any help. The girl had hurt her foot pretty bad, and asked if I could give her a ride to the nearest medical clinic. Along the way, I let her know that I’m a licensed massage therapist, and maybe I could help her out with her sore foot. She let me take a look, so I pulled over and begin massaging her foot and ankle. As I suspected, she had just sprained it, and a good massage would be enough to get her back on her tow feet. However, the teen girl seemed to be really enjoying it, because she started rubbing her foot against my crotch, making my throbbing erection bulge under my shorts! We were in the quiet spot, so she reached over, undid my pants, whipped out my hard cock and began sucking and stroking it, her way of thanking me for picking her up, giving her a ride and a therapeutic massage. While the girl gave me head, I put my hand between her legs, massaging her pussy over her pants and panties, which were totally drenched with her cunt juices. This little nympho was turned on big time! We got out of the car and I lifted the back door, so she could spread her legs while I penetrated and fucked her in missionary position. Her pussy was so tight that it felt as though it would explode as I pushed even farther in. My hard cock was filling her, against her sensitive clitoris and pounding her harder than she had ever been fucked. Young naked girl turned over, offering me her delicious bubble shaped butt, spreading her pussy lips with her fingers so I could pump her with cock meat from behind. While I fucked her, she separated her lovely ass cheeks with her hands, that way my cock could go even deeper inside her. The little teen slut wanted to play some more with my cock, so I lied back and let her masturbate me. She had this beautiful smile on her face and she was totally flushed, you could tell that she was really enjoying this hot outdoors fuck. She straddled herself on top and pushed my cock back inside her pussy, riding me in reverse cowgirl, moaning and grunting at the top of her lungs since we were outdoors and nobody would hear us. I spread her legs wide open and pulled them up against her body, plowing her tight cunt as she rubbed her clit, enhancing her pleasure. I put her back on missionary and kept on banging her and she pulled her legs behind her head and kept them spread, rubbing her cunt while I fucked her. At this point, she had forgotten all about her foot ache, and the only thing that would be aching after we finished fucking would be her tight pussy on my hard cock, LOL! I pulled out and blasted lots of hot cum in her mouth and face! 