Since her husband shows no interest in her monster curves, this beautiful blond bombshell decides to fuck the personal trainer he got for her. After all, she can see the way her trainer looks at her, how his gaze strays to the lovely curves of her juicy ass, sensual hips and fabulous tits. She wraps her legs around his neck, pushing his face against her crotch. His nose is buried in her underwear, he can feel her warm, wet, juicy slit through her panties. When he finally manages to get loose and stands up, he has a throbbing bulge pitching a tent under his pants. The teen babe pulls them down, grabbing that big juicy cock and popping it into her mouth. It’s so big, much bigger, harder and thicker than her husband’s. She practically has to beg him for sex, while her new trainer doesn’t need any begging at all, quite the contrary! She licks his cock clean, coveres his balls with her tongue, licking and biting him all the way. She licks the shaft from top to bottom, paying special attention to his balls. Still wearing her cute thigh high socks, she lies sideways on the rug, feeling the trainer’s big juicy cock penetrating her tight cunt inch by inch until he’s totally inside of her, pumping her hard from behind. She can feel his strong hands all over her body, fondling her tits, groping her sexy ass, rubbing her snatch, driving her crazy with pleasure and lust! She touches herself too, it feels so good having that big cock inside of her. She looks at his cock sliding between her moist pussy lips. He drives his cock deeper into her vagina as she tilts her head back.., closing her eyes… feeling an orgasm build inside of her. He pulls out and starts to finger fuck her pussy, bringing her to a squrting orgasm pretty quickly! Jet after jet of clear girl cum shoot out of her pussy, splattering all over her and carpet around her. She grabs his big cock and continues to greedily suck it, her pussy juice is gushing out of her vagina. He lets her catch her breath, then he lies flat on his back and makes the sexy babe squat on top of his towering meat sword, leaning into it and making her body bounce up and down on that long shaft. Her trainer turns fucking into a fitness routine, what can be more fun than that? His huge erection and the way he fucks her motivates her to give him her best! She rubs her pink slit up and down his rod and start to squirt like a geyser! She’s squirting high into the air, spraying her come all over herself. She gets down on her hands and knees so the trainer can fuck her doggie style from behind. After pounding her for a while he stops and lets her take over. She swirls and grinds her juicy bubble butt back against his cock, controlling the motion of the penetration, what a turn on for her! He spreads her ass cheeks apart with his hands and starts pumping her again, his dick burrows so deep inside her snatch, no man has ever fucked her so deep and meke her squirt so quick and easy like a fountain. What a nice big booty! I love bis ass women… I could fuck her ass and pussy and have her squirt on me for hours and hours without getting tired or bored of it.   She knows it will be several hours until her husband returns, so she takes advantage of this, begging her trainer to fuck her in every possible position and several times in a row! She sucks and strokes his beautiful dick, slurping every single drop of precum and eager to feel all his hot and sticky cum splashing all over her face and naked body. She’s drenched in sweat, cum her pee and wants to shower with her trainer and fuck again afterwards! Her husband was so right, she definitely needs a trainer in her life, and she expects to work out several hours with him on a daily basis, on her husband’s dime, LOL! What a super hot scene. I know AJ can squirt good, but i’ve never seen her squirt this much in any squirting scene before. Hell she could of filled up a gallon jug full of cum like nothing. I love that girl. Perfect ass and such a beautiful meaty pussy. Don’t miss more cheating and sneaky sex scenes with hot babes.