When this sexy brunette babe in a tight white tank top, skimpy denim shorts and suspenders came knocking on my door I knew what she was looking for. That’s right, her best friends had told her about my huge cock, and she wanted some action. Man, I don’t even have to go out to clubs and bars to pick up girls, word-of-mouth about my huge cock makes these sluts come knocking on my door on a daily basis, I love it! Whoever tells you that having a huge cock is the burden is bullshitting you, man! I asked if she knew the password, and she lifted her top, given me a look of her big tits! Bingo! I let her pass, she stripped naked and got on her knees, ready to suck and stroke my gargantuan erection. I lifted my cock so she could lick my balls and watched those thick ropes of drool dripping down her chin as she gagged and choked on my meaty dick. After deep throating my cock, I lied flat on my back and let her straddle herself on top. I made her sit on my face, so I could rim her delicious little asshole while she squirmed and grinded that juicy ass against my face, hot! I felt my cock sinking inside her tight muff as she rode me in reverse cowgirl position. I grabbed her hips and made her bounce on my cock, sweat dripping down her sexy nude body as I placed her sideways and kept plowing that gushing pussy. Her pussy was really tight and this bitch was sweating buckets as I banged her, I love wet and nasty sex, man! I went back to licking her snatch to see it I could loosen her up a bit and she just grabbed my head and pushed it between her legs, eager to get her beaver eaten out by me, LOL! These sluts usually have boyfriends and husbands with small dicks that can’t satisfy them, so when they come to me, they do so with high expectations and I’m more than happy to exceed them in every single fuck and I could tell I was really raising the bar for this sexy slut as I pounded her hard. We were both drenched in sweat by now and really into it, she told me how big and hard my cock felt inside her, how it was the biggest dick she had ever sucked and fucked in her life. I grabbed her big tits and ass in my hands and made her squeal as I continued pumping her with cock meat. I put her down on her hands and knees so I could fuck her doggie style from behind, we even repeated several of our favorite positions until I finally blew my load, spraying lots of hot cum all over her sweat drenched body and her slutty face, another satisfied customer! Amazing girl…good for fucking and having creampies….. 