It’s Valentine’s Day and despite her ravishing beauty, this hot blond cougar teacher doesn’t have a Valentine, so she decided to enjoy her lunch break in the classroom with a very special date. She places a big rubber cock on her chair and sits on it, feeling it fill up her dripping wet cunt. While she corrects her students’ tests, she pushes herself up and down on the big dildo. This student pops by the classroom, hoping to get the results of his midterm exam. She explains that she will have them ready for tomorrow, but he needs them right now and says he can wait while she scores it. He got a 42! He didn’t even pass! He asks her if she can give him another shot at the exam, but if he wants special treatment, he’s going to have to give her some first! After all, that big rubber cock just doesn’t feel the same as the real deal! She reaches under his slacks, grabs his throbbing dick in her hands and stuffs her cock hungry mouth with it, sucking and stroking. It’s been so long since the last time she tasted such a delicious dick! While she eats his cock, she’s still riding on her dildo, unbuttoning her blouse and stripping down to her sexy black lace lingerie, garter belt and stockings. A seasoned cougar is always dressed for the occasion! She sits on the edge of her desk, spreading her legs while her student penetrates and fucks her dripping wet snatch with his big juicy dick. He grabs her big tits, cupping them in his hands while making his sausage slide in and out of his teacher’s tight cunt. For a woman her age, her pussy is incredibly tight, even tighter than many of the slutty classmates he’s fucked! She stands and leans over the desk so he can keep pumping her slit with his cock meat from behind, his balls slapping against her ass and making loud smacking sounds, mixed up with her moans and grunts of sheer pleasure and unbridled lust. He puts her over the desk, gets behind her and presses her smoking hot cougar body against his own while banging her sideways from behind. He reaches over so he can massage her big melons, they feel so ripe and her nipples are so perky and erect. She looks over her shoulders and tells her student to put her in missionary and keep fucking her. The longer he lasts, the higher his test score will improve! He puts her leg over his shoulder and holds her hand as they fuck so hard and he can feel all that cum boiling in his balls as he pulls out and blows his load, spraying the teacher’s face and big tits with hot and sticky spunk. Since her student brightened up her Valentine’s Day she gives him passing grades! 