This sexy brunette businesswoman is having a breakfast meeting with four investors. She really wants them to invest on her fashion company, and in order to cause a good impression, she’s pulling all the breaks. She wears one of her models to the meeting, a sexy short black leather dress that hugs every delicious curve on her body, and just in case, she’s not wearing any panties! As she pours them some coffee, she feels the hand of one of them climbing up her inner thigh, all the way to her muff! It sends tingles up and down her spine and she excuses herself. Another one of the investors follows her to the kitchen to make sure she’s okay. When she turns over, he can’t help noticing how her fully erect nipples are showing through her outfit! She hands him some forks and knives to take to the table, but she’s so nervous, she drops them! The sexy babe gets on her knees to pick them up, and when she looks up, she finds the investor’s throbbing erection just inches from her face! He grabs her by the back of her neck, pushing her face towards his cock. She knows what he wants, and her heavy breathing gives her away, she wants it as bad as he! Like a dirty little slut she starts sucking and stroking his cock, drooling all over it. Thick rope of saliva drip all over the floor as a second investor’s cock pops up! She gets to work on it too and by the time they make it back to the table, the investors tell her to get on top of it. She pulls the bottom of her dress up, showing her beautiful bubble shaped ass and perfectly shaved pussy as she crawled on top of the table. She knows what’s coming. They strip her naked and begin spit roasting her, one dick in her mouth and one in her pussy. They fuck her in humiliating positions, then double penetrate her pussy and asshole! She’s amazed when her gaping asshole get stretched to the limit and they double anal penetrate her, stuffing two thick rods down her throat at the same time! A cock in the mouth and two in her ass and cunt, two in the mouth and two in the cunt, two cocks together in her ass!!! The four hard cocks drive her wild. The crazy slut is screaming and begging them to fuck her harder and give her all their sperm. After fucking her and drenching her in hot cum, the horny investors decide they will invest on her company so they can continue fucking her! 