My mom invited her friend over for lunch. She made a real impression on me, well, not exactly her, but her big ripe melons! My mom’s busty, but her friend had the biggest tits I had ever seen! Good thing I was sitting, because she gave me an instant hard-on! Wide hips, round voluptuous bum, big tits. She was curvy and looked delicious! She sat across me on the table, giving me dirty looks as we ate, and suddenly I felt her foot between my legs, rubbing on my throbbing bulge! She dropped her fork and crawled under the table, signaling me to stay quiet as she took my cock in her hands and started giving me a blowjob! Man, I almost choke on my soup! It was so awkward, with my mom all worried, asking if I was okay! LOL! She tickled and teased my cockhead with her lips and tongue. She was a skilled cocksucker! I was about to cum in her mouth, fortunately, my mom got a call and excused herself, leaving me alone with her friend giving me head under the dinner table. The MILF got out from under the table and pressed her hot body against mine, pulling her top and letting me grope her big melons while she grabbed my throbbing cock, undoing her top and releasing those big tits! I grabbed them, kneading them like pizza dough! That woman had the biggest tits I had ever seen live. I pressed them together and she made me lie on the dinner table, sucking and stroking my cock and putting it between her big tits, massaging it with them. She made me fuck her big tits, spitting all over my member and after stripping totally naked, he straddled herself on top, squatting over my cock and pushing it inside her dripping wet cunt. She had a trimmed pussy with dark hair. She had trimmed her pubic hair to leave a perfect landing strip that ended at her pussy lips. She was a real woman, with hairy pussy and huge tits! She rubbed her clit while she rode on my cock and I could just imagine my mom walking in and finding us fucking over the kitchen table, can you fucking imagine that? I began to fuck harder, as fast as I could. My balls were slapping against her wet slit. Each time I thrust my big cock inside her juicy cunt, she shuddered and moaned. Her big breasts shook up and down as her ass met each of my powerful thrusts. My cock was so hard, the mature woman gasped and squealed with delight! Then she spread her legs and told me she needed to have her pussy licked. I was fingering and licking that delicious pink clam before popping my throbbing cock back inside her and fucking her some more sideways from behind. I grabbed her hips and tits and really started to fuck her. I was pumping so fast that I almost removed my cock from the slit before slamming it back inside her. My balls were slapping against her as my cock drilled into her harder and harder. Her legs tremble as she climaxed and I could feel her pussy muscles squeezing so tight against my shaft.   I had never seen anything like that even in porn movies. I popped her tits into my mouth, sucking hard on her puffy nipples while I continued to fuck her and she vigorously rubbed her snatch stimulated her clit with her fingertips. Sweat was dripping from our naked bodies and we couldn’t keep our hands off each other. Mom’s friend made me lie back on the counter and straddled herself back on top. Watching those big beautiful round tits bouncing up and down was the most amazing spectacle ever! Good thing my mom was on a long call, and she didn’t interrupt us as we kept on fucking all over the kitchen! This experienced MILF caught me how to fuck her in many different positions until I was ready to blow my load, blasting hot cum all over her face and her big tits! She cleaned it all up with her tongue and we got dressed just on time before my mom returned!