This hot babe is angry as hell when she discovers that her girlfriend is still having sex with her ex-boyfriend, so she decides to teach her a lesson. He is intrigued when she comes over to their place wearing a trench coat, but as it turns out, she has a very special surprise for her girlfriend, one that will teach her a lesson about going back to your ex cock behind your pussy’s back. When she enters her bedroom, she finds her girlfriend on her bed, in a tight tank top and thong, her eyes pop wide open, her jaw drops and so does her phone, as she takes off her trench coat, revealing sexy black lace lingerie and stockings, and a huge strap on cock around her waist! If her lesbian lover needs cock, her girlfriend is going to give it to her, and so much better than her ex-boyfriend, because her strap on cock never ever goes limp! The teen girl gets down on her knees, pulling down her panties and exposing her wet slit. Her girlfriend grabs her lovely ass cheeks and places her cock between them. She puts her plastic cock deep into her vagina and begins fucking her hard and fast. Toys are fine with the right women and these two are hot! This video is for you if you enjoy watching a girl fuck another girl with a strap on. She holds her ass and pulls her against her cock, driving her plastic prick into her hard and fast with powerful thrusts. That doggy-style scene is fucking gorgeous. She’s impaling her on her big strap on cock and making her ride it while rubbing her clit. The young girl makes her girlfriend lie on her belly and inserts her fingers into her tight asshole, anally masturbating her. Two naked girls are tribbing, their pussies rubbing one against the other! Meanwhile, the boyfriend sneaks over to the bedroom to see what the girls are up to. He finds their strap-on and hears faint moaning coming from the bathroom. He opens the bathroom door and sees his girlfriend’s friend, fully naked in the shower, masturbating his girlfriend’s pussy. The naked girls grab his huge cock relentlessly get fucked and after multiple orgasms, they take the action back to the bedroom. Don’t miss the chance to download the part 2! 