When this guy arrives home he finds his sexy blonde stepsister cleaning the room, trying to reach the upper ledge of a painting on the wall with her duster, but she’s falling a few inches short so he decides to give her a helping hand. Thing is, she’s just wearing a loose shirt over her sexy blue lace lingerie and after rubbing against her hot body while helping her out, she notices he pitched a massive tent under his shorts! Dude got a boner from his very own step sister! She digs that shit, she thinks it’s utterly kinky for her stepbrother to get turned on by her and it makes her pussy tingle and gush with excitement. Without thinking twice, the sexy babe grabs that throbbing bulge and squeezes it hard, feeling how firm and hot it feels. She gets down on her knees, pulling down on her shorts, admiring just how big and hard and delicious her stepbrother’s cock looks. Her mouth waters, she can’t resist putting it between her lips, swallowing it whole, sucking on it like a dirty whore. While she gives him head, he pulls down on her bra, her big round tits jump out, her nipples are so hard and erect, showing how excited she is, how much his cock turns her on. He lies flat on his back and his naked step sister straddles herself on top, her bubbly butt is facing his way as she impales herself on his erection, letting it sink inch by inch inside her tight cunt. She slowly starts riding me up and down. His cock feels so good in her and she can feel his balls hitting her every time he drives in. She rubs her pussy while she does so, removing her shirt so she can be totally naked with her stepbrother. The only thing they have to be careful of now is being caught by her mom!!!  The thrill of being caught with the step brother’s dick in her cunt gets her excited beyond belief. He flips her over and she keeps riding his cock, pushing her big tits against his chest, arching her stepbrother to fuck her very hard and make her his slut. Love that she enjoyes the sex so much. He bends her over the couch so he can penetrate and fuck her doggie style from behind, then in missionary while she masturbates herself and he marks his territory by spraying lots of hot and sticky cum all over her big tits, slutty face and open mouth! 