This sexy skater girl enjoys skating on this private building, and avoiding security is part of the fun, but today isn’t her lucky day, because the security guard is two steps ahead of her, intercepting her path, confiscating her skateboard and taking her back to his office! He’s been checking her out, and despite the fact that she got away from him several times, this guy is good and he knew that eventually the skater girl would drop her guard and in that moment he would bust her sorry ass! She’s trespassing private property, so she could be in a lot of trouble, and now the security officer is making her fill some legal paperwork. Since this is the first time she gets caught, the officer agrees to let her go with a warning after filling out the paperwork, but he’s confiscating her skateboard, unless, that is, she’s willing to show him if she’s as good riding his big juicy cock as she is riding her board! This naughty skater girl likes a good challenge as much as she likes big cocks and she’s all over his throbbing member, sucking and stroking it, feeling how big and juicy it gets in her mouth. She strips naked and spreads her legs over the table, so he can perform a thorough cavity search, using his tongue to probe and explore every nook and cranny of her dripping wet pink twat and delicious little asshole. Young titties, tight little pussy, cute anus she is 100% perfection. The hot teen rubs and finger fucks her wet muff while he rims her butthole, tossing her salad and prepping her for a hot fuck. He lies flat on his back and the naked girl gets on top, guiding that stiff dick inside her pink cunt and riding it. She loves skating, but riding this big dick definitely gives her thrills her skateboard just can’t compete with! LOL! He makes her stand against the office wall, raising one of her legs and fucking her young pussy in standing position. The girl leans over so the officer can pump her pussy from behind with that fabulous dick of his, groping and squeezing her titties and ass. After blasting hot cum all over her face he lets her have her board back and she can come skate as long as she fucks with him first, LOL! 