This guy’s hanging out at his buddy’s pad, playing video games when his buddy’s sister appears, back from the gym and wearing a sexy, skimpy outfit drenched in sweat that sticks to her skin and hugs every curve in her smoking hot body. His friend goes get some snacks and his sister decides to tease him a little, removing the towel and showing off her beautifull tits! She goes to take a hot shower and instead of staying with his friend, he goes to spy on his sister in the bathroom. Looks like she had a pretty hot and intense workout session at the gym, because she’s masturbating like crazy in the shower! He whips out his hard cock and rubs it as he gets closer to the shower, until his friend’s sister realizes he’s there. She likes what she sees, grabbing his cock and inviting him to step into the shower. Naked girl gets down on her knees so she can take a closer look at his dick. She strokes that big throbbing member and pops it into her mouth, sucking, licking and kissing it. She even deep throats his cock hands free, making hot choking and gagging noises as she takes it all the way down to the base, almost swallowing his balls in the act! He takes off his wet jeans and fucks her mouth and she slobbers all over his balls. Now they are both totally naked and she’s jerking his rod and eating his nuts! He makes her stand and raises one of her legs, ramming his throbbing erection deep inside her shaved pussy, feeling her gushing as he pounds her hard under the hot water. He lies on the shower floor and she squats on his dick, pushing her wet, naked body up and down, riding him in reverse cowgirl. He lies on the shower floor and fucks her mouth, making her swallow his huge cock to his balls. The warm water is pouring all over them, splashing all over the place with their energetic activities. He puts her sideways and keeps plowing her hard from behind. They fuck on the shower floor, pressing their naked bodies one against the other, then she gets down on her hands and knees and he fucks her doggie style from behind. Sneaking into the bathroom like that could have gotten him in trouble with his best friend, but he’s happy his sister turned out to be such a hot bitch, he’ll definitely visit his friend more often now, right about the time she comes back from gym, LOL! 