My slutty blond stepsister spends most of the day taking selfies. I usually don’t pay too much attention to her, but this time, she was wearing a really sexy blue lace bra that was showing under her tank top and I caught my eye, so I sneaked a peek from behind the door. To my surprise, she started taking off her clothes, stripping down to her sensual lace lingerie while snapping pictures of herself. Man, she looked really hot! The little slut obviously thought she was alone, because she sat on the couch, spread her legs and started rubbing her muff over her panties, WTF! She pulled them aside and I got full view of her pink snatch! Damn! I couldn’t believe what I was seeing, I mean, this is my step sister! Pretty soon she was totally naked and unfortunately, she looked my way and saw me hiding behind the door, spying on her! She was pretty mad at first, but her expression totally changed when I explained to her that I couldn’t stop watching since she looks so hot. “You think I’m hot?” She asked with this totally surprised look on her face. She obviously liked the compliment and I offered to keep taking her pictures, so she would have more freedom to pose. My naked step sister turned around, got on her knees, spread her ass cheeks and stuck her ass out. Her asshole and her pussy looked amazing! Her outer pussy lips were a warm pinkish colour, clearly swollen and wet with her own juices. She had one of the most beautiful pussies I had ever seen. After snapping a few nude pics, I had a massive boner under my pants and she got on her knees to get a closer look, taking it in her hands and giving me head! She was amazed with the size of my dick and begged me to fuck her right there on the spot! She got on the couch and bent over and I penetrated her from behind, pumping that pink pussy, watching that beautiful bubbly butt and playing with her titties. She flipped over, rubbing her pussy and massaging her tits while I fucked her in missionary position with this expression of total lust in her face. Her pussy was so fucking tight and she looked so hot, naked and getting fucked by my dick! I lied flat on my back and the naked girl straddled herself on top, pushing my cock back inside her, bouncing on my lap, riding me in cowgirl position! As the moment arrived I told her, and I tried to pull out, but my slutty step sister forced herself down harder on my cock and refused to let me go. Soon I was filling her tight cunt with my hot and sticky cum. Just as I finished cumming, she let out a loud moan, and next I saw her juices running out. 