While walking down the beach I spotted this smoking hot blond bikini babe and asked if I could rub some oil on her body. She wasn’t sure, but when I offered her some extra vacation money, she agreed to let me oil up her sexy back and leave it slippery and slick. I couldn’t help rubbing some oil on her delicious bubble butt, which wasn’t part of the deal, but some extra cash took care of that too. She turned over and let me apply the warm oil on her big all natural tits and I could feel her nipples getting hard as I stimulated them with my fingertips. He asked me what I wanted and agreed to suck my dick for 200 dollars. I took her under the shade, right beneath the lifeguard tower, she got down on her knees and stuck out her tongue. She laughed as my cock fell on her face, and without hesitation moved her mouth to my cock and let it touch her lips. She closed her eyes and took it into her mouth. I felt my cock continue to grow inside her mouth. She was sucking and stroking my throbbing erection. She had excellent cock sucking skills, but I was eager to see her cock riding skills! She pulled down her bikini. Her shaved pussy looked so inviting! She looked great in that blue bikini and even better out of it. I lied flat on my back, and the sexy blond slut straddle herself on top, reaching for my beefy cock and pushing it inside her. Her vagina was so wet that my cock slipped into her with almost no resistance. Her delicious pussy wrapping tight around my shaft as she pushed her body up and down, riding me cowgirl style. Man, that cunt was so tight! She rubbed her clit while riding me with a nasty look on her sexy face. The fact that we were fucking under the shade of the life guard tower made it so much more exciting, anybody could pass by and see us, even the lifeguard! Can you imagine that? I reached out and pulled her lovely tits out of the bra without taking it off. They were dangling right in front of my face. The pink nipples were hard and round. Her vagina was red and the lips were swollen, she was rubbing her clit. She made sure that I got a good view of her shaved pussy. After a while, she got tired of that position, flipping over on my cock and riding me in reverse, giving me a change of scenery, since now I could watch her delicious bubble butt bouncing up and down on my lap while she rode me. The hot teen babe leaned forward and spread her ass cheeks with both hands. We fucked like this for a while and then I put her on her back, spreading her long legs wide open, penetrating and fucking her snatch in missionary position. I wanted just to give her pussy a pounding she would never forget.   Naked girl placed her feet on my thighs and kept her legs spread while watching how my big juicy dick thrust in and out of her pink clam, filling her up, making her moan and grunt. I dont know but her tits just kept getting better and bigger during the fuck. She confessed how turned on she got getting fucked by a stranger on the beach in public, it was the first time she was doing anything like this, and she was discovering a totally new side of herself that she had no idea existed previously. She told me how big and hard my cock felt inside her, how bad she wanted me to keep fucking her. She pressed her hot naked body against my own, I could feel those big tits on my chest, her perky nipples so hard and erect, her wet pussy gushing and making my cock bigger and harder inside her, closer and closer to the point of no return. As I pulled out, I blasted hot strands of sticky cum all over her beautiful face and her big tits!