I met these two beautiful girls during my weekend at a vacation resort and we hit it on right away. We met at the pool, where the naughty girls rubbed their big tits together, fondling their breasts and sucking on the puffy nipples while I watched and got my dick as hard as a rock. The girls strip naked on the pool, playing with their juicy wet butts, licking and fingering their pink slits, finally getting out of the water and lubing each other up, their wet bodies slippery and slick as they approached me, giving me a double blowjob and handjob combo! They looked at me and at each other while tenderly sucking and stroking my throbbing erection, getting all that slippery lube on their bodies all over my shaft and balls, making them slippery and wet. The sensations were incredible and my cock had never ever throbbed so hard. After feasting on my member I wanted to feast on their dripping wet pussies and tight little assholes, probing and exploring them with my tongue, making them quiver and shudder with ecstasy. The naked girls got on top of each other so I could play with their cunts and butts, jumping from one to the other. I shoved my tongue in and out of their spread open holes, sucking out as much of their love nectar as I could. After lapping up their juices and licking up and down their wet slits they said they wanted me to fuck them both! I slid my cock into one of the girls and stopped moving, feeling the warmth of her young pussy surround me. Her friend pulled my cock out of her slippery pussy, licked it and then quickly slammed it back inside of her. I began pumping them hard and steady. While fucking them, the naked girls played with each other, making out and having hot lesbian action, masturbating each other and enjoying my big fat cock inside them. I put one of the girls on her hands and knees, watching that creamy lube dripping down her body as I fucked her doggie style from behind, slapping her juicy ass while the other girl caressed the both of us and told us how fucking hot we looked fucking and how bad she wanted to get fucked too. While I fucked her friend, she sucked on my dick and rimmed her friend’s tight asshole, so fucking hot, man! I pulled their hair back, reigning them in as I took turns fucking them hard and making them eat my cock and my balls. The girl eating my dick and her friend’s ass drooled all over the crack of her ass, watching her saliva drip down her asshole and slit as I kept pounding it hard. Now I wanted to fuck her, so I put her sideways and plowed her dripping wet pink clam while her friend licked and sucked on my lubed up balls. She sucked my balls, her clit, my cock, her pussy lips… I lied on my back and made the girls straddle themselves on top, taking turns riding on my throbbing member, our hands all over each other.   I changed their holes every minute, and continued like this until I was ready to cum. I was about to dump my load and the girls said they wanted me to cum over their faces. I quickly removed my cock and stood in front of them, one grabbed my throbbing cock and pulled, while the other sucked on the head. As soon as I said I was cumming, they aimed my cock between their faces, and then the girls began kissing. As soon as I saw this I began to cum, unloading my cum across their faces. 1, 2, 3 hard spurts shot out. The first was so strong, instead of going into their open mouths, it went right across their faces. The second hit their tits and the third found its target. The naked girls half closed their eyes in sheer ecstasy, my cum was leaking out of their mouths. I spent the whole weekend fucking non-stop and getting these naughty girls covered in cum from top to toe!