My dad is really overprotective of stepsister and I and he never lets us stay out at night, so what we usually do is just sneak behind his back, since he’s also kind of clueless and never discovers us… until today! When we came back home from a party at 7:00 am our dad was waiting for us and he looked pretty upset. Can you believe he grounded us for an entire month and took away all our privileges, so we could “focus on fixing our lives”? I mean, we are adults, what the fuck? Unfortunately, it’s his home and his rules. Well, it sure did seem like we were going to have a very boring month ahead of us, but it didn’t take us long to find new ways of entertaining each other! After all, we were going to spend a lot of time together! My naughty stepsister figured that if there was something that would really upset my dad would be discovering that his son and her stepdaughter are fucking each other, so that would be our secret revenge, sneaking behind his back and banging all month long! We couldn’t wait to get started, it just sounded so fucking kinky and hot! My naughty stepsister is fucking hot too, she got down on her knees and started sucking and stroking my cock and it got harder than ever! I saw a lot of hot chicks in porn, but she was hotter than all of them put together! He almost catches us in the living room, so we sneaked into the bathroom, where my stepsister talked to my dad through the half open door while pulling down her panties and getting fucked hard from behind by me! Her pussy as so tight and dripping wet! He almost catches us again. I took her to her bedroom, stripped her naked and banged her doggy style and she straddled herself on my cock so she could ride it. I grabbed her delicious bubble shaped ass with my hands and cradled her while she bounced on my dick and she got on her back and pulled her legs behind her head while I plowed her in missionary, telling me how bad she wanted me to cum all over her face and her tits and fuck her over and over until our punishment ended! 