Sunday is cleaning up day, but I have to admit, my beautiful and sexy girlfriend does most of the cleaning around the house, while I grabbed my camera and film her because she looks fucking sexy while doing her chores. She even puts on some of her sexiest clothes to tease me while cleaning around the kitchen, in a tight tank top knotted at the back and skimpy Daisy Dukes that hug her juicy ass. She decides we can take a break from so much cleaning and have some fun around the house, sitting on the chair while I caress her body and fondle her soft breasts over her tank top. I lift it up, exposing her small tits and perky nipples while she reaches over and brushes my hard sausage with her fingertips. My girl loves to suck my cock, passing her tongue all over my shaft and the tip of my dick, lubing it up with her saliva and tasting the droplets of precum oozing from my tip. I can feel her studded tongue wriggling all over my member and it gets me so fucking big and hard in her mouth. After a delicious blowjob, I put her down on her hands and knees, penetrating and fucking her doggie style from behind. My girlfriend moans and grunts as I pound her hard, grabbing her hair and pulling it back, making her gaze at the camera so it can capture the flushed expression on her face. She bites her lips and tells me how bad she wants to ride on my cock. I lie flat on my back and she straddles herself on top. She takes my meaty cock in her hands, pushing it inside her pink slit and riding me in cowgirl position. She arches her body back, placing the palms of her hands firmly over my thighs so she can push her body up and down, letting my hard cock slide in and out of her cunt in long rhythmic movements. The naughty girl does this until I’m so fucking turned on that I need to take control, wrapping my arms around her waist and pushing her tight naked body against my own, drilling her gushing pussy with my throbbing erection. Her delicious bubble shaped ass is facing the camera by now, and she looks over her shoulder to make sure it’s getting a good angle of her. She likes the fact that I might upload that video online and share it with all our friends and strangers, who might end up masturbating watching her getting fucked. It turns her on so much, she increases the speed and intensity with which she grinds and swerves her ass, pushing her cunt against my cock, begging me to keep fucking her, harder, deeper, faster, rougher! I flip her over, spread her legs in fuck her in missionary position, blasting hot cum all over her body and sexy face! 