The best way to fuck an Amish girl? In her ass…because that means she’s still a virgin. Right? Just make sure the cum doesn’t touch her pussy… Riley is a sexy blond Amish girl that doesn’t quite fit in with the Amish lifestyle, since she wishes she had more time for boys and spends most of the day daydreaming and fantasizing about sex. Finally, after spilling some buckets full of milk, Riley manages to get herself alone in the stable with her friend Jacob and she doesn’t waste any time! The hot Amish girl strips naked as he plays with her soft breasts and takes her puffy nipples to his mouth, sucking hard on them. She gets down on her knees and pulls down on his slacks, amazed with finally seeing a real cock so up close, and Jacob’s is so big, juicy and meaty! She strokes it, popping it into her wet mouth, tasting it, it’s delicious! He seems to like it very much too, so she continues. Her dad comes around, and since she’s kneeling behind the hay, he doesn’t see her, and Jacob pretends not to know where she went. That was so close! Riley knows they would get into big trouble if they got caught, but strangely, instead of discouraging her, this only turns her on even more! She wants Jacob to fuck her pussy, but Amish law forbids her from losing her virginity before marriage, but there’s a solution! She knows Jacob can fuck her ass, and this way she will still get to enjoy his huge dick inside her without losing her virginity! She gets down on her hands and knees, jutting her juicy bubble butt and gasping as she feels that throbbing erection plunging inch by inch inside her asshole, stretching it out until it’s all in! He fucks her ass so good, and when he stops, she pushes her ass against his cock, prompting Jacob to continue pounding her ex-virgin asshole! He sits and she straddles herself on top, riding him anally in reverse cowgirl. He spreads her legs and keeps fucking her tight ass, now in missionary position, while watching her rubbing her gushing cunt for him. She begs Jacob to keep fucking her ass harder, deeper and faster. Now this Amish girl is an anal slut and she knows she will never be able to get enough hard cock inside her soon to be gaping asshole! So they don’t leave any evidence, she even makes him cum in her ass! 