Dillion’s washer and dryer broke down and she has a full batch of laundry to do, so she decides to pay her next door neighbor a visit and ask if she can use his laundry room. He is more than happy to help her out and shows her the way to the laundry room. He gets a call, so he leaves her alone and tells her to make herself at home, which Dillion takes very literally! The clothes she’s wearing could use a wash too, so she takes them off and throws them into the washer, leaving just her sexy pastel green bra and panties on. There’s no chair in sight, so she sits on top of the washer and waits for her laundry to wash, but the intense vibrations of the machine turn her on and make her pussy gush! By the time her neighbor comes back into the room, he finds lovely, half naked girl moaning and grunting while dry humping his washing machine! Damn! Now there’s something you don’t see every day! His phone rings again, and she snaps out of her erotic washer induced trance and realizes she’s not alone and her neighbor has been watching her masturbating with his washing machine, now that’s awkward! But she’s still feeling horny and hot, and her neighbor is hot and she can’t help noticing she provoked a pretty big bulge under his pants, so she invites him to join her while she waits for her laundry to wash. Good thing she chose the longest cycle! They have plenty of time to fuck! With her sweet smile, tempting tan lines, and perky 32D tits, cute ass and the most beautiful pussy she’s like something out of your wildest dreams come to life to give you pleasure. She takes off her lingerie and gets on her knees on the floor and his gorgeous cock and balls are right in front of her face. The sexy naked teen gently cups his shaved balls in her hand and wraps her fingers tenderly around his cock. She takes that big fat cock in her hands and slaps it against her outstretched tongue, sucking and jerking it like a slut. She fondles his balls and gags and chokes while deepthroating his dick all the way down to the base. He puts his dick between her young big tits and fucks them hard, and the girl wraps them around it, bending over the washing machine so he can penetrate and fuck her gushing snatch from behind. “Fuck fuck fuck” she is moaning with each relentless thrust. He grabs her tits and squeezes them hard from behind, fondling them and massaging them with both hands. He slaps her ass and makes her sit on the machine, so she can continue enjoying its fabulous vibrations while getting spread legged and fucked hard in missionary position.   She is screaming through an orgasm “Fuck yes!” The orgasm hits her as her legs start to shake, juices from her slit now flowing out onto the washer. The hot teen makes him lie flat on his back so she can straddle herself on top and rides his dick in reverse cowgirl, stimulating his balls with her fingertips. She arches her beautiful body back and he holds her by her lush hips, pushing her body up and down his long shaft until he’s ready to blow his load, filling Dillion’s cum hungry mouth with spunk and splashing hot and sticky semen all over her dirty face and her smoking hot body! He always thought that washing clothes was the most boring thing ever, but Dillion has proven how fun and sexy it can be! Don’t miss more the hottest teens getting their pussies fucked hard 