My sexy blond girlfriend has wanted me to meet her father for a long time so she organized a weekend barbecue so we could all get together. Her dad seemed like an okay guy, and while he worked the grill, I was working his daughter! Her daddy was grilling some burgers and hot dogs, but his sexy blonde daughter wanted a bite at my sausage and I wanted a taste of her pink pussy burger! She was wearing a sexy checkered knotted down shirt, opening it up so I could take a good look at her delicious breasts, looking over her shoulder to make sure her daddy was busy with the grill. Pink nipples with large round areolas! She unzipped my pants, pulling out my hefty sausage and stroking it into full erection. “Mmmmm….” She whispered while popping it into her wet mouth, sucking it and even putting it between a hot dog bun, LOL! It was pretty hot getting head from her while her daddy was just a few feet away from us. I mean, he could turn around any moment and catch us red handed. With me never doing anything like that I said to myself “what the hell why not?” Her daddy got a call from her mom, and he went into the house to take it. My girl took this opportunity to strip naked from the waist down, showing me her delicious bubble shaped ass while lying back on the wooden bench and spreading her legs so I could penetrate and fuck her in missionary position. Man, her pussy was gushing, and as I banged her, she pushed her cunt against my dick, telling how big and hard it felt inside her and how fucking wet it made her that I was fucking her behind her daddy’s back.  She took off the shirt and let those beautiful tits loose, rubbing and fingering her clit while I plowed her. My naked girlfriend climbed on top of the wooden table and spread her legs, begging me to fuck her in missionary position on top of it. I moved faster and faster, my cock was sliding between her lovely pussy lips, thrusting deep and fast inside her. Her titties were shacking with each thrust… My balls were slapping against her ass… “It’s your pussyyyyy baby” she yelled out as I felt her pussy tighten as she came all over my dick. Her eyes rolled clear to the back of her head. Then she wanted to be on top. My hot naked girlfriend straddled herself on top, grabbed my swollen cock and guided it into her steaming hole. She was riding my hard cock in cowgirl position, passing her hands all over her naked body and her beautiful titties. I reached over and groped them, squeezing them in my hands, feeling those perky nipples as she rode me. I wanted to enjoy her juicy bubble butt, though she flipped over, riding me in reverse cowgirl while I fondled her soft pink butt cheeks. It was a good thing her daddy was still inside, he wouldn’t have liked seeing the guy dating his daughter who he just met a few minutes ago stuffing his daughter’s asshole with his thumb while fucking her twat, LOL!   “Oh, I feel so good, yeah baby!” She moaned just waiting for her nut dessert as I fucked her hard, knowing her daddy would come back any moment now. We heard her dad calling her so we ran off and climbed up on a tree. We continued to fuck up in the tree!!! She was screaming “HARDER HARDER FUCK MY PUSSY MAKE ME CUM” I couldn’t hold it any longer. I pulled out of her hot cunt and sprayed hot spunk all over her face and body and even over the table where we would be eating soon! Her Dad caught her with cum all over her face and sent her to her room. Splendidly, I find outdoors fuck cool!