Here is the part 2 of the video “She’s angry that her GF still has sex with her ex boyfriend and strap on fucks her!” Don’t miss what happened after the sexy girls fucked each other with a huge strap-on! When Chloe gets a visit from her sexy friend wearing a trench coat, her boyfriend can’t help wondering what the girls are up to after locking themselves up in the bedroom. He decides to sneak in so he can see what’s going on and what Chloe’s friend is wearing under the coat, if she is wearing anything at all! He had been hearing quite some noise, but now everything is dead silent. After managing to unlock the door, he steps into the bedroom and finds it empty, except for sexy lingerie littered on the floor and what seems to be a huge strap on cock on the bed! WTF!?! He hears noises coming from the bathroom and he sneaks a peek. To his total surprise, the girls are totally naked in the shower and using the shower massager to masturbate each other while having hot lesbian sex! The naked girls are taken by surprise when they realize they are busted, but Chloe’s friend invites him to join them. I love how the girlfriend is so horny that she keeps masturbating despite the shock of getting caught. Her face is saying “oh fuck”, but her pussy’s saying “oh, fuck me!” This guy isn’t stupid, he’s not going to get mad at his girlfriend for fucking her hot friend when he can join them for a threesome and fuck them both guilt free! He kisses her on the lips while both naked girls undress him in the shower, he can still taste her friend’s pussy on them. They turn the shower back on so it gets hot and steamy, the girls make out as he bends the friend over, ramming his big hard cock deep inside her tight snatch and fucking her from behind while she fingers his girlfriend. He gets terribly turned on by fucking her in front of his girl, plus watching them having hot girl on girl action under the hot water. This is like one of those things that only happen in porn movies! He almost has to pinch himself to make sure it’s real! The naked girls drop to their knees, sucking and licking his huge cock and his big balls and jerking his rod and he lies flat on his back on the shower floor, with his girl straddling herself on top and riding him in reverse cowgirl before taking the action from the bathroom to the living room and making his gf’s friend get down on her hands and knees, she spreading out her delicious ass cheeks while he penetrates and fucks her doggie style from behind. Love how his dick is pressing against her back, it fits beautifully to her curves.   They make her stand, sandwiching her between them. He rams his hard cock deep inside her tight asshole while his girlfriend fucks her dripping wet pussy with the big strap on cock! He never imagined he would be double penetrating another girl with his girlfriend! After tag teaming her, he fucks his young girlfriend on the living room rug while she rubs her snatch and her friend watches them and masturbates, finally blowing his creamy load and spraying both hotties with hot and sticky cum all over their bodies! The Double Penetration is so fucking awesome! Great action. I do not like dildos, but I really enjoyed both girls performing doggie blows. The anal was very nice. Thanks Reality Kings.