This cute little blonde teen slut with braided pigtails and thigh high cotton striped socks loves colorful candy so much, she bought a bag of assorted sweets and took them to bed with her, stripping naked and playing with them, putting them all over her body, on her titties and nipples and even rubbing them against her young wet cunt. She left a trail of sweets that go all the way to her hot, naked body so her boyfriend can find her. Yeah, he likes candy, but pussy’s his favorite treat, so he spreads her legs wide open and darts his tongue in and out of her pink cunt, eating her out. The tiny naked girl moans and whimpers like a dirty little slut while getting her pussy munched, and gets down on her knees so she can suck and stroke that huge lollipop her boyfriend has for a cock. She holds it firmly at the base and does her best to deep throat it, but it’s so damn big, she can hardly make it halfway through without choking and gagging on his cock. She gets points for trying anyhow, and he lies flat on his back and the young girl straddles herself on his lap, standing over his cock and squatting so she can feel it penetrating her tight cunt inch by inch until it’s totally inside her. That’s when she starts making her tight little teen body bounce up and down his long shaft, riding her boyfriend in cowgirl position. She grinds her pelvis in circles against his crotch and presses her hot naked body against his while he pounds her very hard. He puts her down on her hands and knees, penetrating her doggie style from behind, plowing her gushing cunt with his big throbbing member. With every single thrust she can feel it getting harder inside her, every blow burrows deeper inside her cunt. She rubs her dripping wet snatch and he grabs her wrists and holds them behind the small of her back, dominating her as he fucks her. She likes it when he uses his thumb to rub her asshole while pumping her with cock meat, then he flips her over, spreads her legs and fucks her in missionary position, blasting hot loads of delicious hot cum into her mouth! 