I love the fact that my washer and dryer broke down, because now I get to come over to my sexy neighbor’s place to do my laundry on a regular basis and I just love watching her. She’s a sexy Ebony slut with a slim body, incredible curly bangs and a bubble butt so tight you could bounce a quarter on it. She puts on the skimpiest outfits when I come over and she knows that gets my dick as hard as a rock. I get playful with her and she plays along, flirting and teasing me. With a dirty smile on her beautiful face she gets down on her knees, pulling down on my shorts and boxers and releasing my throbbing erection. She takes a good look at it, sensually biting on her lower lip what a naughty smile as she begins sucking and stroking. This black teen girl loves my big white cock! Her mouth is wet and hot and I can feel my cock getting bigger and harder inside of her. I love black chicks and she loves white dicks, you could save the perfect couple, LOL! She has this incredible technique where she wrenches my shaft with her hand while sucking on the tip, fuck, it’s amazing! Unfortunately, she lives with her dad, and he shows up unexpectedly. She hikes me in the closet and waits for him to leave. That shit actually turns her on! I pull her top up, exposing her tiny mocha titties with pierced nipples and spread her legs wide open so I can fuck that delicious hairy snatch on her! I love girls with hairy pussies and hers is the tightest on the block! I grab her curly bangs while I fuck her and stimulate her clit with my fingertips, her pussy is gushing as I thrust her hard with my meaty sausage. She bends over the edge of the bed, twerking that big juicy black bubble butt as I bang her doggy style from behind, looking over her shoulders. I stay still and she pushes her brown ass back against my cock, urging me to keep pounding her. I fuck her standing against the wall and her dad comes around again right as I’m blowing my fucking load all over her, good thing he can’t see me behind the corner! 