This sexy short haired blond is making herself a smoothie in the kitchen and has a little accident when the lid gets lose and she ends up splattered! Hearing her scream, her step daughter’s boyfriend comes in, and being the gentleman that he is, helps her get all that smoothie off her apron and shoulders. He helps her take the apron off and can’t help notice her top is drenched too. The soaked fabric sticks to her skin, letting the contours of her big tits and her perky nipples show through! She takes his hands, planting them firmly on her breasts, and he caresses, fondles and gropes her breast. The MILF gets on her knees, unbuckling his jeans, pulling them down, grabbing that big throbbing member, taking it to her wet lips and sucking hard on it. She strokes it softly, licking it gently with her slick pink tongue. She can feel it getting bigger and harder as she plays with it, she’s wanted to do this for so long. He passes his hands through her soft, silky hair as his girlfriend walks into the kitchen, surprised to see the scene unfolding before her eyes. She’s a tall, leggy blond with long hair and stunning bright eyes, wearing a sexy blue tank top and exposing her beautiful mid riff and skimpy shredded denim shorts. She’s surprised, but her sexy step mom assures her it’s alright, inviting her to join them for a steamy impromptu threesome fuck in the kitchen. The teen girl kneels and blows her boyfriend’s cock and her sexy step mom joins her, so the girls can suck and stroke it together, trading hot passionate kisses while giving him head and a wicked hot shared handjob. The girlfriend strips naked and gets placed over the kitchen counter, her sexy step mother guiding her boyfriend’s cock into her dripping wet snatch and watching her get fucked while she stimulates her clit, enhancing her pleasure. The short haired roommate rubs her hot naked body against the boyfriend and girlfriend and re-lubes the boyfriend’s cock by sucking on it, getting a taste of her pussy, it’s so delicious! As the boyfriend fucks her, she spreads her butt cheeks wide open, so he can penetrate her even deeper. The girlfriend grabs on tight to the kitchen counter as she feels that big meaty cock thrusting in and out of her, her boyfriend has never fucked her so passionately before! She thinks her step mom deserves a prize for her initiative, so she invites her to straddle up on her boyfriend’s cock and ride it in reverse cowgirl. The girl masturbates while watching them, she had no idea watching her boyfriend banging another girl would get her so fucking turned on! After he fucks her wet pussy some more in missionary position, both naughty girls are ready to receive a creamy load of hot cum in their dirty little mouths and share it while the boyfriend watches! 