Busty wife enjoys getting fucked by the survey guy behind her blind husband’s back! Ever since she married her blind husband, this beautiful brunette hasn’t had nobody around to appreciate her big all natural tits and rocking booty. She kind of misses all the attention, and when this guy comes over for a survey, she notices the way he’s looking at her, he hardly lifts his stare from her cleavage! Since her husband can’t see, she starts flirting with the survey guy, teasing him with her long legs and hiking up her dress, giving him a look at her red lace panties. At least this guy can appreciate what he’s been shown! It’s been so long! She pops her big tits over her top and fondles them, her nipples are already fully erect, and she can tell so is his cock! While her blind husband does all the talking, she’s doing all the showing. She gets down on her knees and crawls up to the survey dude, pulling his slacks down and releasing his throbbing erection so she can play with it, sucking and stroking it. The survey guy sure hopes the blind husband’s hearing isn’t so enhanced to notice his wife’s baited breathing as she gobbles up his fat cock, LOL! The survey guy says he needs to see the house, and the naughty wife offers him a guided tour, so they can leave her husband behind and have some private naughty time. Unfortunately, it looks like this blind guy can’t give his wife some time alone and he shows up in the kitchen, while she’s latched on to the survey dude’s cock!  While chatting with him, the survey dude bends the hot wife over, penetrating and fucking her gushing pussy from behind. She strips down to her sexy bra, holding those big ripe melons while she gets fucked. The husband finally leaves, and the busty wife guides the survey dude to the living room, where she straddles herself on top of his juicy cock so she can ride it in cowgirl position. When she finally takes off her bra and lets those big tits loose… her husband shows up again! Fuck! He may be blind, but he’s super nosey! They keep fucking anyway and he eventually leaves.   She cups those juicy tits in her hands while bounding on his rod and rubs her tight muff, feeling that thick cock inside her. He pins her shoulders to the floor and keeps fucking her hard while she masturbates herself. Then he puts her on the couch and bangs her in missionary position. She keeps fingering her slit while he plows her and after showing him each and every room in her house, and fucking in all of them, the survey dude completes his survey and signs it off by splattering hot and sticky cum all over the wife’s big tits, her slutty face and filling her mouth with hot spunk and promising to return soon for a follow-up survey!