This smoking hot blond owns the pool, with her sizzling body, long legs, smoldering looks, big tits and a firm bubble butt that looks as if it was chiseled in rock. The beautiful woman pours coconut oil all over her tits and massages them, getting them slippery and slick. She feels her nipples perking up as she lies back and enjoys a sunbath. Something catches her eye from afar, so she fetches her binoculars to get a better look. As expected, it’s her horny stepson Jordi, peeking over the neighbor’s fence again. Judging by the way he’s jerking his big hard cock, he’s probably spying on the sexy brunette neighbor. With her delicious big oiled up tits dangling free, she sneaks up behind him! The pervy boy is busted but she’s not letting go, matter of fact, she’s got him by his big juicy sausage, stroking it and taking it to her lips. She blows his cock while he continues his voyeuristic entertainment. She deep throats his member, it’s so fucking big and thick! She wonders if her husband is his biological dad, because his cock no way near Jordi’s size and girth! After drooling all over his cock, she makes him sit so she can straddle herself on top, impaling her cunt on his massive tool. She loves the way it stretches her out as it makes its way in. She still remembers the first time she had him inside her, she thought he was going to break her in half! He gropes her big tits and she massages her clit while bouncing on his dick. Then she makes him stand behind her, getting down on her hands and knees and offering him her delicious bubble shaped butt so he can bang her doggy style and make him her bitch. She pushes her butt against his sausage, she wants it all inside her, pumping her good and hard. This sexy blond stepmom with big tits just loves getting fucked very hard by her pervy stepson and his gargantuan cock! She stands and leans back against the hammock, watching his big cock slide in and out of her gushing twat while he squeezes her grapefruits. Jordi is young and hot and full of cum and she loves squeezing it from his big dick, all over her big tits! 