This sexy brunette schoolgirl is so excited with her new gift, she can’t wait to show it to her blonde class mate, so she invites her back to her place after classes. The girls are both still wearing their sexy school uniforms as the brunette shows off her gift, a pair of virtual reality goggles, which she places over the blonde’s eyes, so she can check out all that hot virtual reality smut she has been masturbating nonstop to ever since she got her new toy. Her brother also got a pair, so they can both use them at the same time, and they get pretty turned on while on the couch with just how real everything looks. What the blond doesn’t know, is that a classmate is hiding behind the sofa and watching them as she spreads her legs and rubs her gushing pussy over her white cotton panties. The brunette removes her goggles, and signals for the classmate to get closer, whipping his sausage out of his pants. The blonde grabs it and thinks it’s all part of the whole virtual reality thing, LOL! The brunette can’t believe how gullible her friend is, and watches her sucking and stroking their classmate’s cock. It takes her a few minutes to realize what’s going on, taking off her goggles to discover that big hard cock is quite real! They played her alright, but hey, she loves cock anyway and she’s actually happy she gets to play with the real deal and not some virtual reality dick! The brunette acts as a fluffer, sucking his big dick and getting it real hard as the blonde puts the goggles back on and gets down on her hands and knees so she can watch some kinky virtual reality porn while getting her dripping with pussy fucked doggie style from behind by her classmate. Both young naked schoolgirls lay on their back on the couch and spread their legs so he can fuck them in turns in missionary position. The girls take the goggles off eventually so they can check each other out while getting fucked by their friend and after pleasuring them both, their classmate blows his load, blasting hot and sticky cum all over their sexy faces and hot naked bodies. Virtual reality porn is definitely a blast, but these naughty schoolgirls preferred the real deal! 