These three naughty teen schoolgirls are stuck in detention, and it seems like they have a problem with authority figures, because they continue to misbehave despite the fact that their teacher has given them several stern warnings. Since conventional discipline doesn’t seem to be working with them, she decides to try some alternative disciplining. She takes one of the girls and makes her bend over her desk, lifting her skirt and spanking her juicy butt with a ruler. You would think something like this might work, but it actually backfires and the girls mount a mutiny in the detention classroom! The young sluts get together once they are released and come to the conclusion they cannot let the proctor keep getting away with this. They gang up on the teacher, stripping her naked while they film her with their cell phones. They bind her hands and feet together and spread her over her own desk! While one of the girls eats her out the other gropes her tits and squeezes her nipples between her fingertips. Much to her surprise, the teacher can feel how her nipples harden up and her pussy is dripping wet, she’s not upset, she’s aroused! She gives in as the young lesbians untie her hands, moaning and squirming, touching herself, feeling her tits and her erect nipples, giving in to the intense sensations of getting eaten out by her very own students. She watches them strip naked as they put her down on her hands and knees, they spit on her, she feels that warm saliva dripping down the crack of her ass, into her tight little asshole and her pink slit. She sucks on one of the girl’s nipples and plays with her young titties, eating her out while the other schoolgirl is rimming her asshole. The teacher has never felt so dirty, having one of her students tongue deep inside her gaping asshole. The slutty young lesbians spank her ass and finger fuck her from behind. She shakes her booty like a nasty little slut, she wants to show her students how turned on she is, how bad she wants to be there whore. She kisses them, feeling their tongues in her mouth, swapping spit with them, feeling their hands all over her tits and her body. She wants them to probe her pussy and asshole with her fingers and slick tongues. She sits on top of one of the girl’s face’s, pushing her pelvis against her mouth, feeling her tongue wriggling inside her. They spread her out on her desk, one of the young naked girls kisses her while the other rubs her pussy against hers, tribbing together. The horny schoolgirls sit on her face so the teacher eats them out, they finger her pussy and stimulate her butthole. The girls film her and she doesn’t care, she’s enjoying this too much. She hopes the girls continue to misbehave on a daily basis so they can spend more evenings together in detention having hot lesbian sex and getting treated like a slut by them! She loves being their teacher but loves being their whore much more! 