Though we live together, I hadn’t spent time with my beautiful stepsister in quite some time since we are both working on several personal projects so I cleared some space in my schedule and invited her for lunch. It was nice reconnecting with her and while I drove back to our place she confessed she felt a unique connection with me. I felt really flattered, and I was thinking she was just talking in a stepsibling sense but when she put her hand on my shoulder and leaned over I understood she was talking about a totally different type of connection! I decided to just go with the flow, after all, my step sister is smoking hot and sexy. I pitched a tent right away and she reached over, unzipping my pants and leaning over the driver seat so she could suck and stroke my cock! I couldn’t believe this was happening! I mean, it’s not the first time a girl sucks my cock in my car, but we are talking about my very own stepsister here! This was totally new and uncharted territory! The connection grew stronger as she connected her lips to my cock as we continued on our ride and wached me cumming, she opened her mouth getting hit on her lips and in her mouth with another huge load! It didn’t go any further than this and we got back home. I honestly couldn’t stop thinking about what had happened. I wanted to see more, so I took her phone to check if he had any sexy naked pictures of herself. Unfortunately, she busted me and got pretty upset. I explained why I did it and she actually felt flattered, it turned her on knowing that I wanted to see her naked, so my step sister decided to please me, slowly stripping in the bedroom while I watched her. Once she was totally nude, she lied on her bed, slightly separating her legs as I touched her shaved snatch, digging my fingers into her wet slit, masturbating her while she moaned softly. With a finger I touched her clit and she really loved that. Pretty soon I had several fingers inside her and I was finger fucking her like crazy, watching her touching herself, fondling her tits, stimulating her nipples and begging me not to stop until I made her cum like a dirty slut. That was it. I pulled out my fingers but her body was still cumming. It was a small orgasm, but an orgasm nonetheless. Her pussy hole was almost dripping from her cum. Later that night, my sexy step sister let me eat her out and nothing else happened until a week later. What we did was driving her wild! I was getting ready to go out and she got upset. Fuck, she was jealous! I loved that! She stripped naked, got on her knees and started sucking my cock! I had a feeling this time we were going to go all the way! She was on her knees, fully naked and as I looked into her eyes I watched as her lips touched the head of my aching cock. “MMMMMM,” she moaned as her lips touched the head of my cock, “Your cock tastes so good.” She began sucking it like crazy. OOOOHHH shit did that feel good. She made me lie flat on my back and straddled herself on top, pushing my cock inside her. I could feel the hotness and wetness of her tight cunt! Man! I was in paradise! She liked me riding that ass and taking control.   I continued to slam that ass with all of my might. My horny step sister was having orgasm after orgasm. She was begging me to stop that she couldn’t take any more. She got down on her knees, shaking her little ass, teasing me with her ass crack as she kept riding me in reverse cowgirl. I flipped her over, fucked her in missionary. I fucked the shit out of that little pussy. It felt so good sliding my rock hard prick in and out of that hole and finally I got to see my sexy stepsister swallowing all my creamy load! My slutty stepsister said letting a drop of sperm leak out of her mouth to dribble down her chin “Is my pussy good enough for u?”