Two horny anal sluts play with a double ended dildo and get holed by a big cock! This sexy brunette slut enjoying a day at the beach with her beautiful lesbian lover. The girls are both wearing sexy, skimpy bikinis and the girls are busy pouring baby oil all over each other’s hot body, making their bodeis slick and slippery, glistening under the sun. They make sure to apply lots of oil, they get turned on when they are so lubed up. They even open their mouths, pouring some into their tongues and feeling it dripping down their chins. One of the girls gets down on her hands and knees as her friend whips out a huge double ended jelly dildo and begins stuffing one end deep inside her gaping asshole. It feels so good feeling that big toy stretching out her anal sphincter as it makes its way inside her. While jamming one end up her ass, she sucks the other end like a dirty little slut. She deep throats the jelly dildo, drooling all over it, then the naked girls lie side by side, conjoined up their tight buttholes by the jelly dildo. They push their bodies against it, feel it burrowing deep inside their anal funnels, filling them with lust and pleasure. The toy rips several intense anal orgasms from the horny girls as they lie on their backs, legs up in the air, holding hands and pushing one against the other so they can fuck the toy together at both ends. The young girls get down on all fours and do the same, their juicy bubble butts bounce and smack together. After playing with their dildo, they are ready to move on to a big juicy cock. They suck and stroke it together and get throat fucked by their stud. One of them gets down on all fours and anal fucked doggy style while her friend licks and sucks that big dick when it pops out of her ass, tasting her friend’s asshole on its tip. He puts these two naked girls one on top of the other and takes them pounding their pussies and assholes and the nasty girls squirt, gushing from their pussies as they rub them and get fucked, finally ending up drenched in their lover’s hot and creamy spunk and mutually licking it off their lubed bodies! Don’t miss this video if you like anal sex, young girls and huge squirting orgasms! 