The neighbor girls down the hall are usually very quiet so when they got really loud, I came wandering in to see what was going on. As it turns out, these four totally hot babes were having a party. You know when guys throw a party and there aren’t any girls they call it a sausage party? Well, this was actually the opposite, it was a pussy party, and the girls were really happy to finally get some cock into the room! The girls were wearing sexy wool caps and scarves and sexy lingerie, what a hot combination! They looked lovely! One of the girls took me by the hand and guided me to her bed, making me lie on my back while she passed her hands all over my body. While she unzipped my pants, her slutty friends watched and giggled. Man, this was hot! We flirted many times before, but never ever anything like this, I was excited to see what would happen next! She whipped out my cock, which was semi-erect, so she sucked and stroked it, and I could feel it getting bigger and harder inside her wet mouth. I was worried I would get performance anxiety, after all, I was alone with four hot girls in the room, but my cock behaved like a champ and stood up to the occasion! LOL! While this girl blew me, the other girls started stripping naked, touching each other, making out and putting on a hot lesbian show, eating each other’s pussy and ass. Of course that made me even harder, as this naughty girl straddled herself on top of my cock and pushed it inside her pussy, riding me in reverse cowgirl. After a while, I flipped over so I could watch her riding in classic cowgirl while her naked friends continued with their girl on girl fun. All of the sudden, I heard a loud mechanical noise and foam started falling all over us! These girls had a freaking foam machine in their room and this was turning into a hot and foamy sex party! Having this sexy chick drenched in foam got me really turned on and I spread legged and fucked her in missionary position. “I want his dick in my pussy” the girls spread their wet pussies in front of me “And I have the feeling that you want to fuck me too.” It was going to be a pretty long night, I had one sexy girl down and still three hot naked girls and three wet pussies to go! The girls wanted my hot cum all over them, and they got it! 