We just moved into a new neighborhood and we had been unpacking boxes and suitcases all morning. I decided to take a short break and popped some porn into my smart phone, so I couldn’t really hear what my wife was telling me while she continued unpacking stuff. I just nodded, which surprisingly works 99% of the time. She signaled me to follow her to the living room so there I went, still plugged to mice phone, checking out a hot scene by one of my favorite porn stars, a beautiful blond slut with big tits. Imagine my surprise when I looked up and found her sitting right across me in our living room! She was wearing a sexy blue dress, had this dirty look on her face and spread her legs wide open, giving me a glimpse of her shaved pussy! Damn! As it turns out, what my wife was trying to tell me was that we had a celebrity living next door to us and she had come over to introduce herself. I mean, what are the chances? This had to be fate! My wife decided to make lunch for us and we waited in the living room. I asked for her picture and the pornstar was more than happy to take one with me… flashing her big beautiful tits! Yeah, definitely one of those pictures you can’t share with your wife, LOL! Seeing her tits got me hard as a rock, and she told me since I had already seen her pussy and boobs, she deserved to get a good look at my cock! I whipped it out and she took it in her hands, telling me I was huge! Now that’s a compliment, coming from porn star! She took it to her mouth and started giving me head right there on the spot! I guess that’s normal for her! She stopped just seconds before my wife came back and sat by our side, she wanted us to see one of her movies together! My wife was fixated on the screen, and I was fucking this sexy porn star from behind while she wasn’t watching! To all this, my wife had no idea she was actually a porn star until the movie’s first sex scene! That’s when she turned around and realized what was going on! She got pissed and stormed off, but my dick was still hard as a rock, so the sexy porn star straddled herself on top and rode me in reverse cowgirl. I was already fucked, why stop now? I watched her big bubble butt bounce up and down on my lap, playing with her big tits and rub her nipples and clit with the other hand. Her professional cunt felt amazing! Pornstars definitely know how to work their vagina muscles, tightening and loosening her hold! “IT IS SOO GOOD, FUCK ME BABY, FUCK MEEEEE” I screamed. the bed was rocking really hard and her cunt was sliding up and down my cock. The professional pornstar could ride my dick all day long! I was in seventh heaven, she was working her ass against me, meeting my thrusts with her own, driving my hot throbbing cock deeper and depper, working her sexy ass side-to-side, gyrating her hips at the bottom of each stroke, arching her back, bringing pleasurable moans on each stroke. The sexy naked blonde was on the bed with her legs high in the air, “Have you ever licked a woman’s pussy and ass before? Come here…”   I buried my face between her legs, I made love to this woman’s pussy as best as I could, eating her vagina, licking her lips, sucking on her clit, tongue fucking her anus. I could hear the slurping noises her pussy lips and my tongue were making. I loved the way she smelled and I was going mad with her pussy in my mouth. “I see you learned a lot from watching porn with me!” she jerked my hard rod with her hand! I reached forward and grabbed her shoulders and with one quick thrust drives my hard cock deep inside her. I fucked her for half an hour and was fucking her like there’s no more life. The porn star showed me such sex positions, which I had never even heard of before. My wife had never let me cum in her mouth or on her face, but this crazy bitch screamed “Shoot your hot cum all over my face and tits, cover me with your jizz!” After cumming all over her tits I figured out we would be fucking quite a lot since I was pretty sure my wife would divorce me after this, LOL!