Sexy Jennifer sucks my dick and lets me fuck her hard for some extra cash! I met Jennifer, a beautiful brunette girl, on the street. I was walking around with my camera and filming random stuff and she really caught my eye. However, she told me she wasn’t comfortable with me filming her so I started a conversation to make her feel more at ease. As it turns out, Jennifer was just getting out of a job interview, she was desperate for work, down to her last five dollars and the interview didn’t turn out well. When I offered her some extra cash she could easily earn by taking advantage of her natural beauty and assets, she didn’t think twice. I told her I wanted to see her naked ass first. The sexy babe turned over and hiked up her pink miniskirt, giving me a good look at her delicious tender ass buns! I love her attitude, she didn’t shy away at all, despite the fact that we were in the middle of the street! Things were off to a great start with beautiful Jennifer and I wanted to see how far she was willing to go. I gave her a wad of cash and we looked for a quiet place in an alley way. By this point, she had her cotton panties dangling down her knees and I was pitching a massive tent under my pants and I wanted her to take care of it. I didn’t have to after twice, her hands were all over my bulge, rubbing and massaging it and judging by the naughty smile on her face, she wasn’t just doing this for the money, she was really enjoying herself and I was sure that otherwise Jennifer wouldn’t have agreed no matter how much money I could have offered her, I love that! “Damn!” she exclaimed with a dirty look after realizing just how big my cock was. She got down on her knees, holding it firmly by the base while sucking it. She stroked it, slurped it and deep throated it. “I hope no one sees us” she said, licking my balls and deepthroating my dick. Then she laid flat on her back, spread legged and rubbing her pink twat. “No one will see us here, don’t worry” she said. My cock was teasing her opening, rubbing the ehad of my cock up and down against her slit, massaging her pink clit. Her vagina was warm and slippery. “Right” she said “Stick it in me and fuck me quickly. But don’t you dare cum in me – do you understand?” I nodded quickly grabbing her hips and pushing my cock towards her wet cunt! I looked around hoping no one saw and rammed my hard cock deep inside her and began fucking her in missionary position. Her pussy was so wet that her juices were flowing out of her cunt. I was thrusting faster and faster. My balls were slapping into her asshole. She confessed that dogging was one of her fantasies, along with having sex with a stranger, so she was killing two birds with one stone, LOL! I wanted to fuck her doggie style real bad too, so I put her on her hands and knees, plowing her snatch from behind.   I rammed my cock deep into her and she groaned and pushed back against me. “Oh yes, do it now, doggy fuck me, quickly” I pulled down on her bra, exposing her delicious titties, her nipples were fully erect as she kept giving me dirty looks, moaning and grunting while I banged her. This bitch’s ass was fabulous, big, round, meaty and tender! Like a fucking steak! She looked around, making sure there weren’t any eavesdroppers while straddling herself on my cock and riding me. This only turned me on and I started pushing harder. I felt i was going to cum but i continued to fuck her, unable to stop. I swear she could feel my cum hitting her belly inside! I absolutely emptied my sperm, lovingly into her body. DONT CUM IN ME!!!! Her pussy squeezed defensively around his cock, trying to push him out. Suddenly she began to cum too, her pussy spasming on my cock. Her pussy was completely full of my white seed. She just couldn’t believe it.