This beautiful brunette goddess is pampering herself with a warm bubble bath and scented candles, and when her sexy blonde roommate sees how much fun she is having she reminds her that tub is big enough for two, slipping off her blue bathrobe and joining her in the bubble bath. The mature lesbian is more than happy to have her young teen roomate as a guest and the naked girls kiss and caress, soft and gently. The naked woman sits by the edge of the tub, spreading her legs as the luscious blond spreads her pink pussy lips with her fingers, darting her soft tongue in and out of her snatch, tasting that delicious juices that flow from her cunt. The brunette moans and gasps, her body squirms as she holds on tight to the faucet, feeling how that slick tongue touches every right spot, sending erotic shivers up and down her spine, giving her goose bumps. Her nipples get fully erect as she feels that pink tongue wriggling inside her pussy, exploring every nook and cranny. She pushes the blond’s face against her crotch, biting her lip as her body convulses under the strength of a powerful orgasm provoked by her blond lover. Her shaved pussy looks exactly like an orchid…..gorgeous! The teen girl makes her stand and bend over, her hands over the tub’s edge as she gets her delicious bubbly butt spanked by her. She lifts a leg so her lover can reach under and continue eating her out while slapping her ass and stimulating her tight asshole with her fingertips. The naked girls get out of the tub and trib, rubbing their pussies one against the other before forming a steamy 69, tongue fucking their gushing cunts and fingering each other so they can reach an intense, steamy simultaneous orgasm. The MILF continues administering wet licks up and down her slit while the young lesbian writhes as if in pain, cumming continuously. She sucks her clit in and out, in and out, of her mouth. She’s moaning so much louder than any guy ever moaned from a blowjob. She is going mad with her pussy in her mouth. The girls both play with their clits and push themselves to climax, eating pussy like crazy, kissing, sucking nipples, tribbing, moaning so loudly… This is a perfect video for anyone who likes seeing naked girls licking each other’s pussies to an orgasms. Just incredibly sexy. Fantastic pussy heaven, not even sure which delicious pussy I would devour first. 