My sexy ass ebony GF is all about twerking and she is the absolute best at it, hands down! So much so, she decided to make a channel about twerking and asked me to help her film a video of her shaking her beautiful ass! Of course I was more than happy to help my girl out! She put on a sexy pair of tight red leggings, a white tanktop, her sneakers and a hot red choker around her sensual neck. She looked fucking gorgeous! I got the camera rolling and she started her twerking instructional and as that big juicy ass bopped, I could feel my throbbing member bopping along with it under my pants, LOL! My girl’s twerking ass was making me hard as a rock! I zoomed in on that hot ass and watched it spin, grind, twerk and bop like crazy! We took a break and my girl could see how fucking turned on I was, and one of her sexy chocolate nipples was poking through the side of her tanktop, making me even more turned on, so she decided we needed to get that out of the way so I could get my head back in the game and focus on filming her. She got down on her knees, pulled down my slacks and gave this really surprised look when my cock sprung like a fucking Jack-in-the-Box, missing her face by just an inch! She had this dirty smile on her face, my girl loves it when she gets my cock so big and hard. She stroked it while taking the tip to her lips, passing her tongue all around it, slurping the glistening precum oozing from my tip. She gave me a slow and sensual blowjob, working the tip of my cock in circles for a long while before moving down the rest of my shaft. By then, I was so fucking hard and she was so fucking wet that she couldn’t wait to have me inside her. I lied flat on my back and she straddled herself on top, rubbing my cock against her hairy snatch and pushing it inside her, filling her inch by inch until I was totally in. Now it was her turn to twerk on my cock! My girl looks so sexy mounted on top of me, with her tiny titties, her perky mocha nipples, her red choker and that flushed expression on her face as she rode me cowgirl style. Imagine you are on your back. Towering over you, on you, is the sexiest sight in the world. Your sexy girlfriend, in love with you. Combined with the grit and determination of someone trying everything she can to bring you pleasure. Your eyes move lower and you admire the sexiest part of the sexiest sight in the world, her pussy sliding up and down on your cock, her beautiful breast with hard swollen nipples bouncing in every direction as she makes love to you with abandon. The view of my naked girlfriend riding my dick; her lovely tits, her black pussy, her sexy stomach, was literally breathtaking. She has such a tight, slim body. Amazing hot girl, yes… I held tight to her hips and closed my eyes as the feeling of her tight warm pussy squeezed and massaged my cock. But before I come, she teasingly stops. Just at the right time. She knows I don’t want to come yet, and knows exactly when to mount her pussy and get my cock inside of her.   She flipped over, riding in reverse, pushing her hot ass up and down and I grabbed it with my hands, squeezing on her chocolate butt cheeks, listening to her moaning and grunting as I banged her hard. My sexy black girlfriend lay on her back with her legs spread. I moved between her legs and looked into the nicest pussy I had ever seen. She wrapped her long sexy legs around, pulling me into her pussy. Her eyes rolled back as she began to climax more intently than any orgasm she had ever felt. Her sexy ebony body went into convulsions as I continued to drive my cock balls deep into her! Her pretty pussy lips clamped around my cock, I knew I couldn’t last much longer. “Baby, I want your cum all over me, just dont stop” She grabbed my throbbing cock and began suck it like crazy, moaning and arching her body, and I blew my creamy load all over her smoking hot body. As much as she loves making twerking videos, she told me she would much rather film amateur porn with me from now on! Yeah!