This hot and spunky teen girl with blue glasses, pink tank top and skimpy denim shorts and all her school friends had been jerking off to my porn, these teen sluts had fantasized about fucking me for real but she was the only one who actually dared to come over to my place and tell me up front about her dirty fantasies, so she deserved a special price for her motivation and commitment and I decided to make her fantasy cum true. One more stupid young cunt was looking a man for sex without commitment! The tiny girl jumped into my arms and shook her juicy bubble butt for me and I lifted her up and watched her spreading her legs wide open, sitting her on my lap and spanking that juicy ass. I put my hand down her shorts and lace panties, only to realize that she was soaking wet down there. She came for my dick, so I let her have a good look, her eyes almost popped out of their sockets as she pulled down on my pants and watched my massive erection. The teen girl was so excited, jumping in her spot as she took my huge cock in her small hands, sucking and stroking it. I watched her attempting to deep throat my cock, and to be honest, she fell short just by a couple of inches and looked so sexy choking and gagging on my sausage. I made her lie on her back on the couch with her head dangling over the edge and fed her my dick, stroking my shaft and sucking my balls. The tiny naked girl wrapped her legs around my belly, dangling behind my back and sucking my cock, so fucking hot! She got down on her down on her hands and knees “Oh how bad I want you to pound my wet pussy!” She took my dick and rubbed her pussy lips with it, then started rubbing her clit with it. I grabbed her ass with both hands and my huge cock entered her young wet cunt. I was going so fast that I could feel her pussy pulling my dick in like it wanted to eat it. She wanted me to fuck her harder and deeper! The crazy slut roked her ass back hard to meet my thrusts! “OHHH, FFUUCCCKKK, MEEE! HAAAARDERRR!! YESSSSS!! FUCCCKKK MYYYYY PUSSSYYYY..” I was destroying her teen pussy, my balls were slapping against her pussy and she almost sang as she reached another orgasm. I pounded doggie style from behind and in several positions, piledriver, standing, with wild, never-ending abandon before blasting my hot cum right in her open mouth! She was only 18 but loves hardcore sex and knows how to suck, ride a huge cock and swallow cum! 