I injured myself a couple of weeks ago and today I finally get to go back to my apartment, although I have to wear a cast on my leg and use a wheelchair for several weeks. I was pretty bummed out by this, and felt even worse after my girlfriend pick me up from the hospital and took me back to the apartment, rushing upstairs and leaving me all alone, trying to make my way up. I could understand why she would do something like that, until I finally made my way to my apartment and found her waiting for me there, dressed up as the sexiest nurse in a smoking hot lingerie nurse outfit! She was so fucking hot!! DAMN This was so thoughtful of her, to do something like this to lift my spirits, and that’s not the only thing that was getting lifted, LOL! I was pitching a massive tent under my shorts! She got down on her knees, whipped my sausage out with a dirty look on her face, massaging it between her soft hands and popping it into her wet mouth, sucking, slurping, licking and kissing every inch of my dick and balls with tender love and affection. After giving me a glorious blowjob she laid back on an ottoman, opening her nurse’s coat, her big tits over her red bra, her pierced nipples totally erect as she spread her legs and invited me to fuck her tight cunt in missionary position. She kept her legs spread wide open as I pumped her with dick meat, rubbing her snatch with her beautiful hands with manicured scarlet red fingernails. She knows I love her in red! I sat on the wheelchair and she straddled herself on top, resting her juicy bubble butt on my lap, my rod sinking into her dripping cunt, pushing her sexy body up and down my lap, riding me in reverse cowgirl while I reached over and groped her big round tits, massaging them in my hands like pizza dough. After making her bounce up and down my dick and pressing her hot naked body against mine, she made me lie on the couch and rode me in reverse cowgirl, bouncing that sexy little ass until I was ready to blow my load and splatter hot cum all over it! 