This sexy girl is excited because she just received the dildo she bought online and she can’t wait to try it on. She strips down to her top, sexy garter belt and stockings, laying down comfortably, lubing up the toy and sticking it up her gaping ass while stimulating her gushing pussy with her vibrator. She’s having such a good time, she doesn’t even realized that her stepbrother was passing by, heard her moans, took a peek and saw her playing with her ass and is now spying on her while jerking off. He’s quite noisy, alerting her of his presence and stopping her just as she was getting into a good groove. There he is, looking at her and still shamefully jerking his rod! The naked girl gets up, grabs him by his cock and drags him to her bed, she has a feeling her stepbrother’s cock might feel even better than that big dildo she just got on the mail. The teen slut gets down on her hands and knees, sucking and stroking that delicious dick while fondling his balls with her hand. She must admit he has a fabulous cock, bigger and harder than any toy in her collection. She spits on his dick and spreads it like lube with both hands, lifting her top so he can get a good look at her big tits and perky nipples. She knows he likes her big tits, she’s caught him many times looking at them with a big tent pitched under his pants. Fucking pervert! He places his member between her big tits, wrapping them around it, massaging it, giving her stepbrother a boob job. They kiss and she feels his tongue in her mouth. He spreads her legs on her bed, shoves his big cock into her wet cunt with no hesitation and starts to fuck her hard. His balls hit her ass as his cock goes in and out of her. He pounds her cunt so hard and fast then it makes her squirt! He continues to pound in and out, the pussy juices spraying out with each thrust. He’s nailing her sideways from behind and that dick is so thick, she can feel her pussy getting stretched out as he slams her harder and faster. He jams a finger into her mouth and she sucks it like a dirty slut, she likes being his bitch, it makes her feel so nasty and filthy, it’s the biggest turn on of her life, even bigger than the first time she impaled her asshole on a butt plug! “Now I want to ride your cock!” The teen slut straddles herself atop and rides his dick in cowgirl position, rubbing her gushing pink clam, bringing herself to another squirting orgasm! Her wet, squirting cunt looks amazing! He plunges deep into her again.   “AAGGH!” she cries as his cock slams in and out of her cunt, her tits wildly bouncing with each thrust. “Harder! Oh fuck my cunt!” He pounds away furiously, driving her to another shattering cum, his hips slapping against her butt, his cock moving between her soaking cunt lips and his balls slapping into her anus. “fuck me from behind! fuck me from behind!” She gets down on her hands and knees so he can penetrate and fuck her doggy style. The teen slut spreads her ass cheeks apart so he can pound her deeper, she loves that big cock inside her and she can’t wait to know what it feels like getting anal fucked by her pervy stepbrother and then letting him blow his creamy load all over her sweaty big tits, her filthy face and her open mouth! Fabulous!