I came by to visit my girlfriend, but she was not home and her roommate answered the door… She’s a hot blond and she was wearing a sexy white tank top with skimpy yellow denim shorts and striped knee high socks. I asked if I could hang around until she came back, and she told me it was fine. She’s always around when I’m with my girlfriend, but I’d never be alone with her before. I went to the kitchen to wash my hands, and she sat on the kitchen counter. I couldn’t find any towel paper, and she told me they were in the lower kitchen counter drawer, so when I went to fetch it I couldn’t avoid getting a look of her denim shorts digging between her pussy lips at the crotch! Man, what a view! In the spur of the moment, she locked her legs around my neck, pushing my face against her crotch! Fuck, my girlfriend’s roommate didn’t waste any time! Just like that I lifted her up and carried her to the nearby couch. I peeled the shorts off her body, spread her long legs wide open and dived head first between her legs, cradling her ass in my hands while I ate her out. Man, I ate that pussy like it was the last meal on earth, who knows if I would ever get another chance like this! I lashed my tongue about her clit and inside of her wet hole. As I eat her out, I could hear she sigh and saw her close her eyes. What a beautiful asshole, buns, and pussylips! I stripped naked and she sucked and stroked my massive cock, confessing my girlfriend had told her many times how well endowed I was, and that she felt so fucking jealous and envious of her! After eating my Dick I pushed her body against the edge of the couch, spread legged her and pounded her dripping with pussy with my big sausage. She rubbed her pussy while I fucked her, moaning and grunting with pleasure. She pulled her tank top over her tits, massaging them, pressing them together and making sure I was taking a good look at them, since her tits are so much bigger and hotter than my girl’s! She squeezed them, pulling on her nipples as I kept fucking her and spanking her ass. She told me to lie on my back so she could straddle herself on top, removing her tank top and letting those beautiful tits bounce as she rode on my cock. I reached over and grabbed him, massaging them, feeling her erect nipples between my fingers as I played with them and stuffed her cunt with my Dick meat. She flipped over, riding me with her tits against my face and I grabbed her juicy butt with both hands, pushing her up and down until I was ready to blow my creamy load all over her face and tits! She told me we would keep this a secret, and now I passed by my girlfriend’s house every time she’s not there so I can bang her hot roommate! 