This sexy blond in a tight red tank top and skimpy Daisy Dukes is sleeping over at her best friend’s house. She needs to use the restroom, but she soon finds out her best friend’s dad is already using it. He’s taking a shower and he left the door ajar, she can see he’s been hiding something BIG under his pants and she wants it bad! His massive cock dangles freely, with soapy suds running down its surface as he showers. The sexy blond whips out her smart phone so she can get some pictures and maybe masturbate to them later. It’s so big, so thick, so hard, she can take it off her mind and she can’t wait until later, so she gets on his bed and begins touching herself over her closest while checking out the pictures she took of his hard cock. As she goes through the pics, she takes off her clothes, stripping down to her black lace thing and pulling it aside, rubbing and finger fucking her tight pink cunt until she hears noises, her best friend’s dad is coming back to his bedroom! She obviously didn’t think this over, so she grabs her clothes and scrambles under the bed. As soon as he drops the towel and leaves that throbbing cock exposed, she pounces on it like a prowling tigress! He is confused at first when his daughter’s best friend sucks and stroks his cock, but then he grabs her head, holds her head still by her golden locks, pounding her mouth and throat with his massive sausage. I have never known a man who could resist sticking his cock into a young, wet, hot cunt. She chokes and gags as he fucks her mouth and she deep throats it, sticky ropes of saliva dripping from it as it exits her mouth and she gives him a messy blowjob. What his cock lubed and drenched in her drool, he puts this bitch on her back, spread eagles her and rams his hard cock deep inside her tight cunt, fucking her hard in missionary position. Naked girl hops on top and rides on his cock while he massages her pussy, pinning her to the bed and pounding that tight teen snatch from every single angle. His cock is so long that he is touching parts of her that have never been touched, changing her pussy forever. The girl feels her orgasm, and wraps her legs around him. He is shoving his dick incredibly deep into her, furiously, pumping in and out. He frives his 11 inch cock balls deep into her pussy, ramming the full length of his cock to the hilt into her womb and exploding deep inside her, filling her womb with his hot sperm and coating the insides of her pussy. After fucking her hard and cumming in her he hopes his daughter doesn’t get to upset with him for fucking another one of her best friends! 