These young beautiful girls have always dreamed of becoming a famous ballerina, and after saving money for several months they are finally saved enough to pay for ballet classes with the most famous instructor in town. They are so excited! As soon as the girls begin the first lesson, they feel a very special connection to each other. The sexual energy between the girls is so raw and powerful as they move closer to each other. After stretching each other supple legs at the ballet barre, the girls begin kissing softly, feeling each other’s hands caressing their tight ass. In white leotards with their blonde buns bouncing, the two young girls look like two pirouetting angels. But these tiny dancers are enjoying their private lesson a bit too much! The girls can feel their pussies gushing already, probably drenching the crotch area of the ballerina outfit. Better excuse to take it off. The girls are interrupted by the instructor, he’s very curious regarding what’s going on and the girls invite him to join them for a very special private class! Both ballerinas reach under his pants, his cock is already big and hard since she had been watching them making out from behind the curtain. The young girls massage it with their tiny hands, getting down on their knees so they can suck it together. The naughty students just can’t get enough of that delicious dick, licking and slurping it, polishing his balls with their slick tongues. He pushes the tiny blonde’s head against his crotch, ramming his cock down her throat, thick ropes of saliva dripping from the sides of her lips as the other girl dangles her face upside down arching over the horizontal dance bar, helping her suck that cock some more. The pretty spinners offer to turn their pas-de-deux into a pervy threesome! The student stands, leaning over the bar, and guiding that hard cock into her dripping wet cunt so she can get fucked very hard from behind while her friend watches her. The naked ballerina places a leg over the bar and between fucks, the other pupil relubes the stud’s cock with a good blowjob, tasting her pussy on it before pushing it back inside her cunt. The tiny blonde wants some dick too, so the stud lies flat on his back and the small girl straddles herself on top, riding him in reverse cowgirl in perfect form. She has a great body for those who like skinny girls! The other girl is down on all fours, licking and sucking on her perky nipples. She rubs her cunt and sucks the stud’s delicious dick before taking her turn on top.   She chooses classical cowgirl so she can squat over his cock and work out her juicy bubble butt while that powerful boner drills her pink clam and makes her gush. Her friend stands before her so they can kiss and touch while she rides that cock and then the petite girl sits on the bar and gets fucked while she sucks that dick underneath. The horny girl licks her anus and his balls, while his cock is going in and out of her cunt, so sexy! They kneel side by side and he moves from one pussy to the other, fucking their young wet pussies, awesome! Bending their petite bodies into lots of sexy positions, these two young naked dancers take on his huge cock together in the hottest performance of their lives. Fantastic duo! He finally cums all over their pretty faces and hot bodies, leaving them shiny with cum! Welcome to the wonderful world of ballet! If this is what the first day of classes looks like, the girls can’t wait for their next lesson!