My stepsis was excited to meet her new stepbro! She barged into my room hoping to shower me with kisses and hugs… she stepped in on me while I was jerking off! She opened the door to my bedroom without knocking, and there I was, totally naked while stroking my big throbbing cock! Instead of acting all stuck up, she decided to show me how cool she was and jerk me off! After all, judging by the way she kept staring at my cock, I was pretty sure she liked what she saw. She got closer and leaned over, taking my cock in her hands and feeling how big it was with a very naughty smile on her beautiful face. She bit her lip and moaned softly, placing a hand over my thigh as she stroked me and smiling as I told her how fucking hot she looked. She took off her denim jacket and lifted her white top, showing me her fabulous big tits. Her nipples were already perky and erect and she cupped them in her hands, squeezing them hard and pressing them together. She made them bounce up and down, asking if I liked them and went back to stroking my cock. She did it so slow, almost in slow motion, it felt like torture and I knew she was enjoying every minute of teasing me like this. I knew it would be worth it at the end, when her creamy lips finally touched the tip of my dick. She stretched out her pink tongue and lapped the tip, tasting the glistening precum oozing from it. Then she gave me the finger and left me hanging! What a fucking tease! She left me with blue balls! A couple of hours passed and I still had a raging erection and after teasing me silly, touching herself over her panties and then naked she finally spread her legs and let me fuck her! I rammed my hard cock deep inside that deliciously tight cunt, pounding her hard in missionary position while she played with herself. I lied flat on my back on the living room floor and she straddled herself on top, letting my cock sink deep inside her cunt and riding me. I put her down on her hands and knees on the sofa and admired that delicious bubble shaped ass, it was so fucking big and meaty! I penetrated her from behind and fucked her doggie style! She loved it and I gave it to her real hard, banging away at that pink gushing snatch and making her beg for more! After a sensational fuck, I finally got to cum, releasing all that hot cum in my swollen balls all over her! Many of my friends have sisters just like me, but they always tell me they are stuck up bitches. My stepsister is no way like that, she’s so fucking cool and laid back. 