My friends and I had been trying hard as fuck to move up on our cheerleading squad, but we kept falling short, so we decided to go straight to the coach. We managed to find his house and since he was there we decided to audition for him, so he could see how hard we were working to improve. Of course we made sure to bring our old outfits, you know, the ones that are so short they hardly cover our panties as she bounced around, making our moves and flashing our sexy naked skin for the coach to see. In a matter of minutes, he was pitching a tent, good sign! I had a very special routine in mind for the coach, crawling on my knees, rubbing and stroking that throbbing bulge over his pants. We had been told the coach had a huge cock and I was more than eager to take a look myself. I unzipped him slowly, totally in awe as I saw that massive erection standing so straight, his cock was so thick, with beautiful veins running up and down his hard shaft, the tip of his dick glistening with precum. As my cheerleader friends watched in shock, I popped it in my mouth, sucking and stroking it. It was my own dirty little private fantasy given our coach a blowjob, I masturbated thinking about it so many times. I moaned softly while giving him head, rubbing my nose and cheek up against his cock, licking his balls, looking into his eyes, making sure he was enjoying it and making him know how much I was enjoying it too. The coach told the girls that I definitely had the type of devotion a cheerleader squad captain needs. He suggested they should follow my lead, and the girls got on their hands and knees, crawling right next to me so we could all suck and jerk his hard rod together, licking and slurping his dick and balls. The coach sat back, as one of my friend straddled herself on top of his cock, pushing it deep inside her pussy and riding him in reverse cowgirl while I made out with him, feeling his strong hands all over my naked body, groping my big tits and rubbing my gushing snatch. I was watching his hard cock sliding in and out of her, over and over again. I let my other friend, a sexy blonde, enjoy his attention too, watching him play with the girls, his big cock thrusting in and out of my friend’s tight cunt. My blonde friend sat on his face so he could eat her out and rim her asshole and I finally got to climb on top and ride him, feeling his big cock fucking me so hard while I press my big tits against his face, making him suck on my nipples. As the length of his cock slid into my little pussy, I thought I would cum right then and there. He pins my shoulders to the rug and fucked me in a piledriver while my friends watched. I felt my pussy walls constricting around his cock as he stretched me out. My pussy began to spasm around him and he yelled out, “that’s right, my bitch, fucking cum for me. Cum on this cock!”   I was so turned on that I was cumming again and again. The girls rubbed my juices all over my pussy and the cheeks of my bum. He pulled his big cock out of my cunt and the other girl spread her legs for him. He lifted her in his arms, she wrapped her legs around his waist and he kept pounding her pussy. “cum in my face, cum in my face” the girls yelled. He pushed his cock between our faces, with each of us running our mouths and tongues along his shaft. He grabbed my head and jerked it hard against his crotch forcing his cock almost completely down my throat. The naked girls were licking his balls. And when I felt his warm cum shooting in my mouth. His cum filled my mouth. I struggled to swallow most of his cum. When he pulled out it flowed out of my mouth and the girls began to lick and eat it! They were swallowing as fast as they could.