This cute brunette teen is having a sleep over with her best friend, who’s worried because her titties are too small. She tells them they are cute and stands in the mirror next to her, comparing their breasts. Her friend tells her hers are so much bigger and perkier and grabs them when her stepbrother Johnny walks in on them! She doesn’t make much of it, but Johnny’s intrusion has obviously left a mark on her best friend, who later finds herself masturbating on the lower bunk in the bedroom while fantasizing about Johnny and his big cock! When she looks up she realizes that Johnny sneaked into the bedroom, telling her to stay quiet as he gets in the lower bunk bed with her! He whips out his big throbbing erection and her jaw almost dropped to the floor, it’s so fucking big and hard! She holds it by the base and sucks it and Johnny gets behind her, slipping her cotton panties and sliding his boner deep inside her dripping wet snatch. He puts a finger in her mouth and she sucks it avidly while he pumps her with dick meat and although they try being quiet, Johnny’s stepsister wakes up and sees what’s going on in the lower bunk. When the lights go on, they realize they are busted and the best part is that she wants to join her best friend and her stepbrother in a steamy threesome fuck! She lies next to her friend, sucking and stroking her stepbrother’s cock with her and massaging his balls with her hands as she deepthroats his sausage. Her friend straddles herself on top and rides his big cock in reverse cowgirl, holding on to the upper deck as his stepsister watches them, spread legged and masturbating herself. She wants to know what it feels like getting fucked by her very own stepbrother, so she bends over and he rams his cock deep inside her gushing pussy, pounding her hard from behind. The sensation is simply exhilarating, her body squirms as he fucks her and she has hot lesbian sex with her friend. Johnny takes turns banging them both until he’s ready to blow his load, blasting lots of hot cum all over their faces. CUM SWAP! FUCK YES! From now on he’s joining them in every sleep over! Thank you for the swallow at the end! LOVE this scene, the girls are so HOT and the concept is great. Kimmy has never been hotter. Well done! She is the most beautiful girl in the porn industry! 