This sexy blond teen can’t believe how fit her next-door neighbor is. She’s a hot blond cougar, and she has an incredible figure. After asking her for some fitness tips, she invites the young girl to come over and work out with her. The blond teen is excited, she knows her sexy next door neighbor will get her in shape in no time, her hot mature body is living proof that she knows what she’s doing! The cougar puts her on the static bike and as she works out, she notices her hands around her shorts, pulling them down and exposing her bubble butt and snatch! She thinks it’s all part of the method, until she feels her ass cheeks getting spread and the cougar’s slick tongue playing with her asshole! She just has this overwhelming desire to lick her ass crack from top to bottom, spread her cheeks and give her an ass rimming she will never forget. The girl keeps pedaling, while the cougar eats her out from behind, but she wasn’t counting with the hot MILF’s stepson walking in on them in the middle of their sexy routine! He’s quite shocked at first, until his naughty stepmother invites him to join them for a kinky threesome fuck about which his father doesn’t need to find out, it can be their little dirty secret! The hot teen neighbor gets on her knees and begins sucking and stroking his juicy cock. His horny stepmom also wants to get a taste of that big cock and joins the neighbor, giving him a double handjob and blowjob combo that almost makes him blow his load on the spot, but they are just getting started. Watching his very own stepmom latched on to his cock while massaging the teen’s tits turns him on so much and they fondle and suck his balls, drenching them in drool. The sexy blond teen lies back on the yoga mat and spreads her legs, so her neighbor can pound her dripping wet cunt with that big juicy cock. While doing so, she massages her cunt and the naughty cougar plays with her big tits and sucks on her perky nipples. She’s been in a threesome before, a long time ago with her ex-boyfriend, but never with a stepmom and stepson, that’s so hot! The cougar sits on her face so she can eat her out, fondling her tits and her clam, watching how her handsome stepson fucks the next door neighbor. The blonde climbs back on the static bike and pedals while fucked from behind by the stepson, who also rubs her slit and gropes her tits, squeezing them like grapefruits. His stepmom straddles herself on his hard cock and rides it, it feels so good fucking his dad’s wife! After fucking them both and watching them have hot lesbian sex he shares his hot and creamy cum with his stepmom and neighbor! This is the best fitness program ever and the sexy blonde teen promises to return the next day, as long as the hot cougar’s stepson also joins in on the class!   It’s every guys fantasy, getting to fuck your girlfriend and her smoking hot mature mom in a steamy threesome and it happens right here! MomsBangTeens is a place of wisdom and experience, after all, these sexy mature mothers have learned a lot from years of fucking and now they want to share their sexual wisdom with their sexy teen stepdaughters and their hot boyfriends! This is a place of lust and wild sex, as the hot MILFS seduce these young and innocent teen girls in search of new experiences, taking part of the hottest and wildest threesome sex parties with their boyfriends!