My stepsister is a sexy brunette with a delicious piece of ass and we had a very special relationship, meaning we used to fuck our brains out nonstop, at least that was the case until I started dating my current girlfriend. Thing is, my horny stepsister is kind of jealous and today it seemed she wanted me to fuck the shit out of her, not paying any attention to my GF who was in the house having breakfast with us! While my girl enjoyed her cereals and orange juice, my stepsister was flashing me her fabulous meaty ass behind her back, can you fucking believe that shit? I’m only human, I may not be tapping my stepsister anymore, but she still makes me hard as fuck! She just oozes sexuality and is a real girl to fantasise about, such a lovely face and well formed body in every aspect. I tried to act like nothing was happening, while she made cock sucking motions and flashed me her big tits. Somehow, I managed to get through, and finally had some time to take a shower and clear my head. That’s when the shower curtains opened up, and my naked step sister hopped in the shower with me! She took my cock in her hands and watched at me, she smiled like a devil woman. My girlfriend was still in the house, and she could come into the bathroom any second! My stepsister obviously didn’t care, she got on her knees and started sucking and stroking my cock with a with a pretty pleased and enjoyed face. Part of me wanted to stop my horny step sister, but a bigger part of me didn’t want her to stop! My girlfriend actually walked in while she was blowing me! I almost get busted, but the big surprise would come later when I heard my stepsister and my girlfriend talking in the bedroom. Something seemed off, I when I looked I saw the girls making out! Fuck, my stepsister was hitting on my girlfriend! Finally I had a good justification to fuck them both without feeling any guilt! My naked step sister set on my girlfriend’s face and she was really working on her pussy, she was sucking and licking her like a possessed woman. I stood there mesmerized when my horny step sister smiled and crooked a finger, beckoning me! I jumped at the opportunity, pulling down my shorts and taking my cock out. My girl didn’t see me, she was lying on her back with her face between the stepsis legs, her pussy completely exposed. I took my cock in hand and guided it to her inviting slit. “Fuck her like the slut she is. Fuck her cunt!” my step sister told me. I began pounding my girlfriend’s dripping wet snatch while she ate my stepsister out! The cat was out of the bag and there was no reason to keep any more secrets, what a relief! I watched my stepsister making out with my girlfriend and masturbating her while I fucked her! I lied flat on my back and let the girls suck my dick together. I was in heaven! I couldn’t believe the incredible sensation of having my dick sucked by two girls at once. My stepsister then got onto the bed and over top of my dick. To my surprise, my girlfriend was watching this scene intently, she was really turned on. The stepsis opened her knees exposing her pussy. She has a lovely pair of cunt lips and a divine arsehole. The teen slut writhed and ground down on me like she was in the throes of a seizure. My girlfriend sat on my face so I could eat her out while they both continued having their hot lesbian make out session! Watching my girl fondling my stepsister’s tits and rubbing her pussy was such a turn on, this threesome was the best sexual experience I had ever had! I loved my stepsister’s swollen vulva and how she could contract her vaginal muscles. It was truly beautiful to see two naked girls riding my face and cock together, cumming one by one. i couldn’t believe my eyes, how impressive her cock riding skills were. More like a belly dancer than a rider. She was moving her pelvis back and forward, rubbing her clit against me, rotating her hips, pushing her slit down onto my cock, squeezing me with her vagina, slower, then faster. Her head was falling from one side to other, her beautiful big tits were bouncing in my face. I thought I would cum right in her! “Not so fast” my girlfriend said, pulling my hot throbbing cock out of the stepsister’s cunt and sucking it.   She got on her knees with her sexy ass in the air, spread her ass cheeks with both hands, “Fuck me like you just fucked her!” I grabbed my dick with one hand, grabbed her butt with the other, entered her wet pussy again and began fucking her from behind, thrusting in and out fast and hard. She was pushing back with her ass against my cock and licking the stepsister’s cunt at the same time. After fucking the girls both in all possible positions I blew my creamy load all over their faces, open mouths and tits! I never before have came like that. I blasted my huge load right into their faces, shoving my cock in their mouths, and I was still cumming. The horny girls were moaning and sighing, and when my hard cock finally became limp after blowing thread after thread of warm cum they began to kiss and swap cum, promising to have threesomes on a regular basis after this!