Don’t miss one more video with the sexiest girl ever! With amazing all-natural body, with perky natural tits, long flexible legs, and a gorgeous booty Eva Lovia is almost too hot to be believed. The sexy babe prides herself on her seductiveness, saying “I can give you a look and you’re mine.” Danny has been taking acting lessons and having recently become an actor, he’s ready to meet his new co-star, lovely Eva Lovia, who comes over to his place so they can practice their lines for their upcoming film. Danny’s wife is very proud of him, he has made so much progress, and she wants to be supportive, so she leaves them alone so they can rehearse their lines in private and not get any interruptions. You know how actors are. What Danny’s wife doesn’t know is that her husband is going to be starring in a porn movie! Wait until she finds out! Sexy Eva doesn’t waste any time, dropping to her knees, grabbing Danny’s big throbbing cock and taking it to her mouth, sucking and stroking it like a pro pornstar that she is. “You’re huge!” “Do you really think so?” dude says knowing full well he has a twelve inch dick XD He has a fabulously big, thick cock, Eva actually struggles taking it all in, she loves it! While the dude is getting head from a porn star, his wife is cleaning the kitchen. Danny does his best to avoid her figuring out what’s going on and as soon as his jealous wife goes upstairs, he spreads the pornstar’s legs on the couch and dives headfirst between them, licking and sucking her succulent cunt. Eva massages her titties and plays with her nipples while getting her pussy eaten out. Just love those dark pussy lips. Know take your index and middle fingers on each hand and spread that pussy wide to make that perfectly beautiful pink butterfly. He just can’t get enough of her, she is working his tongue around the clit, up and down her wet slit and inside of her hot hole. He jerks his hard cock, setting Eva up on the couch so he can ram it deep inside her and fuck the beautiful porn star. He knew he promised to be faithful to his wife, he just never imagined he’d actually get a shot with a porn star, much less with one as hot as Eva! They strip naked on the couch and she sits on his huge cock. She reaches down and guides his erection to her pussy. She is the best at cowgirl! The way she moves on his lap is absolutely amazing, moving her hips back and forth, feeling his cock inside her, rubbing her clit. you can just imagine this hot naked babe riding your cock and squeezing it with her professional cunt. He bangs her sideways from behind. He puts her in missionary and watches her stimulating her clit with her fingers as he plows her harder and faster. He kisses her lips, banging her hard and she slaps her snatch, wanting more and more. Unlike his wife, Eva in an insatiable slut! Danny puts her down on her hands and knees, admires that luscious bubble shaped butt, sinks his face between her ass cheeks, licking her asshole and her slit and pops his dick back inside her, pounding her doggie style from behind. This babe is incredibly hot, absolutely top performer, taking that monster cock!   His 12 inch dick is almost all the way deep inside her lovely cunt. Eva asks Danny to sit on the couch and performs a split while straddling herself on top of him, riding his hard cock in reverse cowgirl while fingering her clam. He holds her by her tight ass cheeks and pounds her hard, then takes her back to missionary fucking, just as his wife comes into the room, bringing a tray with muffins for them. She finds her husband naked and fucking another woman, and the asshole doesn’t even stop banging the pornstar as he tries to explain her “this is not what it looks like!” He loves her, but he loves fucking this sexy girl much more! Eva is one of the sexiest women working porn today. Tight body, beautiful face, and one pretty little pussy. You need more of her immediately? Her face is that pretty, it has to be blasted with cum every time.