My roommate has been dating this sexy brunette chick and he told me today they were going to seal the deal, the thing is, I know something that she doesn’t. It didn’t take me long to overhear them arguing, she was mad that her boyfriend has a small cock and she’s not satisfied sexually! Hey, I have lots of love for my roommate, but I had such a hard time keeping a straight face as I eavesdropped on their conversation! She stormed off upset, and I sneak into his bedroom. There she was, spread legged and playing with herself, trying to get the satisfaction his small cock was unable to provide her. Good thing I was there! She looked so sexy, fondling and squeezing her big tits while rubbing her pussy under her denim shorts. She stopped, got up and started dressing up, visibly frustrated. When she looked up, she noticed me watching from across the door. My roommate had probably already told her about my huge cock, so she invited me into the room, so I could make her feel better. My cock was so hard, it actually sprung through the zipper! She was in awe, ready to suck and stroke it. This was the type of dick she liked, none my roommate’s micro cock! She placed it on her tongue and slowly guided it into her mouth with one hand, while playing with my balls with the other. After giving me head, she removed her panties, made them into a bunch and shoved them in my mouth with a naughty smile on her face, nasty! Completely naked she straddled herself on top of my hard cock, letting it sink deep inside that delicious tight, wet cunt as she rode me in reverse cowgirl. Her pussy muscles squeezed me tight as she rode me. Like a warm, wet, velvet vise. The sexy babe squatted over my erection, moaning and grunting, crying and screaming at the top of her lungs, begging me to fuck her nonstop with my massive cock! She rubbed her muff and flipped over, feeding me her big tits and tasty puffy nipples while humping my meaty boner. I grabbed her hips and pulled her around to straddle my face in a 69 position. The horny girl pushed her pussy into my mouth and took my cock in her mouth. I was going to cum right in her mouth when my roommate suddenly came back, the naked girl rushed to the door to close it, he was standing at the door but couldn’t see me. He was whispering that he loved her while I was shoving my hard cock into her cunt from behind. Finally he went off. She got on her knees and commanded me to fuck her as hard as I could. “Oh fuck yeah!” she screamed as I fucked her and my balls slapped her clit Both of us were moaning and groaning like crazy. She told me she never had anything so big inside her, that she was sorry she took the wrong roommate for her boyfriend, but that was all going to change now! She was going crazy, and I could tell from her moaning and the clenching of her pussy around my dick that she was cumming. I had both of my hands firmly around her hips and was starting to speed up my thrusts. I thought I would never stop cumming on her cute face. 