This dude comes back from dinner with his new date, a sexy brunette girl he met online, and introduces her to his roommate, a hot blond vixen who was watching TV with a silky robe covering her sensational body. He excuses himself for a few moments and his date attempts to follow him, but she’s cut short by his roommate, who pushes her against the wall, removing her robe and showing her smoking hot body in a sexy two piece black lingerie set. Yeah, she’s seen her online too, on a lesbian hookup site! The MILF lifts her top, taking a good look at her young titties and taking her nipples to her lips, licking them softly. The woman lies down on the couch and lets the teen girl straddle herself atop, sitting on her face so she can lick that delicious clam. She fingers her, making her moan and squirm, and after giving her a sensational orgasm, she pulls her black panties aside so she can reciprocate. The brunette spreads her legs, eating her out and as her date returns, he finds himself with a hot live lesbian show going on in the living room! He lets the girls finish and then walks in, pretending he doesn’t know what just happened. The girl asks to use the shower and while she’s showering, he gets naked and surprises her, joining her under the hot water. The naked girl gets down on her knees, sucking and stroking his juicy cock, and then she stands and leans over so he can penetrate and fuck her dripping wet pussy from behind. She’s still feeling so horny from her previous lesbian encounter with his roommate! While they fuck on the shower stall, the sexy blond roommate comes in. She wants his cock inside her cunt the same way her tongue just slid into her. Both girls get down on their knees, sucking and stroking his juicy dick together. The brunette leans over the bathroom sink and gets fucked from behind while the blonde watches. Then he lies on the floor, with his sexy roommate straddling herself on top and riding his cock in reverse cowgirl. The teen girl massages the blond’s big tits and rubs her wet pussy slit. He fucks his date in missionary position and then his roommate doggie style from behind, then blows his load all over their beautiful faces. He loves meeting a girl that enjoys fucking him and his roommate at the same time! 