I love dating young tiny girls and this skinny petite blond is so fucking hot, I couldn’t wait to take a bath with her. Once I had her strip naked, I took a bottle of lube and started pouring it all over her body, massaging it against her naked skin, her tiny titties, her tight little ass and her pink slit, seeing her getting slippery, glistening and wet. Once I had her lubed up and ready to go, I sat on the edge of the tub and let the petite teen fondle my balls and my hard cock with her lubed up hands, massaging it with both hands while sucking and licking the tip. Once she had my big dick as lubed up as her hot body, she sat on my lap, pushing that little bubble butt down against my cock, her tight pussy spreading wide open and gobbling it all up until I was inside her and she began bouncing on my shaft, looking over her shoulder with a dirty look on her face. Her tiny pussy was warmer and tighter than any other woman I had ever had. I let the teenage slut fuck herself on my pole before grabbing her waist with both hands and pumping her with full force. The petite naked girl flipped over, wrapping her legs around my waist and her arms around my neck, pressing her slippery naked body against mine, riding me in cowgirl position, moaning and grunting, whispering in my ear how big and hard my cock felt inside her, fucking her so good. She flipped over again, back to reverse cowgirl, holding on tight so she wouldn’t slip off my cock, as I lifted her up and kept pounding her while standing. That’s the good shit about fucking tiny girls, they are so lightweight you can fuck them in the craziest positions. She took the bottle of lube and poured some more all over her little titties, watching it drip down her belly and all over her pink slit. We kissed and she rubbed her cunt while I fucked her, slapping on her titties like a crazy little bitch. I lifted her up again, pounded her some more, then put her on her back, spreading her legs and plowing her cunt in missionary position. I was fucking her balld deep as she moaned and sighed. I rubbed her clit with my thumb while stuffing her with my dick meat, watching her dripping lube all over the place, finally pulling out of her snatch and blasting lots of hot and creamy cum all over her lubed up body and her dirty face! 