This horny teen slut is fascinated by her stepbrother’s cock ever since she watched him masturbating in the shower and she likes to sneak into his bedroom when he sleeps, staring at his throbbing erection for hours. She’s so fucking turned on and wet, she can’t resist just watching. She needs to know what it feels like having that big cock inside her! The naughty teen pulled her panties down and straddles herself on top, rubbing his meaty sausage between her dripping wet pussy lips, feeling how it parts her tender pink pussy lips. It feels so good. She puts her arms under her ass cheeks and opens them wide, sliding her wet slit the length of his dick. She slowly pushes it inside her, inch by inch, until it’s totally in. She feels so full! She pushes her juicy ass up and down his lap, riding her very own step brother in cowgirl position. Wow, her cute little ass looks absolutely amazing. The cameraman affords a fantastic close up view of her pussy and ass with everything beautifully exposed and open. By the way her sleeping step brother moans and grunts, he probably thinks he’s just having a wet dream, a quite vivid one indeed! The young naked girl gets off him, kneeling by the side of the bed, taking that big throbbing erection in her hands and popping it into her wet mouth. She licks and sucks his meaty sword, tasting her pussy juices mixed with his delicious precum. She makes sure she hasn’t awoken him, removes her pink tank top and straddles herself back on top, this time with her back and delicious bubble butt facing his way as she squats over his towering cock and rides him in reverse cowgirl position. She is so beautiful! Too thin? I think not. She has a great body for those who like skinny girls! This young girl is perfectly erotic and seductive, tall, slim body, sweet pussy, cute ass, sexy legs… She closes her eyes, enjoying the feeling of his hot hard cock throbbing inside of her pussy. All that knocking noise as she fucks him fails to awaken him, but the same cannot be said for her dad! He comes barging in wondering what’s going on! She’s fast enough to pull the covers over, so he doesn’t realize what’s going on. Her father leaves, and she’s left sideways, with her stepbro’s big dick still stuffed in her cunt. She likes this position, pushing her ass against his cock, increasing speed and tempo as she gets more turned on. Naked girl straddles herself back on top, ready for that final ride that will make her sleeping stepbrother blow his creamy load deep in ehr vagina! The feeling of his hot cum filing her insides was so new to her, she closes her eyes and is totally immersed in the feeling of his cumming cock deep inside her. His load fills up her cunt so fast, that the white sperm comes spilling out of her. After this hot fuck she no longer needs to jump her stepbrother when he’s sleeping, she can just wake him up and he will be more than happy to let her suck his hard cock and fuck her dripping wet cunt!   Family Strokes brings you the hottest and filthiest neighborhood stepmoms, older stepdads, barely legal sisters and their horny brothers falling into some serious family fun. Nothing is taboo behind closed doors for these sexy stepsiblings and stepparents that love mixing it up, taking off their clothes and sucking and fucking each other in the wildest sneaky and almost caught action. Beautiful mature stepmoms suck their stepson’s cocks and lick their stepdaughter’s young pussies, have hot threesomes with them and more! Stepsisters seduce their stepbrothers and have sex with their stepdads and get their faces and bodies blasted with cum! Very surreal family situations that might seem impossible, but surely they’ve happened somewhere!