My roomie thought she had the apartment all to herself, she obviously didn’t hear me coming back, because when I looked out the window, I saw her downstairs, in the patio, talking to somebody on her phone while stripping naked! Fucking hot! She bent over the couch, and I could see her delicious bubble shaped ass, her hand between her legs, rubbing and fingering her cunt while on the phone! I had a full view of her ass, asshole and cunt, man, this was unbelievable! This was the first time I actually saw her naked, and even better than that, masturbating herself! She was on her back, then got on her knees with her beautiful naked ass ass pointed in the air, fingering herself and rubbing her clit. Unfortunately, I tripped over something, and the sound alerted her, so she came back inside, asking if somebody was in the house. I hid, and after a while, she made up her mind that she was still alone, got on her bed and strip naked! Everything was going just fine, I was jerking off watching my sexy roommate pleasuring herself in the hottest and nastiest positions when my phone suddenly started ringing and I was busted! She got pissed and slammed her door shut! I waited for a few minutes and went over to apologize. She had time to cool down… but she was still hot! What a naughty look on her face, she asked if I could help her, like she needed to ask! She got done on her knees and pulled down on my pants, grabbing my still throbbing member in her hands, sucking and stroking it. This was a motherfucking dream cum true! I got on her bed and she straddled herself on top, pushing my hard cock deep inside her dripping wet cunt, squatting and riding me in cowgirl position, making her big tits bounce up and down. She rode me like crazy. I thrust upward to meet her downward thrust. I fucked this teen slut in all the positions and before each fuck she used her mouth so well on my dick. She just couldn’t get enough of my dick, telling me to fuck her brains out and not stop until I was ready to blow my creamy load all over her face and her mouth! After we were done, she confessed that she was actually happy that I had caught her masturbating, since she wanted to suck and fuck my hard cock for a very long time! Now I can watch her masturbate and fuck her anytime I want! 