This sexy blond teen nympho makes an appointment with a renowned local therapist to see if he can help her deal with her uncontrollable sex drive. She walks into his office and sits on his divan. His back is turned to her as she explains her situation, how she’s constantly thinking about sex, wanting it, dreaming about it all day and night. Even as she speaks, she gets terribly turned on, sucking on her lollipop and rubbing it up and down her wet pink slit. When he hears her moaning, he turns over, finding his young blond patient down on all fours, with her white panties around her ankles and probing her tender little asshole with her lollipop! This young girl looks absolutely amazing, she has a perfect petite body, wet pink pussy and cute little ass! I love it when beautiful girls do kinky things with a lollipop. He whips out his throbbing cock and jerks it, he knows it’s not professional, but he doesn’t really care a fuck. The patient turns over and sees the therapist standing before her with a huge erect cock, reaching over and taking it in her hands, sucking on it and licking his balls. As she does so, she removes her blouse, baring her beautiful titties while giving him a hands-free blowjob. The teen slut does her best to swallow his big cock. She drools all over his member, she definitely has an oral fixation. He fucks her mouth and throat with his meat pole, then he puts her down on all fours, hiking up her skirt, pulling her cotton panties to the side and ramming his cock deep inside her gaping asshole! Having taken care of her oral impulses, he now switches his focus to her anal fixation. His patient has a beautiful bubble shaped ass and she enjoys rubbing and massaging her dripping wet cunt while receiving anal sex from her therapist. Her little ass deservs a full load internal creampie! The good doctor lies down on his divan and lets his patient straddle herself atop, her back facing his way as she leans into his dick, riding him in reverse cowgirl. Her pussy is as tight as her asshole and sensing she has not been sufficiently disciplined, he spanks her tight buttocks, making her squirm as she pushes back against his hard cock. He jams his thumb deep inside her asshole, feeling her anal sphincter wrapping tightly around it, being double penetrated by her therapist will give her that sensation of fullness she has been longing for, which drives her uncontrollable nymphomaniac behavior. The young naked girl flips over, riding her therapist in cowgirl position, he rubs her clitoris to make sure she gets her orgasm. He is pounding into her ass so fast that she can barely catch her breath. The orgasms this young girl achieves from anal sex are the best she has ever had. He encourages her to touch herself while he fucks her and presses her sexy petite body against his own, groping her titties while stuffing her asshole with his thick rod, anally plowing her until he finally ready to blow his load, filling up her delicious asshole with his remedy, a creamy load of hot cum.   Her anus pulses around his throbbing shaft, milking every drop from his dick. Enjoy watching sperm drip from her skinny ass! Some of it running down her thigh, some running down into and out of her open cunt. They have definitely consolidated a solid therapeutic alliance and treatment looks promising! He will have to see her for several hours on a daily basis and this will probably be a very long treatment, LOL! Gina Gershon has a perfect petite body and brings a great performance with every scene. She always seems to be a happy, enthusiastic little nympho that enjoys herself. The fact that she loves anal makes this scene all the better. Thank you RK for a great scene!