Can you imagine meeting a legendary porn star while house-hunting with your girlfriend? Never in our wildest dreams would we have imagined that the house we were looking to rent belonged the beautiful brunette porn star Ava Addams! I had the camera rolling, to get video of the different houses we were looking at, and pretty soon I would be getting some pretty hot and unexpected footage as Ava changed in her room. The real estate agent left us to look around the house and as I checked the upper floor I noticed she left her door open and I could see, and film her while she changed in her room! HOT ASS MILF!! Her tits were something I almost couldn’t get my eyes off of. Her tits were absolutely gargantuan. Images of shooting my cum all over her gigantic tits was flashing before my eyes. I could hardly believe I was getting footage of her big tits and sexy ass! I went back down and a couple of minutes later, Ava joined us to meet her new roommates. She was looking at my girlfriend, I think she liked her! Oh my God, the girls started talking about tits, she started touching my girlfriend’s tits and asking to see them! I guess my girl didn’t want to seem uptight and close minded, so she played along! My jaw almost dropped when my girl asked if she could see Ava’s tits too! Without thinking twice, she lifted her top, exposing those beautiful big bubble tits and letting my girl squeeze and grope them! As you can expect, my cock was bursting out of my pants by now, it’s not every day that you get to see your girlfriend and a sexy pornstar feeling each other’s tits! The MILF noticed, asking my girlfriend if she could give me a little blowjob while she watched! My girl got down on her knees and got to work, sucking and stroking my cock while the porn star looked appraisingly at her cocksucking skills and nodded her head, I could tell she liked what she saw! Yay, Ava Addams was into my cock! She joined my girl, gobbling up my boner and massaging it between her big beautiful tits! I had to try hard not to cum on the spot! Her boobs squeezed me tight as she gave me a titjob. Then she invited us to the living room, where we all stripped naked and she told me to fuck my girlfriend. With her legs together and up in the air my girl guided my cock to her pussy and I slid my cock in. At first she just watched as I fucked my girlfriend in missionary position, but then the naked pornstar sat on her face, twerking her delicious bubble butt while my girl ate her out! She was smearing her pussy juices all over my girlfriend’s face, my girl was squeezing her big buttocks with both hands, I was pounding her cunt hard and fast.   The naked woman stood and leaned over the back of the couch, grabbing on tight as I fucked her from behind, lifting her body in the air as I pounded her porn star style! I still couldn’t wrap it around my head, I was actually fucking legendary porn star Ava Addams! I lied on down and the MILF squat over my cock, riding me in cowgirl position, her big tits bouncing up and down, my girlfriend fondling and caressing them. They were perversely huge. I felt her gigantic tits press against my face. My girl sucked my cock, played with Ava’s tits, made out with her and I took turns fucking the girls both as hard as they could while they traded blowjobs and had hot lesbian sex in front of me. The pleasure finally overcame me, I was blowing my creamy load all over their faces and Ava’s massive tits! My hot girlfriend began to lick cum off her huge boobs and didn’t miss a single drop. She then licked her lips with her tongue as if spreading lipstick on them. Of course we’re renting this house!