I gave my girlfriend the gift of getting fucked by two guys for her birthday! It was my girlfriend’s birthday and she completely forgot that a long time ago she told me she would love to have sex with two guys at once, but I had not forgotten, as this was going to be her very special birthday gift from me! I decorated the dorm room and told her to put on a very sexy outfit so we could celebrate. When I placed a blindfold over her eyes, she was so fucking curious! She got down on her knees, massaging the bulge over my pants, not knowing that my best friend was hiding in the closet, just waiting for my signal to come over and joining us. My girl stripped down to her panties, massaging my erection, exclaiming: “Baby, you’re so hard!” She jerked my Rod with both hands and took it to her mouth, sucking, licking, slurping and kissing it. I made her lie on her back, pulling her towards the edge of the bed, spreading her legs wide open while she massaged and fondled her tits. I signaled my friend to come out of the closet, and he started taking off his clothes as they took my girl’s panties off and penetrated her. She played with her nipples while feeling my lengthy cock penetrating her, spreading her pussy lips wide open with her fingers. While she moaned with pleasure, my friend was filming us and jerking his cock right next to us. At the right moment, I pulled out, and when she felt her pussy filled with cock again, she had no idea it was my friend’s! She was really enjoying that big cock inside her and I asked if she was ready for her surprise. When she nodded yes, I pulled the blindfold from her eyes and the look on her face as she realized she was getting fucked by my best friend instead of me was priceless. Even more priceless was the fact that neither he nor she actually stopped, LOL! She just stayed there enjoying that sausage pounding her pussy while I explained and just let herself enjoy the experience! My friend began to pound her pussy so fast, thrusting his cock up into her insatiable pussy, the dorm room filled with the sound of his balls slapping against her ass. His hands groped her entire body. I couldn’t believe I was watching this guy pound my girlfriend and I was liking it. This was a side to her I never could’ve imagined. “Fuck me, fuck me together! I want two cocks to explode in me at the same time!” She initiated another position change and put her knees on the couch so we could take her doggystyle. We took turns fucking her and spit roasting her, she was sucking our cocks while getting her pussy pounded hard until we were ready to blow your loads, blasting hot cum together all over her face and mouth! She was swallowing all our sperm like a crazy slut. My shy little conservative girlfriend is a freak in the sheets and I love it. 