This beautiful blond is in bed with her sexy blond girlfriend and after a good session of hot lesbian sex, she feels thirsty, so she goes downstairs to the kitchen to get herself a glass of water. She’s minding her own business, when somebody sneaks up behind her, grabbing her butt. It’s her girlfriend’s stepbrother, who is constantly hitting on her behind his stepsister’s back. She pushes him back but he whips out his big throbbing member, stroking it in front of her. She loves pussy, but that doesn’t mean she stopped liking cock! Since her girlfriend, his stepsister, is upstairs in the bedroom, she decides to have some naughty fun with this hard cock. The sexy blonde gets down on her knees, grabbing his beefy cock in her hands, popping it in her mouth and giving him a blowjob. Unfortunately, her girlfriend was feeling thirsty too, so she walked down to the kitchen, only to catch her stepbrother with his cock in her girlfriend’s mouth! She storms off back to her bedroom, with her girlfriend running behind her. She’s upset, but she hushes her, pushing her against the wall, pressing her hot body against hers and kissing her lips. The hot teenage lesbo turns her over, drops to her knees, pulls her shorts down and buries her face between her lovely ass cheeks. She can feel her tongue wriggling in her tight asshole and wet snatch. She licks her crotch, pussy slit and her asshole, all along the length of her crack, moving her tongue back and forth across my clit, sending waves of desire throughout her body. She gets the message, her girlfriend absolutely loves her. She spreads her butt cheeks with her hands, eating her out and the naked girls jump in the bed and trib, rubbing their cunts together. While these young lesbians are tribbing, her horny stepbrother has made his way upstairs, spying on them and jerking his hard cock. It’s so fucking hot watching his stepsister and her hot girlfriend having lesbian sex in front of him! When the girls look over and see him staring at them and playing with his dick, they invite him to join them for a hot threesome fuck. Her girlfriend just wanted to have fun with her stupid stepbrother and his fat cock, why can’t they all have fun together? The hot girls push him back on the bed, grab his cock and begin sucking and stroking that delicious member together. The lesbians realize that a hot dick feels much better than a pussy. Aint nothing better than a mouth full of warm cum at the end of it. The girls take turns sucking and deepthroating his cock, licking and massaging his balls then his stepsister’s girlfriend climbs on his cock and rides him in reverse cowgirl while his stepsister fondles her tits and sucks on her nipples. She rubs her pussy while watching her girlfriend taking that big cock in and she buries her face between her legs so she can lick her clit while she gets pounded hard.   These two naked girls look so hot! She screams and begins to cum. He continues to pound her pussy with his cock, her girlfriend continues to suck her clit at the same time and she continues to cum. Her girlfriend lies on her back and spreads her legs so she can eat her out, down on all fours, feeling her stepbrother’s cock drilling her tight cunt doggy style from behind! When his cock enters her, she just moans, “Oh…so big!” He grabs her cute little ass firmly with his hands and squeezes tightly, pounding her hard and fast. This teen lesbian loves the way he fucks her, no wonder her girlfriend wanted his dick so bad! After fucking these two young naked girls, he blows his creamy load all over their hot naked bodies! Watch more SneakySex scenes! Watch these guys sneaking behind their girlfriends and wives so they can enjoy a hot fuck! Let’s just hope they don’t get caught in the act! Check it out!