This sexy blonde is ready to sneak into the bathroom with her big rubber dildo and masturbate herself, but, much to her surprise, her sexy brunette cougar stepmom beat her to the punch and she’s already in the shower, pumping her dripping wet snatch with her very own rubber dick! The naked woman has it placed over the shower pane, bending over and taking it from behind, so her back is turned to her lovely stepdaughter, who places hers on the toilet seat, straddling herself on top so she can ride that rubber cock while watching her naked stepmom masturbating. It turns her on watching her stepmom’s juicy bubble butt pressing against the shower pane as with eyes closed, she drops to her knees, sucking on that big toy, tasting her pussy on it. When she opens her eyes, she realizes she’s not alone. Her competitive stepdaughter says she’s better at fucking the dildo than her, so the women begin a dildo fucking competition right there in the bathroom! The hot brunette watches the sexy teen pushing her ass against her dildo, stuffing her tight cunt with it, her pussy juices mixing with hers and it makes her very aroused. She takes her place and pushes that rubber cock as deep inside her snatch as she possibly can, moaning and grunting, doing her best to beat her stepdaughter. The naked girls place the toys on the tub’s edge and ride them together, the stepmom touching her stepdaughter’s tits, feeling her hard nipples and getting her big tits and wet cunt groped and rubbed by her. The girls sit side by side, their juicy bubble butts bouncing up and down on the dildos, they can’t resist touching their asses, watching each other fucking their toys gets them so fucking wet and hot! They move to the kitchen, place the rubber dick on a chair and keep competing, each one masturbating while watching the other ride the cock. The girls touch each other, kiss, swap tongue and the brunette spreads her legs over the counter so her hot blonde stepdaughter can eat her out. It’s no longer about the dildo riding competition, now they lust for each other and want to have the hottest lesbian stepdaughter on stepmother session, eating, licking and finger fucking each other to see who can make who cum first! Let’s see who wins! 