This smoking hot redhead MILF notices her lovely stepdaughter is feeling down. As it turns out, she got dumped again by yet another boyfriend. She figures out that what the teenage girl needs is just a little bit of practice. She knows how easy it is for women to get some cock, she shouldn’t be getting dumped by stupid boys, she should be the one doing the dumping! Determined to teach her stepdaughter, they go downstairs, where young painter Jordi is repainting their living room. He’ll be the perfect test subject! Without saying a word, the sexy redhead cougar walks up to him, strips off his overalls, grabs his cock and pops it in her mouth! The boy is speechless! The surprised step daughter watches as her step mom deep throats that huge cock, popping her big tits over her dress and fondling them. The MILF strokes and licks his delicious member while the boy reaches down, cupping her big tits in his hands. She spits on her hand and lubes up his meaty sausage with her saliva, proving her point. Now she wants the young girl to get some practice with his big dick. She gets down with her, teaching her how to deep throat dick, something guys just love. The sexy stepdaughter gets to practicing right off the bat, enjoying that big cock in her mouth and throat when her daddy shows up! The cougar does her best to distract him but he just turns at a bad time and catches his daughter giving the painter a blowjob! The cougar acts all surprised and promises to take care of it as he storms off! Take care of it she will indeed! She makes Jordi sit on the couch, sits her stepdaughter next to him, and straddles herself on his lap, letting his big juicy cock sink deep inside her dripping wet cunt as she rides him in reverse cowgirl, her delicious big tits bouncing up and down like basketballs. While she watches, she lets the young boy play with her tits, sucking his dick while he massages her stepmom’s cunt and squeezes her big tits! She takes off her clothes while watching them fucking on the couch, she is so turned on and so is her slutty stepmom. The teen girl takes her place atop his rod and straddles herself, riding him just like her stepmom did just minutes before. The naked girls take a break and the stepdaughter goes to her daddy’s studio to apologize, and while talking to him, bending over his shoulder, her cougar stepmom pulls her shorts down so Jordi can keep fucking her cunt from behind while talking to him! Then they head back downstairs, where the sexy cougar gets down on all fours, with Jordi pounding her dripping with pussy doggie style from behind while she makes out with her step daughter! The MILF enjoys teaching her how to pleasure any man or woman she wants, she’s a fast learner! Dont miss more this young lad in Milf scenes! 