This beautiful ebony cougar in a silky blue lingerie outfit is masturbating herself in her fiancées bedroom when she hears some noises coming down the hallway. It’s her stepson Jordi and his sexy black girlfriend sneaking into his bedroom! She covers her body with the sheets and places her hand over her mouth, masturbating as she can hear them making out in the hallway, what a turn on! She hears his bedroom door shut and sneaks in, curious to see what these young lovers are up to. She can see his girlfriend, a black teen with curly bangs and a tight body, totally naked and sucking his cock. Wow, her stepson has such a massive erection! She knocks on the door and when Jordi finally opens up, he finds his sexy stepmom in her lingerie, asking him to help her strap her bra at the back. While he does so, she rubs her delicious mocha bubble butt against his crotch, feeling his still throbbing erection underneath his shorts! She knows these two are still virgins trying to take each other’s virginity, and she wants so bad to be part of this experience. Oh what a lucky little bastard!! The sexy black babe turns over, putting her arms around his shoulders while Jordi undoes her bra, fondling and caressing her big mocha tits and feeling her hard nipples with his fingertips. It looks like he likes the dark chocolate more than milk chocolate! She gets down on her knees, grabbing that delicious hard on, sucking and stroking it and when his girlfriend comes inside looking for him she finds his boyfriend getting a blowjob from his hot stepmom! She’s pissed, but the sexy cougar explains how she can teach them a couple of things that will make their first experience an unforgettable one! The black girls suck Jordi’s hard cock together and he puts his girlfriend on her back and spread legged against the bed’s edge, popping her cherry and fucking her pussy in missionary position while his hot stepmom observes them and gives them guidelines. She sits on his girlfriend’s face, teaching her how to eat pussy, then she straddles herself on top of her stepson’s huge dick and rides it in reverse cowgirl, it feels so fucking good inside her! These young teens have lots to learn so she will be fucking with them on a regular basis until they learn! Threesome with 2 hot black chicks, fuckin nice Brazzers! 