I have been keeping my eyes on this girl for days, under the suspicion that she has been shoplifting in my store and I finally caught her red handed. Her modus operandi consists in taking a shit load of clothes to the dressing room and putting them all on and taking them back home with her, the bitch! She thought she was clever, but I outsmarted her! She begged me not to call the cops, and honestly, I didn’t do it just because she was fucking hot and I wanted to make her strip off to return the items she took. That would serve her well! Pretty soon I’d had her totally naked and standing right in the middle of my store. She had a sensational body, beautiful tits and pierced nipples. Honestly, I felt bad for her. She looked really ashamed and I think she learned her lesson so I figured out we could work a deal that would let her jail free and she agreed. She got down on her knees and unzipped my pants, her jaw almost dropping to the floor when she saw my massive dick just inches away from her face! The teen girl took my meat hose and went to ton on it, devouring it, swallowing it all the way down to my balls like a dirty bitch! After giving me awesome head, I put this dirty shoplifting bitch down on her hands and knees, penetrating her dripping wet pussy from behind and fucking her doggie style. Her bubble butt was delicious and her puckered little asshole between her juicy buttocks looked so sexy as I pounded her hard. I lied flat on my back and the naked girl straddled herself on top, letting my big cock slide inside her, stuffing her good as she rode me in cowgirl position. I put her on her back, spread her legs, rub my meaty cock head up and down her pink slit, separating her pussy lips and plunged it deep inside her, fucking her hard in missionary position. As I thrusted my balls were slapping against her ass and she was going crazy with my cock deep in her vagina. She grabbed her big tits, squeezing them and pressing them together, stimulating her pierced nipples while I fucked her forcefully. She wrapped her legs behind my waist holding me closer to her as her ecstasy began to grow, I felt her vagina walls clenched tightly around my shaft as her orgasm came crashing over her in wave after wave of pleasurable spasms. I kept thrusting in and out with all my power. “I want you to cum in my mouth…please…” The load filled up her mouth so fast, that the cum came spilling out the sides of her mouth as she tried to drink it down. Now she comes around the shop every week, not to shoplift but to get fucked, LOL! 