I was watching some TV when my girlfriend and her best friend came back from a male stripper show. It looked like the girls had some fun and they were acting all flirty. Her best friend told me that my girlfriend told her that my dick was much bigger than any of the strippers at the club! It is flattering for your girlfriend to brag about how big your cock as, but wanting me to show it off to her best friend felt a little bit awkward. Even when my girl left for a few minutes her friend kept insisting, so I decided to just get over it. I pulled my pants down and let her take a look at my massive meat sword. Thing is, she wanted more than just looking, taking my hard sausage in her hands, stroking it as she popped it in her mouth and blew me. My girlfriend came back and we tried to pretend like nothing happened other than her friend just looking at my cock, but she could tell by how big and hard my dick was that something else had happened. She was okay with it, matter of fact, she wanted us to keep on playing! My girlfriend started sucking my hard cock while her naughty friend watched, sharing my cock, sucking and stroking it together and even licking and sucking on my balls. It was so hot watching two naked girls blowing me at the same time! My girlfriend straddled herself on top, pushing my cock inside her pussy and riding me in cowgirl position with her best friend rubbing and massaging her clit. She masturbated herself and sucked on my girlfriend’s nipples while watching us fucking, but I knew she wanted me to fuck her too, and I wanted to fuck that bitch real bad! My girl got on her back, with her best friend on top, this way I could take turns fucking them both, two pink wet pussies! I went from one pussy to the other, while the girls played with each other, rubbing and fingering their wet cunts and sucking on my fingers until I was ready to cum. I thought I’d cum all over them but my girl wanted me to cum in her friend! Quickly she pushed me onto my back “I want you to cum in me baby” She controlled the rhythm and soon had me shooting streams of hot sperm deep in her vagina. I just was thrusting my cock deeper and deeper! she moaned as her body began to tremble in orgasm “I want you to cum more, deep, deep in my pussy.” I threw her off me, she fell on her back, spewing out a fountain of cum all over herself. My girlfriend grabbed her legs and began to lap cum out of her open cunt. 