My best friends and I were finally having that holiday vacation in a tropical paradise we had been planning for years. It was the perfect getaway and we were having the time of our lives, feeling hot and sexy, free and uninhibited and just when we thought it couldn’t get much better we found out that JMac and Sean Lawless, two male pornstars with the biggest cocks in the business, were staying next door to us! Can you believe that? We were so excited, screaming and jumping like schoolgirls. Since we were topless and acting all naughty, of course they came over and hung out with us by the pool! I got in the pool with Sean and it didn’t take long for him to whip out his big juicy cock and ask if I wanted to give it a suck, of course I did! I latched onto his dick like a leech! Finally, we were getting some cock on our vacation, and not just any cock, rockstar porn star cock! My other friend to care of JMac’s big dick while our other BFF filmed us with our camera. Of course we needed footage of this experience! The feel of his hot cock head in my mouth was voluptuous and I licked and sucked continuing my hand pump. I had never tasted anything so delicious in my mouth. I thought he was going to cum right there but the guys invited us to hang out in their suite, and that’s when the party got really started! JMac sat on the couch and my blonde BFF got down on her hands and knees, sucking his delicious dick and Sean sat by their side and let my other friend take care of his heft sausage. I was filming them, but I wanted so bad to be part of that spectacular blowjob session! The girls invited me to join and I jumped right it, licking balls and sucking dick with my best friends, yeah, that’s what real friendship is all about! My pussy was dripping, throbbing between my legs. “Fuck me! fuck me! Give me your fucking cock!” I was wild, begging his huge cock to be inside me. We straddled ourselves on top of our hot porn star lovers, pushing their big cocks inside of her dripping wet cunts and riding them, our tits and juicy bubble butts bouncing up and down their laps. We got our butts slapped and our pussies stuffed. JMac was power fucking my girl in his usual raw style, as they flipped over on Sean’s cock so I could ride it in reverse cowgirl like so many of his costars have done before me, it made me feel so special! The guys pinned our shoulders to the floor and spread legged us, power bomb fucking our gushing cunts and I could feel my sweat drenched in my naked body as I touched myself and told my lover how big and hard he felt inside me and how bad I wanted him to fuck my brains out and drown me in his cum. They put us side by side so we could make out while they fucked our pussies.   The naked girls began to yell “fuck me, fuck me harder, split my pussy apart”, “Cum in my face, in my mouth, shoot it in me…” We lied on the couch with our heads hanging over the edge of the sofa and the guys began to cum in our faces, shooting hot loads of sperm in our mouths, hitting our faces! I began to cum like crazy! Pussy juice was running down my ass! I just kept cumming, I thought I’d never stop. One of my friend began to lick the white cum of my face. They finally blasted all their cum all over our bodies, letting us know they had a blast with fucking us all weekend!