Arielle and Pepper are two spoiled bitches, all they do is go out on shopping sprees and maxing out their daddies credit cards. The teen girls just came back from the mall, loaded with bags filled with shoes, clothes, makeup, accessories and lingerie. Their dads are outraged with the way these girls are coasting through life while they work hard for their money, but the girls just go upstairs to try on their new stuff. The dads try to give it one more shot and head upstairs to attempt to talk some sense into their daughters, but when they get their they can see them through the partially open door, half naked as they try on some of the lingerie they just purchased. Taken by surprise by this view, they clumsily stumbling to the bedroom. The guys try to explain them the value of money and all that shit, but their daughters look so fucking hot in that sexy lingerie, it’s really hard to focus. The girls tell them they got this lingerie for them and offer them a deal, since they pay for their clothes, they can swap daughters and fuck them, and feel like they are getting their investment back! It’s a crazy idea, but Arielle’s dad is into Pepper and Pepper’s dad wouldn’t mind banging Arielle one bit, LOL! The girls start making out on the spot with their swapped dads, pulling their pants down, grabbing their big throbbing cocks, sucking and stroking them. The dads watch each other, it’s kind of awkward seeing their very own daughters sucking another man’s dick, but what the fuck, at least they are finally getting something back from their daughters! The guys lie on their backs and let their sexy daughters straddle themselves on top, riding their juicy cocks in cowgirl position. Two naked girls flip from front to reverse position, their tight butts bouncing up and down their lovers’ laps. They fuck them sideways, facing each other, passing their hands all over their hot naked bodies, then putting them on their backs, in missionary position and down on all fours so they can fuck them doggy style from behind. The girls love getting fucked hard by each other’s fathers and they can’t wait to feel their hot cum splattering all over their sexy faces! 