I was hanging out with my girlfriend and her sister, who was waiting for her boyfriend to come over and join us for a night just hanging out at their place, watching some movies and sipping some wine. Her boyfriend called, letting her know he had to stay late for work, so it would just be the three of us. I love hanging out with my girlfriend’s sister, because she’s fucking hot! She’s got a smoking hot body and a pair big juicy bubble tits that always seem to be bursting out of the tight outfits with gravity defying cleavages she likes to wear. She went to get some snacks in the kitchen and after a few seconds she called me to see if I could help her grab some stuff out of her reach. When she turned over, she had a dirty smile on her face… and her big tits popped over her blue dress! Holy fuck! She took my hands and planted them on her big jugs, man, they felt so nice, soft and tender! Then she buried my face between them and I just licked, kissed and sucked like crazy, grabbing mouthfuls of her big chunky tits and puffy nipples! Lucky for us, my girlfriend is the type that doesn’t like to miss a single minute of any movie she’s watching, so her eyes were fixated on the screen, and she wouldn’t even look behind her shoulder to see what we were doing! I pulled down her panties and bend her over the kitchen counter, licking her pink snatch. At one moment, my girlfriend that turn over, wondering where her boyfriend was, but since I was behind the kitchen counter, she didn’t catch me eating her sister out! Yum, she tasted wonderful. Her sweet silky juices coated my tongue as I lapped them up hungrily. The dirty slut got down on her knees, grabbed my dick and began sucking and stroking my dick, drooling all over it, pushing it deep inside her throat, gagging and choking. My girlfriend never sucks my cock like this! As she licked my dick and my balls she fondled her big tits, telling me to lie on my back so she could straddle herself on top and ride me cowgirl style behind the kitchen counter. She was so wet that my dick slipped inside her with almost no resistance. Her tits were bouncing right in front of my face. Watching her sexy boobs bouncing like basketballs made me so fucking hot, we continued fucking around in the kitchen and then decided we were to loud and close to getting caught, so we went to the bedroom. I bent her over, her hands on the wall, and I started to fuck her doggy style. She moaned instantly and pressed back against me as I thrust in and out of her wet cunt. After a bit my girlfriend noticed they we gone and heard some noises.   Unfortunately, we took it too far, and my girl busted us! She stormed off, and since there wasn’t much to do about that right now, I just continued fucking her sister brains out! She got more vocal, moaning louder and louder, almost screaming instructions of “fuck me harder! harder!” I put that dirty slut down on her hands and knees, fucking her dripping wet pussy from behind doggie style. I flipped her over and fucked her in missionary position. I fucked her in all possible positions and blew my creamy cum all over her big tits and dirty face! After enjoying such a hot sneaky fuck with her sister, I didn’t care about getting dumped by my girlfriend since I could fuck her instead, LOL!