I’m a police officer and my search for Hector Gonzalez led me all the way to his wife’s house. The sexy brunette Latina that opened the door however told me she had no idea who he was. Typical. She was a hot brunette, with long legs and scarlet red lips. A total stunner. I had some pictures that perhaps would jolt her memory. Thing is, these pictures blew the lid off her boyfriend’s affair, and when she saw those pictures of him with another woman, she was pissed as hell! This hot wife however was going to get her revenge, offering me a knee weakening deepthroat blowjob! She started rubbing my cock under my slacks, making me pitch a massive tent. She unzipped me and was in awe at the size and girth of my throbbing member! She held it firmly at the base and started blowing me, taking my cock inch by inch until she had it all inside her mouth! Honestly, I didn’t think she was going to be able to deep throat me, yet there she was, going down on me balls deep! She was smearing my cock with her red lipstick and drooling all over it as I forced it down her throat. She confessed my cock was so much bigger than Hector’s, as I put her on her back, spread her legs, pulled her lace panties to the side and plowed her dripping wet Latina snatch. She rubbed her clit as I fucked her, letting me know how good it felt finally getting fucked by a real man. She stuck her fingers in her twat and put them in her mouth, sucking on them like a dirty little slut. The hot babe even put on my police officer hat on, she looked so fucking sexy! She stripped down to her socks and shoes, straddling herself on top of my cock, pushing it inside her, making her delicious Latina body bounce up and down as she rode my rod cowgirl style. I could feel her pussy gushing as she touched herself, and I put her down on her hands and knees on the couch. I took her hands, placed them behind her back and handcuffed her, ramming my hard cock deep inside her pink cunt and fucking her doggie style from behind. She had a beautiful bubble butt and it made loud smacking sounds as she pushed it back against my cock. Girls always love when I used to handcuffs! I couldn’t wait to finally get my hands on Hector Gonzalez and see the look on his face when I told him that I fucked his hot Latina wife and blew my creamy load all over her juicy bubble butt, her beautiful titties and her slutty face and watched her lick it all off my cock and balls like a dirty little Latina slut! Now that will make her reconsider her stance on immigration. 