This beautiful brunette is a top executive and a workaholic. Her nonstop work schedule has left her with ever present tension, so she decides to take a few hours off her busy schedule to try out her first massage and see if this helps her relax and stress down. While she undresses, her male masseuse can’t avoid taking a peek, amazed with her smoking hot body, her fit juicy ass and her delicious big round tits. The woman also has a beautiful tattoo covering her entire back. Sexy! She lies on her back and relaxes as the masseuse’s hands glide all over her perfect body, rubbing her naked skin with essential oils and soft fragrances. She had no idea a massage could be so relaxing and as her masseuse works closer and closer to her sensitive areas she discovers it can also be a very arousing experience. While working her legs and thighs, the naughty masseuse snaps some pictures of her snatch and even takes a couple of selfies with her naked ass and pussy! That ass is amazing! He pours lots of oil over her juicy bubble butt and places the bottle between her legs, rubbing close to her snatch. The naked woman is getting terribly turned on, moaning and grunting, baiting for breath as she feels the masseuse’s fingers sliding up and down the crack of her ass, stimulating her anus, slipping up and down her pussy slit. She can feel his finger digging into her asshole, she has never felt anything so hot before! She moans uncontrollably, squirming and begging for more as the masseuse finger fucks her ass. Will she succumb to the urge to get all her holes stuffed? She gets on her hands and knees as he whips out his big, hard, oiled up cock and feeds her with it. She sucks and strokes it, totally delighted, letting him fuck her mouth and throat with that big sausage. With so much work, she forgot how good a cock tasted! Fantastic scene with amazing deepthroating and facefucking! There are something special with these dirty and messy deppthroat blowjobs… She swallows his dick all the way down to his balls, drenching it with droo. The naked woman gets on her knees on the massage table, spreads her ass “I want to feel your balls slap against my pussy as you fuck my ass! I want to feel your hot come fill my ass!” He takes his cock in hand pushes it deep inside her hot, slippery hole. He penetrates and fucks her dripping wet pussy from behind while sticking a finger up her ass. He wraps his arm around her neck, pressing her hot naked body against his own, pouring baby oil all over her big tits while fucking her from behind. He rubs that slippery oil all over her tits and her belly, spreading it all over her body. He puts her down on her hands and knees, rubbing his cock up and down her ass crack and ramming it deep inside her oiled up asshole, anal fucking her doggie style from behind. Then he puts her in missionary position, spread legged, pounding her oily pussy while she plays with herself, rubbing her clit and squeezing her big slippery tits.   The beautiful naked woman rubs oil over her thighs and keeps touching herself. He take turns pounding both her holes, he pulls out of her swollen pussy, grips her hips and rams his rod in her ass so fast he starts to cum inside her. “Ohhhh fuck!” she moans. Her anus is pulsating around his hot, throbbing, spewing jets of thick cum, cock. There is so much cum in her ass that large amounts are forced out each time he thrusts into her. She has never reached orgasm from anal sex and for so long. Now this busy business lady makes sure to leave her schedule open for a daily massage, it’s so good for her! Watching Romi get fucked in the butt ist like the heaven on earth. This babe is beyond sexy! She just has these heavy ass tits that I fucking love. Great work Brazzers! Keep it cumming!