Everybody else had finished their tests, and I was the only guy left in the classroom, but I just couldn’t finish my test, I was too distracted by my teacher’s tempting titties! She’s a beautiful blond cougar with a smoking hot body and big bubble tits! I love her so mutch, she has sutch a pretty cute face and sutch a seXXXy body, I was just thinking about busting a nut all over her huge boobs. My test was nothing but a blank page, and my beautiful teacher realized she was the cause of my distraction and my inability to concentrate on the task at hand. She thought perhaps some exposure would help, so she pulled down her top, pushing those big round melons over her bra and letting me take a good look. I had never seen tits so big in my life, not even one watching big tits porn online! My teacher held them in her hands, pressed them together, stimulated her big puffy nipples and got them hard and perky. I was pitching a massive tent and she explained to me that I could not finish my test with all my blood rushing to my cock instead of my brain, so she had to take care of that. It made perfect sense! “I could help you with that raging hard on” “Oh yes “I said to myself! The teacher took my big hard cock, stroking and sucking it, stripping down to her sexy lingerie and getting down on her knees. She was getting the tip of my dick red with her lipstick, sucking hard on my balls and massaging my dick between her huge tits. Then she sat on her desk and spread her legs wide open, inviting me to fuck her cunt. “Come closer and stick your hard cock in my cunt!” I obeyed and shoved the head of my cock between her wet cunt lips. She felt so tight and hot spreading her pussy lips with her fingers as I fucked her in missionary position on her desk and watched her big tits shaking and jiggling. I grabbed him, squeezed them hard, kneaded them like pizza dough. My sexy naked teacher made me lie flat on my back over her desk, passing her tits up and down my cock while straddling herself on my lap, pushing my erection deep inside her tight cunt, riding me cowgirl style. The MILF pushed her body up and down, making her big tits bounce. She kept riding me for a while, telling me not to cum until she allowed me to! When she finally did, I blasted a huge load of hot cum all over her big tits and she told me that was my test and I passed it with an A+! 