This sexy blonde schoolgirl came home early from school would her boyfriend and walked in on her stepmom, a beautiful blond cougar, while she was ironing her clothes wearing a sexy untied bathrobe disposing her big and fabulous tits. Wow her tits are fucking amazing, juicy and huge! It is impossible to look away from her gorgeous boobs! As soon as she sees them coming through the door she covers herself up and lets the teens go about their business. A little while later, she sneaks upstairs, listening to her stepdaughter’s bedroom door. She’s giving her boyfriend a blowjob, the loud sucking sounds and the moans and grunts of pleasure the boyfriend admits arouse the cougar, who touches herself, playing with her big tits and her shaved cunt. She opens the door to take a peek, her stepdaughter is spread legged and on her back, getting her pussy fucked in missionary position by her boyfriend. His dick is so big and hard, the naughty blond cougar can’t resist coming inside and flirt with her stepdaughter’s boyfriend behind her back. Noticing his lack of attention, the stepdaughter gets pissed and sends him away, where her stepmom is ready to catch her prey! The naked woman takes the young stud to the bathroom so they can take a hot shower together. She decides to show him how she can suck and stroke his big thick rod. The MILF swallows his cock greedily, licks his balls, attacks on his cock head, swirling, licking, sucking, overwhelming him with sensation. The hot mom bends over so he can fuck her tight cunt from behind while she presses her big juicy tits against the shower’s glass panels. She wants this so bad! She is a mature woman but her body looks so good that I can only imagine the texture and tension and heat of her cunt, her wonderful tits and juicy ass. The MILF enjoys the feeling of his cock moving in and out of her cunt but unfortunately, her stepdaughter walks in on them mid fuck! She’s pissed that her stepmom is fucking yet another one of her boyfriends and she wants to show her she can fuck just as good as her, stripping naked and taking her place in the shower with her boyfriend. The cougar gets turned on watching that hot stud banging her stepdaughter, making out with him and sucking on his hard cock so she can taste her stepdaughter’s delicious pussy on it. She wets them with the shower massager so they can have a hot, wet threesome fuck! She rubs and massages her stepdaughter’s clam, sucking on her nipples, fondling her young tits and shoving her wet tongue down her throat. The boyfriend lies flat on his back on the wet shower floor and the hot naked woman straddles herself on top, riding his hard cock in reverse cowgirl, with her stepdaughter rubbing her pussy and the naked girls take turns switching places and positions on him. The girls lie on their backs and spread their legs for hot missionary sex, he shoves his cock in their pussies, in one’s pussy and then pulls out and puts it in the other wet cunt! The sexy mom lies on her back with her legs together in the air, he sticks his hard cock in her huge pussy lip sandwich bulging between her legs, grabs her waist with both hands and begins to pound his dick in and out of her. The room is filled with their orgasmic moans, the sound of skin slapping against skin and the wet sound of his cock moving in and out of her pussy.   The teen girl spreads her legs and lowers her drenched cunt to her face. The MILF begins to eat her pussy, licking up and down, sucking on her clit, and tongue fucking her. The naked girls take turns riding his dick, sucking him and eating each other out and after fucking both bitches, the boyfriend blasts hot cum all over their faces and the cougar’s big juicy tits and watches her naughty stepdaughter licking the hot semen off her body! She hates when her hot stepmom steals her boyfriends, but she enjoys sharing them with her, this way she can get the best of both worlds, what more can a dirty teen slut like her ask for?