This stepbrother and stepsister have a long-standing stepsibling rivalry that is bound to cross the line at some point! They are always arguing about everything! He gets upset because she walks around the kitchen in her sexy pink lace lingerie outfit, and she calls him a loser. The final straw is drawn when she drinks the orange juice his mom got just for him straight from the bottle. He retaliates by acting all educated, inviting her to sit and then moving the chair from underneath her so she falls butt first on the floor. They start fighting and he pins her against the rug, she can feel his body pressing against hers, and that throbbing bulge between his legs pulsing against her cunt. He twists one of her nipples, it’s supposed to annoy her, but it makes her moan with pleasure. The line has been crossed! Finally! Pinching her nipples hard between his fingers he pulls upwards so that her back arched, she likes it, her nipples begin to get harder and harder and her panties get wet with heavy pussy juice. Too bad their mom’s coming down the stairs separates them. They get sent upstairs to their bedrooms, but the teen slut wants him to stay in hers! She quickly pulls her panties all the way down her thighs, the juices from her pussy are flowing freely from between her lips. He bends her over her bedroom counter and shoves his big juicy dick deep inside her tight cunt, and she just can’t believe how big her step brother is! She can hardly breathe with that huge cock inside her! Unfortunately, she’s moaning too loud, and their mom comes knocking, demanding to know what’s going on inside. The step daughter slams the door shut so she can keep enjoying her stepbrother’s dick inside her and he spreads her legs and licks her snatch. She smells so good. “Eat me. Taste my juices!” He now kisses her clit, pressing his lips in all the way and gently nibbling, finally securing it with his mouth. Can you believe the mom comes barging in again, saying she called her father and she’ll be in lots of trouble later that night? Like she gives a fuck, she’s enjoying her step brother’s tongue in her vagina too much to worry about consequences. Not paying any attention to his mom, he begins fast flicking motion with his tongue tip on her clit. The annoying mom leaves and the teen slut straddles herself atop his big throbbing erection, pushing it inside her clam and riding him in cowgirl position. She has her bra pulled over her titties, grinding her hips and feeling the mad sexy friction of her pussy against his crotch. He leans his head back, relishing in the feel of his sexy step sister sliding herself up and down his dick faster and faster. She fingers herself while bouncing up and down his member, then pulls out, so she can suck and stroke his cock, tasting her very own pussy juices. Delicious! He puts her down on her belly, pressing her face against the mattress while fucking her pussy from behind, nailing her down against the bed. She loves getting fucked by her stepbrother in this position, it makes her feel so submissive, it’s a real turn on for her. She Lies on the bed on her back with her head tilted over the edge and he lowers his balls into her mouth. His step sister begins to suck them insatiably, jerking his rod with her hand. He fucks her snatch and rubs it with his fingers. She is losing control.   Her legs are gripping him and she is cumming all over her step brother. He licks as much as he can. Her pussy spewing the sweetest nectar he has ever tasted. He spreads her legs and shoves his cock back into her cunt and starts to fuck her again, quickly bringing her to another orgasm once more. Finally he blows a creamy load of hot and sticky cum all over her titties, her sexy face and her open mouth so she can swallow it all. She’s sorry that she spent so much time arguing and bickering with her stepbrother instead of fucking, but that’s okay, because now they can make up for lost time and fuck each other’s brain out nonstop!