My girl is a sexy brunette doll with glasses and a spunky body and every single morning she wakes up feeling horny, so after brushing her teeth, she puts her hands under her cotton panties and starts masturbating while I watch her. I pulled her pink panties to the side, so I can rub and finger that delicious bald pussy, her wet pink lips, her wet slit, her sensitive clit, while she passes her hands all over her body, caressing her titties, stimulating her nipples with her fingertips, telling me all about those wet dreams she had last night. I peel the panties off her body and my sexy naked girlfriend spreads her legs wide open, massaging her breasts while letting me masturbate her. She gets down on her hands and knees, shaking and grinding her juicy little bubble butt, looking over her shoulder with a naughty smile on her face. She looks so fucking cute and sexy! My girlfriend has one of the most beautiful pussies I have ever seen. I finger her from behind, sliding my fingers up and down her wet slit, hearing her moan and grunt with pleasure. I whip out my hard cock so she can suck and stroke it. She loves giving me head in the morning since my cock is so fucking hard, you know, morning wood and all that. I guess we are morning people, LOL! After playing with my hot dick for a while, she lies on her back, passing her hands all over her body, stimulating her cunt, letting me know she’s ready for a good morning fuck. I pulled her to the edge of the bed, spread her legs wide open and jam my cock deep inside her gushing cunt, pounding her in missionary position. She rubs and fondles her tits while I’m fucking her, her nipples, puffy and erect, her face flustered and flushed. I slap her beautiful pussy with my cock, making her squirm with pleasure, she begs me to put it back inside her and fuck her very hard. She gets on her hands and knees, pushing her delicious bubble butt back up against my cock, doggie style fucking me. I pull my dick out once in a while, so I can play with her slit or watch her masturbating some more. I slam her delicious ass real hard until I’m ready to blow my load, blasting lots of hot and sticky spunk all over her beautiful face, even splattering her glasses! Usually I splashes all over her stomach or pussy and she loves to rub my cum all over her body but this time she wants me to cum in her face! 