I showed up at my sexy neighbor’s home because she had to ask me a very special favor. She’s leaving for college and her boyfriend was supposed to accompany her on the trip, but it looks like he got insecure and backed up at the last minute, so she broke up with him. Looks like he was afraid she would turn into a total slut at college, which is in far from the truth, but anyway, LOL! My sexy neighbor said she wanted me to prepare her for her college party slut debut by testing her gag reflex! After all, she was expecting to have many big cocks to suck once there and she wanted to cause a good impression. Of course I was more than happy to help her out! She started getting naked in front of me; the young teen girl has a beautiful body, big tits, a nice bubble butt and a sexy tattoo all over her chest, right under her tits, fucking hot! She laid on her back, spread her leg wide, pulled her pussy lips open and began to rub her wet slit. My dream girl was spread out in front of me, totally naked and willing and quite literally begging me to fuck her little pussy! I asked if she wanted to suck my cock. She blushed beautifully, nodded her head, and said, “Umm …. yes. Can I?” She got down on her knees, pulled my pants down, and my huge cock sprang to life like a flag-pole above her head! She was in awe! She said that my cock was much bigger than her loser ex-boyfriend’s! The girl took it in her tiny hands and started sucking and stroking it like a dirty little fuck slut. She teased the fat head of my cock with her teeth and tongue endlessly, making me beg for more. I thrust it down her throat as deep as possible to test her gag reflexes! She choked and gagged alright, but took it like a pro! Now it was time to test her fuck holes! She turned around, bent over and spread her lovely ass cheeks with her hands. She was in the position I like most, with her ass up in the air ready for me to use it. Her pink pussy was dripping wet. I rammed my thick cock deep inside her tight cunt and her vagina began to fart loudly, so sexy! I just stood still, watching this young sexy girl pushing her juicy bubble shaped ass against my cock, looking over her shoulder with a foxy look on her slutty face. Then I got her on her hands and knees, wailing her cunt doggie style from behind, making her scream at the top of her lungs. I bet her boyfriend never gave her such an intense pussy pounding before. I had his bitch on her knees, sucking on my balls while I jerked my rod when the bedroom door opened and her ex-boyfriend came in!!! Well, did he come back at the wrong time! He stormed off, like I would give a fuck! His girl didn’t even give a fuck! She just wanted me to keep banging her brains out! I spread her legs in bed and positioned myself at her hot, wet opening. Her eyes were wide and her breast heaved with her quick breaths. She was so wet that my prick sunk balls deep into her with one stroke. I began fucking her hard in missionary position, watching her rubbing her pussy, begging me to fuck her harder and faster and deeper! The feeling of her warm wet pussy contracting around my cock and her sweet sounds of pleasure as she came was amazing. She sucked my cock more and said that she wanted to ride it in reverse cowgirl.   She spread her legs and lowered her drenched cunt to my erection. The teen slut rode me hard, driving herself up and down on my cock, clearly enjoying it. “Yes baby, yes! Harder, harder!” I smacked her sexy ass as she rode my dick. She flipped over, facing my way, making her sexy body bounce, her tight pussy muscles gripped my cock, trying to milk the come from me. “Please, I want you to cum in my mouth!” She got on her knees and opened up wide, letting me pop a creamy load of hot cum in her mouth and watching her swallow it all like a good girl. Now this sexy little bitch was ready for her slut party! 