After watching her young teen stepdaughter slacking off for months, this beautiful blonde cougar decides it’s time for a change. She knows her husband has spoiled her stepdaughter, but it’s time to grow up! She assigns her a long list of house chores and checks on her while she’s cleaning the pool. The spoiled brat complains, arguing that she’s an adult and should be free to do whatever she wants, whenever she wants. Her stepmom makes her understand that if she wants to live under her roof and rent free she’s going to have to start earning it, and decides to teach her some poolside discipline. She bends the sexy redhead slut over her knee and pulls down her denim shorts, exposing her delicious bubble butt and spanking her! She drags her to her bedroom, sitting her totally naked on her bed. She wants her stepdaughter to understand that she can be strict, but also very, very loving. She kisses her soft lips, making her lie on her back, spreading her legs and licking her dripping wet cunt. It looks like that spanking really got her pussy gushing! She has no idea that her teenage body is capable of the sensations that it is experiencing. The feeling of her stepmom’s tongue between her pussy lips makes her eyes roll back into her head. She’s kissing and licking her sensitive clitoris, fondling her little asshole, lapping up the juices that are flooding out of her. The sexy blonde cougar takes off her black dress, sitting on her stepdaughter’s face so she can eat her out too. She is going mad with her pussy in her mouth, the first time she tastes a pussy. The redhead masturbates while licking her stepmom’s muff and the blonde massages her big tits, moaning and grunting with pleasure as her stepdaughter devours her pink clam. She puts the sexy redhead on her belly, so she can kiss and lick her slit and her tight asshole, it tastes delicious! There is nothing more erotic than seeing a girl’s gorgeous face and soft tongue servicing a delicious moist squirming pussy. She can tell how much she likes it, who knows maybe some tender lesbian love and affection goes a longer way with her than a spanking. The stepmom retrieves a big strap on cock from her drawer, strapping it around her waist and using it to fuck her stepdaughter in missionary position. She puts her down on all fours, her sexy little butt jutting up as she penetrates and fucks her doggie style from behind, pulling on her hair as if they were reigns. She lets her straddle on top and ride her strap on cock, the naughty redhead is delighted with finally receiving the right type of discipline and enjoys getting her tight pussy fucked hard by her stepmother’s strap on cock. She promises to behave as long as he keeps fucking her! Amazing scene!!!! Dont miss more intense long nonstop strapon sex, lesbian hardcore sex, mature women and young teens in pussy licking and ass rimming scenes! 