Believe it or not, this sexy babe is the only girl working on the small IT company and she spends all day surrounded by a group of hot guys. The guys can’t stop fantasizing with her. It’s hard to believe they actually get any work done at all! Every man in the company has eyes for her ass and big tits, except for this nerdy hunk. So, the beautiful brunette thinks up an ingenious way to catch his attention! She takes a break, locking herself up in the printing room. There she strips totally naked and snap some selfies and video of her pink snatch as she fingers herself. What a perfect body, amazing tits, ass and pussy! A 10 all the way. She sends the video to him and in seconds he’s in the printing room with her. They kiss and she drops to her knees, unbuckling his pants, passing her slick pink tongue over the cotton fabric of his boxers, feeling that gorgeous erection throbbing underneath. The naked babe kisses his cock and balls over his boxers and pulls them down, licking his long shaft and popping it into her wet mouth. After sucking and licking his cock and balls he bends her over the printer, pressing her big tits against it while ramming his hard cock deep inside her gushing cunt, pounding her from behind. She pushes the printer’s buttons, and the machine starts Xeroxing her delicious tits pressed over the scanning panel! That’s the kind of memo the guys at the office are going to love receiving! She rubs her cunt while he’s fucking her hard and her drool drips down her chin, tits and belly. She looks so fucking sexy! He puts her down on the rug and fucks her sideways from behind, grabbing her big tits while she jerks his meaty rod. He lies flat on his back so she can straddle herself on top, pushing his big dick deep inside her clam and riding her coworker in reverse cowgirl position. She never imagined she would end up fucking in the printer room and she’s pretty sure the rumors will run fast in this small company. She doesn’t mind, she loves the fact that her coworkers will now know that she’s an office slut, and she will get to be fucked on a daily basis by each of them, feeling their big hard cocks pounding her and swallowing all that creamy cum they have to give her.  