I love taking my sexy blond girlfriend to wash her car to these places where you can do it yourself. She puts on a sexy outfit, so she can crawl on all fours while vacuuming the back of her car, her tiny little skirt hiked up, her sexy thong digging deep into the crack of her ass. I reach over and pull on it, exposing her delicious asshole and pink pussy burger. It’s Sunday morning so nobody is around, so she turns over, spreading her legs wide open, letting me play with her pussy while she continues vacuuming. We get inside the car and driving to the washing station, it’s fun because it’s private and noisy and we know we have a long time until the car finishes the washing cycle. She leans over and starts sucking and stroking my big fat cock with a dirty smile on her face. She slaps my dick against her tongue and I push her head against my crotch so she can deep throat my member. My sexy girlfriend bends over the car dash as I peel down her thong, exposing her deliciously juicy bubble butt and her tight gushing pussy burger. The wash is almost over so we have to wait until we get back home to continue with our naughty fun. Back at the house, I finish stripping my little slut naked and enjoy watching her beautiful body, spreading her ass cheeks while she stimulates her asshole with her fingers. She combines everything I love – slim sexy body, cute face, little ass, perky titties and bald pussy. I lift her little ass and spread it wide open, sinking my tongue into her gash and eating her out! She moans and grunts as I tongue fuck her, rimming her tight little asshole too. I especially love her little asshole. My tiny fuck doll gets down on her knees and pulls my pants down, grabbing my thick cock and taking it to her mouth, ready to suck and stroke it. I’m on my back and my sexy babe making love to my hard cock and obviously enjoying it very much! I can’t last very long, the feeling of her mouth plunging down over and over on my cock becomes too much. I spread her legs on the couch, places the head of my dripping, hard, hot cock to her pussy and shoves it inside her pussy, deep between her meaty lips “OH, FUCKKKK, OHHHH” That amazing feeling of the friction of my dick sliding inside her tight vagina. I started fucking her in missionary position with hard, long strokes, letting her feel every inch of my 9" manhood. Her naked body is stiffened and her pussy feels like a vise on my hard prick. I’m sliding the massive knob of my cock between her love lips. She lifts her legs up, holding them under the knees, spreading them open for me, exposing her clit and inner lips. Her pink clitty is sticking out from between her pussy lips.   “I want to be on top, I just want to fuck you wild” My girlfriend likes to fuck me from the top because she is in control, she likes slow back and forth movements, enjoys gyrating on my fully erect penis as it stimulates her G-Spot and clitoris to multiple orgasms, pushing that sexy ass against my cock, stuffing herself with it. She rides me in cowgirl and reverse, screaming at the top of her lungs. I grip her cute ass cheeks with both hands and met each of her thrusts with one of my own. We are fucking like animals and the room is filled with the sounds of our primal grunts and moans. She does her best to fuck my dick like she is trying to literally pump my cum into her pussy. My sex doll increases the power of her fucking even more and pushes her ass harder against me and I feel her pussy quivering around my cock. I can’t describe how great that feels. “I want your cum all over my face.” Her dirty words increase my arousal and I finally blow my creamy load all over her hot naked body and her precious face. Car wash visits rock!