I couldn’t find my laptop so I figured out that probably my stepsister had borrowed it again without asking. I came into her bedroom without knocking and much to my surprise, I found her using it, sitting spread legged on her bed with no pants or underwear on! She got pissed at me for not knocking, I had obviously caught her in an intimate moment, so it just took my laptop and left. A couple of minutes later she came out, apologizing for her reaction. It was wrong for me not to knock, but it was also wrong of her to take my laptop without asking and she reacted in a bad way because she felt embarrassed that I had caught her naked. My stepsister is a smoking hot brunette with long silky hair and sexy tattoos all over her left arm and she may look experienced, but she’s not, so I wasn’t surprised when she asked me for some advice. I guess she felt insecure about her body, but I was ready to reassure her! I asked her to lift her top, slowly rubbing and massaging her beautiful titties, feeling her nipples hardening up under my fingertips. She had shorts on, but I wanted to see that pussy again, so I stripped her naked and spread her long legs on the couch, touching her pink slit and spreading her lovely pink, meaty pussy lips. Her cunt was gushing and I could tell she was really turned on, getting touched by her very own stepbrother! I fingered her snatch and masturbated her until she came! She left afterwards, but a couple of hours later, she came back wearing a sexy blue dress. I knew she wanted more! She dropped to her knees, unzipping my pants, sucking and stroking my big fat cock until I came in her mouth! That was all until the next day, when she pulled down her pants and panties, got down on all fours and asked me to train her asshole! I fingered her tight butthole for a while, feeling her anal sphincter relaxing and stretching out. That’s when I put her on her back, spread her legs, rubbed her dripping wet snatch while slowly inserting my big fat cock inch by inch inside her deliciously tight asshole until I was totally in and fucking my very own stepsister’s ass! I turned her over, banging that juicy little butt from behind, listening to her grunting and moaning as she begged me to keep pounding her anally, turning her into my little anal slut. I slipped my dick out and watched that beautiful gaping asshole, stuffing it again with my big juicy cock and letting her straddle herself on top, riding me in cowgirl position with my Dick and her butt. I blew my creamy load inside her butt hole and ever since my stepsister and I fuck on a regular basis and she can use my laptop whenever she wants, LOL! 