Since it’s our one year anniversary, my beautiful girlfriend decided that we should do something special, and booked us a couple of massage session with this beautiful blonde massage therapist. She was so fucking hot and her hands felt so good rubbing and massaging my naked body that I just couldn’t avoid getting a massive erection during the massage! Thank God my girlfriend was getting a facial, and those cucumber slices covering her eyes avoided her seeing what was going on! Actually, she fell asleep during the massage, and the naughty masseuse took this opportunity to give me a very special treatment! She told me to keep quiet while slipping the towel down my legs, exposing my big throbbing boner. Right there, she started sucking and stroking it! I couldn’t believe it! This was like my biggest fantasy cumming true! Knowing I had been staring at her big tits all this time, she removed her top, pulling those big bubble tits resembling big ripe melons over her bra and taking them to my mouth so I could suckle on her perky nipples. She put my face between them and fed me mouthfuls of tit! She straddled herself on top, pushing my hard cock deep inside her dripping wet cunt, riding me in cowgirl position while I played with those fabulous tits. I couldn’t stop watching those big tits bouncing up and down while she rode me, this bitch was screaming at the top of her lungs and I worried that my girlfriend might wake up and catch us fucking, but she seemed to be really deeply asleep! The sexy blonde masseuse bent over the massage table and I rammed my hard sausage deep inside her gushing cunt, pounding her hard from behind. Her ass was so big, juicy and firm, you could bounce quarters off of it! She crawled over the table so she could be down on all fours, getting fucked doggie style by me, and when I stopped fucking her, she pushed her juicy ass against my hard cock, begging me to keep banging her. I flipped her over so I could fuck her in missionary and keep playing with those big tits. My girlfriend’s tits are nowhere as big as hers so I wanted to enjoy this moment and cherish it forever! She rubbed her cunt as I plowed her, confessing how much it turned her on to fuck her clients’ boyfriends and husbands! The masseuse noticed my girlfriend tossing, hiding behind the massage table as I lied on my back, concealing my monstrous erection and pretending nothing out of the ordinary was going on. She asked where the masseuse was and I acted like I didn’t know, then my girlfriend gave me a massage not knowing this sexy blonde was stroking and sucking my hard cock underneath the table and getting all my creamy cum all over her face and her big tits! Don’t miss this video. For true fans of big tits, there’s simply no substitute for the magnificent Eva Notty. Her fantastic funbags are definite contenders for the nicest tits in the industry, and at a whopping 34J, they’re easily among the biggest! They’re the kind of tits you could suck on for hours and never lick the same spot twice, and whether she’s sucking dick or eating pussy, they make every scene she’s in amazing.  