My girlfriend is a sexy tiny blonde with a tight and spunky body, she’s always happy and in a good mood, and best of all, she never says no to sex! She likes to put on sexy outfits and lingerie to tease me and turn me on, stripping naked by the staircase, playing with her small titties, a naughty smile on her lovely face. She bends over, spreading her ass cheeks with her hands, showing me her puckered little asshole and her juicy pink pussy burger. She jumps on the couch and I get my hands on her, is so tiny and lightweight, I can put her into the craziest positions with almost no effort. I munch on her delicious pussy and ass. My tiny fuck doll! After rubbing her muff against my face I put her over my shoulders and keep tongue fucking her cunt, putting her down so she can suck and stroke my throbbing member. I caress her naked body and she massages my balls with her hands while eating my dick as I slide my fingers up and down the crack of her ass, her tender asshole and her wet pink slit. I straddled her on top, pressing her petite body against my own while pounding her snatch in cowgirl position. Then I placed her on her back with her legs spread wide open for a good missionary fuck. I turn her over, bending her over the couch, pounding her little pussy from behind before switching her back to missionary. I love watching the look on her face when she’s on her back and spread legged, taking all the dick she can. I sit on the couch and she sits on top, bouncing up and down my cock in reverse cowgirl. I rubbed her pussy while fucking her hard, feeling her squirming on top of my sausage, she knows what’s going to happen next and it’s her favorite part of us fucking. “I want your cum to warm my insides and drip down my thighs when we are done.” Today I feel like giving her a cream pie, so I don’t even pull out of her pussy as I blow my load, feeling all that hot cum gushing inside her and dripping from the sides of her tender pink pussy lips. Creampie! Outstanding! There is nothing better than having sex with my tiny girlfriend and feeling her with cum wherever, whenever, and however I want! 