My girl is so fucking hot, a sexy blondish bitch with nerdy glasses but an incredibly hot body. We’ve been dating for some time and I still haven’t had a chance to fuck her. Honestly, I keep telling her my fucking dick is going to fall off if we don’t do it soon, but you see, she has a promise ring. You know what that means right? She’s saving her virginity for marriage, so what should I do? We’re sitting at the table at her place and I seriously feel I’m going to burst out of my pants. She tells me that despite the fact that we can’t fuck until we get married; at least she can help me relieve myself in some other ways! She reaches over, unzipping my pants and grabbing my throbbing erection in her soft hands. She starts stroking it with both hands with this dirty smile on her face. Right when it’s getting good, her mom walks in! Damn! We hardly manage to conceal our masturbatory session. Since from the angle where she’s standing, her mom can’t see what’s going on under the table, my girlfriend shamelessly continues stroking my meat while we all talk! As soon as her mom leaves I stand up, begging my girlfriend for some oral sex. I’m just fucking tired of getting off just on handjobs! I mean, it was fun and even kinky at first, but it gets old after a while. Thankfully, oral sex doesn’t count against her virginity, so she pops my fat cock into her wet mouth and starts sucking it. It feels so fucking good! We are both getting terribly turned on when my girlfriend comes up with this glorious idea! Anal sex she didn’t count against her virginity either, right? Hell, yes, please! Immediately I bent her over the table, ripping her sexy lace leggings at the crotch and exposing her delicious ass and snatch. Her ass twitches and she lets out a small gasp as she feels my finger trying to enter her anus. My horny girlfriend moans with pure pleasure as she feels my finger starts to fondle her ass. She relaxes to allow for the anal penetration she clearly wants. After fingering and licking her asshole I rammed my throbbing member deep inside it, stretching it out inch by inch until I had her totally impaled on my cock, pounding her delicious asshole in every single position I could come up with. Her ass is still very tight since it is her first experience with anal sex. Exciting seeing her little ass stretches wide and her pussy is pulsing with every push. Her mom almost catches me fucking her daughter in the ass too! That was close! I begin to fuck her tight virgin asshole faster before we get caught! Damn her ass is really getting streched! Her ass begins to push up into my cock, forcing it deeper into her little ass. I feels her anus tighten around my cock and her ass clamped as she begins to scream, “I’m coming, I’m coming, fuck, fuck my ass harder, fuuuuuuuuuck!” That is the final straw, I drives my cock to its full length into her ass and unloads my hot cum into her convulsing ass. Amazing! I pulls out and she clenches her anal muscles and more white sperm squirts out of her ass! When her mom walks in… 