This sexy Latina maid is just getting started working in this new house and she wants to cause a good impression. Her lady boss asks her to bring some fresh towels to the bathroom, and when she sees her fully naked, she makes flattering comments about her body and tattoos. Her boss responds by taking the basket of towels from her hands and pulling her top the shower, putting her against the shower wall and pressing that hot nude body against hers! She starts kissing her, lifting her maid’s uniform, pulling her cotton panties down her knees and feeling how her pussy is already soaking wet as the boss lady introduces several digits inside it and begins finger fucking the help! The maid screams “Ay, siiiii!” as she gets fingered by her boss lady, she’s really starting to like her new job! The boss kisses her and gropes her body over her uniform, stripping her naked and lathering up her body. The boss lady turns against the wall and the maid drops to her knees, spreading her delicious ass cheeks with her hands and licking her asshole and twat! She doesn’t even stop when her boss’s husband comes into the bathroom, eating her out behind the shower curtain as they speak! The sexy boss lady plays with her big tits as the maid cleans every inch of her pussy and asshole with her pink tongue. She fingers her while she rubs her muff and the naked girls step out of the shower and get on the bathroom floor, rubbing their wet pussies one against the other in hot lesbian tribbing action. The raw sexuality pours from their bodies as the girls pussy fuck each other, the teen girl has never had any similar experience before and she absolutely loves this and the lesbian is happy to finally find a good maid that really knows her way around a pussy! The lesbians are so concentrated tribbing that they don’t hear the door when the husband comes inside unannounced and finds his wife rubbing pussies with the new maid! This doesn’t hinder his wife one bit, she puts the sexy maid down on her hands and knees, eating out her gushing cunt and her tender asshole from behind. After all, her husband has told her many times that she should get along better with the help, and that’s exactly what she’s doing! Lesbian : Ass on Face ! Face in Ass ! Motor-boating !! Yes !! Pure Lesbian scenes rule especially when its Monique and a super hot younger lezbo. Thank you RK for a great update! That young Katya sure knows how to eat pussy! She is incredible. I know Monique has never had her pussy ate like that! I love the way the girls eat each other’s beautiful asses and pussies. 