My step sister and her besties are video game enthusiasts, and they were ready for some video gaming, and I was ready for some sexy gaming! Gamer girls were lined up in bed, down on their bellies, focused on their game while I focused on them. I started out with my stepsis, a stunning brunette with silky jet black hair. I pulled down her shorts and panties and began playing with her delicious pussy and ass. I continue with her friend in the middle, a sexy slut with almond hair. Next was her redhead friend, who wiggled her butt as I played with her. While the girls were playing, I grabbed handfuls of their nude exposed buns, their pussies were warm and wet. I was licking their pussies and the girls pretended that nothing was happening. Without thinking, I pulled my jeans down, my cock was fully erect and throbbing. I came closer to my step sister, my hard cock was in front of her face. I noticed that her breathing had seemed to quicken and her mouth was open. She took my cock in her hand and began to rub it gently, then she licked her lower lip and slowly guided my cock to her mouth. She sucked me into her mouth and used her fingers to tickly my balls! Her friends were playing as if nothing was happening. She was slurping, sucking, and stroking my cock into her hot mouth right next to them. Then the girl in the middle changed her position, jutting her juicy bubble butt up, getting down on all fours, inviting me fuck her from behind! She ass was spread wide open and her pussy slit was dripping wet. I penetrated her and began fucking her doggy style from behind. She pushed her juicy ass back against my cock and even spread her ass cheeks with her hands to make sure I could penetrate her even deeper! She had the sexiest ass of them all, and I was having a hard time not nutting on the spot from just looking at it while I fucked her! As soon as I was done with her, the sexy redhead assumed the position! I slipped my sausage inside her and started giving her some doggy style loving too! After fucking her, the girls decided to take a short break from the game, putting it on pause and telling me to lie on my back as they gave me a triple blowjob and handjob, sucking and stroking my shaft while licking my balls! The naked girls drooled all over my dick, it was like one of those combo moves they do when playing video games! One of the girls straddled herself on top and started riding me in reverse cowgirl, with her sexy friends watching us and playing with her pussy, fondling and slapping her tits. The redhead sucked on her nipples while the almond haired bestie salivated over her clam and spread it all over it and my cock and balls! The redhead took my stepsister’s place on my cock and rode me with her friends toying with her hot naked body. It’s just like when you have a single controller and you have to share it with your friends, in this case, my cock was the controller! After fucking all three of them in many different positions I blew my creamy load all over them I watched the naked girls swapping my sticky cum back and forth between them as they giggled. Finally we were all having fun during those long video gaming marathons! 