My dad remarried last year so now I have a stepsister. She’s so fucking hot! Ever since I met her for the first time I have a huge crush on her. We live together with our dad and I constantly masturbate to her, even while checking out her social media pictures! I wanted to see more, so I tricked her, pretending to be some guy from her class and made her send me pussy pics! I wasn’t sure she was going to actually fall for it, until the pictures started coming in! Naughty selfies of her showing me her tits, her juicy ass and that delicious dripping wet snatch! I couldn’t keep my hands off my cock! She asked me to send her pictures of my cock, telling me how bad she wanted it so I asked if I could come over and fuck her… and she said yes! Imagine her surprise when I walked into her bedroom and let her know who she was sexting with! She was pretty upset at first, but after all, my cock was still the one she saw and wanted so bad in those pictures, right? She couldn’t deny it, getting down on her hands and knees as I peeled her panties down, getting a real life like at that delicious ass and snatch I had seen on the pictures! I brought the head of my cock to her pussy lips, they were warm and wet. I thought I had died and went to heaven. I rammed my thick cock inside her pussy, she was so fucking tight! It took some time, but once I was totally inside her she was screaming at the top of her lungs as I pounded her hard doggie style from behind. I couldn’t believe I was actually fucking my stepsister, this was so much better than just watching her naked selfies! I was splitting her sexy ass and enjoying the sight of her anus while screwing her pussy very hard and fast. “I love it so much, go deeper in my pussy!” I grabbed her waist and began push my dick in and out of her begging pussy, my balls were slapping against her clit. The feeling of her vagina grasping at my cock was just indescribable as I smashed my cock in her over and over again. I got on my back and she straddled herself on top, riding my cock in cowgirl position while rubbing her slit. She had her tank top pulled over her titties and her nipples were rock hard as I played with them. My step sister had the cutest little landing strip of pubic hair. Her big meaty pussy lips were wrapped around my shaft.   I kept pounding into her watching this. She sat up straight, put both of her hands on my lap and started to bounce up and down on my cock. She began to bounce up and down on my shaft faster and harder with each second, aggressively slamming her vagina’s gate into the battering ram of my cock. Her lovely tits with pierced nipples were flying up and down right in front of my face. I grabbed her tits with both hands, pressing my palms into her nipples. I was slapping my hips up and down and she was doing the same. She was moaning and gasping as my cock bounced out of her pussy and back in. She flipped over, her ass facing my way, bouncing up and down my lap, riding my cock in reverse cowgirl. I played with her juicy ass, rubbing her anus with my thumb. Then flipped her over, spread her legs and fucked her some more in missionary position, pounding my cock into her as hard as I could. “Please cum in my mouth!” with that I put my dick in her mouth blowing my creamy load! Now she keeps sending me selfies every time she wants me to come fuck her!