It’s been a very long and stressful day at the office and all this sexy blonde wants to do is get home, take off her clothes and take a hot shower. The moment she comes through the door she starts unclothing on her way to the bathroom, but when she gets there she finds herself with a pleasant yet unexpected surprise. Her beautiful naked step daughter is already in the shower, leaning against the glass pane while masturbating herself. She looks so hot and sexy, it turns her stepmom on instantly! When the curly haired teen looks over her shoulder, she finds her hot naked step mom looking at her with a coy smile on her beautiful face. She’s never home so early! She grabs the sexy bitch by her throat, passing her hands all over her tight teen nude body, kissing her softly while fondling her young titties and feeling those nipples hardening up. She’s sure that since her stepdaughter was using her shower to masturbate, she won’t mind sharing it with her stepmom, who’s just as fucking horny as she is. She shoves her tongue into her wet mouth, playing tonsil hockey with her stepdaughter, dropping to her knees, slapping her ass while ordering her to turn around so she can tongue fuck her delicious twat and tight asshole. She fingers her while eating her out, savoring those delicious sweet juices that flow from her pink slit. She rubs her muff, finger fucks her pussy and rims her asshole, this three prong assault makes her stepdaughter squirm with lust and pleasure. She pushes her ass against her stepmom’s face, this feels so forbidden and it makes her feel so filthy and dirty, it’s incredible! The naked girls get back in the shower, the teen girl wants to eat her out too. She wants to taste her pussy and her asshole, probe those delicious fuck holes with her slick tongue and swallow all her sex juices like a vicious slut. Two beautiful naked women in a shower, what a great scene. It gets even better when her stepmom starts squirting pussy juices into her open mouth! It’s so much squirt, it’s intoxicating! She is cumming in her open mouth, spraying her pussy cum all over her face, amazing! Without hesitation, the girl begins licking all juices with the same hunger. Best porn acting I’ve seen in a long time! This isn’t just sex…it is full of intense passion. The naked girl pins her shoulders to the floor and raises her pelvis over the tub’s edge so her slutty stepmom can eat her out and finger fuck her pussy while she plays with her big tits. The woman begins to finger fuck her ass and pussy, lick her anus and her clit, spreads her vagina with two hands and masturbates with all her fingers slapping noisily in and out of her pussy. She’s furiously pumping two palms in and out, sucking hard on her clit, making her moan loudly in orgasm. The girl loves the way her hot stepmom fucks her pussy and ass with her fingers and tongues, never has a cock given her so much pleasure! She fingers her pussy and ass at the same time, making her feel many new and unexpected sensations and she loves each and every one of them! Her stepmom presses her snatch against her, rubbing them together, stepmother and stepdaughter tribbing until they reach an incredible simultaneous orgasm! There is one especially hot scene with the mom sitting on the edge of the tub with her knees up and her cunt directly over the step daughter’s cunt. The MILF begins to rub and finger fuck herself making her cunt squirt right into the step daughter’s open cunt!   Two naked girls scream loudly as they both cum, squirting into each other’s pussies. Now the step mom wants to squirt, spraying her pussy cum all over her face! This one of the best lesbian video scene I ever seen on RealityKings I enjoy every second of it. The prettiest girls, the hottest squirting… true chemistry here, I’d love to see a part 2! This scene has a lot to love: a beautiful Mom and teen, nice variety of pussy and ass licking, masturbating under the shower, squirting and squirt swapping with some great camera angles. Excellent update! From now on they are hot lesbian lovers and they promise to always shower and masturbate together! These girls just put on the most authentic girl/girl scene I have ever seen. It is like we went into the home of a lesbian couple and we watched them making love on a Friday night. Loved it RK. Keep it up and Ill always be a subscriber.