Some dudes simply can’t appreciate what they have! Check this guy out, he has a smoking hot brunette bombshell for a wife who greets him in the morning totally naked, sensually suggesting how much she would like a massage, and he tells her he’s too busy! Can you believe that? He’s so focused on his work, she starting to feel like she’s not a priority. But this is the type of girl that begs for attention or sits around waiting for scraps. Since her husband doesn’t have time to give her a massage, she just goes ahead and books an appointment with a professional masseuse at her place. They send her a hot, blonde guy who sets the massage table as she strips naked in front of him. She sees the way he looks at her body, her husband hasn’t looked at her that way for months. The naked girl lies down on the table and he starts working on her back, his hands are magical, melting the stress away and making her feel like the center of attention, as it should be! He sits on her back so he can work her pressure spots, and he can see her husband from across the room, in his studio, immersed in his work. He can’t get how somebody cannot pay attention to such a hot woman. He would be making love to her all day long! He notices how she responds to his massage, sensually moving her nude body, softly moaning when he gets close to a sensitive area. Slowly and gently, he inserts a finger into her tight asshole, feeling it stretching out as he pushes it in and she gives a delighted moan. Her body squirms when he jams it all the way in, telling her to stay quiet as he finger fucks her asshole. If her husband doesn’t pay attention to her, he’s going to do it for him! He feeds the cheating wife his big juicy cock, putting her on the edge of the table, spreading her legs and pounding her tight asshole with his delicious dick. While her husband takes a shower, he makes her shower him with squirt as he anally masturbates her! He fucks her pussy and her asshole in the filthiest positions and makes her scream as orgasm after orgasm hit her. She has never had an anal orgasm before, especially a squirting orgasm. This sultry slut is insane, she is getting her hot asshole thoroughly stretched. Her limp dick husband is too lazy to give his beautiful wife the anal pounding she craves! This is so fuckin perfect! Hard Anal, Squirting and everything! I fuckin love her! What a beautiful woman! He’s pounding her ass like there is no tomorrow. In and out… In and out… her pussy can’t stop squirting! He fucks her ass, she squirts all over him, he licks her anus, she squirts in his mouth! Really a nasty scene with great gapes and a lot of squirts. Adriana is undoubtedly the best anal performer in porn right now. 