I was out on my first date with this gorgeous babe and I guess she wanted to impress me since she decided to show off her cock riding skills. I bet she wanted to make sure she got a second date, awesome! She stripped totally naked except for her sexy heels, sitting on my couch and playing with her naked pussy. This girl was the total package, a beautiful face, a stunning body, delicious tits, fantastic ass, long legs and gorgeous pussy! Plus the attitude! What else could you ask for? After letting her play with herself for a while, I buried my face between her legs and began eating her out, licking and slurping on that gushing pink tender twat, tasting her sweet pussy juices while groping and squeezing her firm titties. She got down on her knees, pulling my pants down, grabbing my throbbing erection in her hands and takes it to her mouth, gloriously sucking and stroking my member. She looked so beautiful trying to deep throat my thick member, drenching it with her drool while making sexy choking and gagging sounds. Then the young naked girl climbed on my bed, down on her hands and knees, looking over her shoulder, eager to feel my hard cock penetrating her gushing pussy as I began fucking her doggie style from behind. She stayed still as I plowed her hard, or grinded her juicy ass to the rhythm of my thrusts. She also waited for me to stop, and pushed her ass back up against my dick, urging me for more. It was so fucking hot! I lied flat on my back and let her straddle herself on my lap, pushing my fat cock inside her tight cunt, finally showing me off those legendary cock riding skills, and to be honest, they met and exceeded my expectations by far! This girl was the queen of the rodeo, LOL! Grinding her hips, arching her back, pressing against me, her hips started to move in slow circular movements with just my cock head logged in her hole, teasing me, then bouncing up and down my hard cock with more force! I began kissing, fondling, sucking and licking her tits and she responded by moaning and trembling. Her vagina walls were contracting around my cock. She was furiously pushing against me. I flipped the teen slut into missionary, spreading her legs and pumping her tiny pussy with cock meat as hard and fast as I could. She was moaning constantly by now. I pumped and pumped and pumped and pumped that pussy with my cock before letting her get back on top, this time with her sexy back and ass facing my way as she rode me in reverse cowgirl. She galloped on my cock until we reached our destination and I blew a massive load of hot cum all over her lovely face and hot body! 