Living together with a male roommate can sometimes be complicated, but this sexy girl still found time for herself while in the bathroom. Feeling in the mood, she spreads her legs while sitting on the toilet seat and starts rubbing her pink snatch, actually fantasizing with a big cock! He just came back from the streets and has been dying to use the bathroom so he heads straight in, thinking it’s empty since the door is opened and walks in on his beautiful roommate while she is masturbating. She looks quite sexy, with her tight tank top, knee high socks and her pink panties around her ankles. It’s as awkward as it gets, and in an attempt to smooth the situation he removes the awkwardness of the moment, he drops his jeans, showing her his throbbing erection! Since she’s already sitting there, she still horny, and that’s exactly the cock she was fantasizing with, she takes it in her hands, pops it in her mouth and starts blowing her roommate. It’s as big, hard and juicy as she imagined. Actually, getting busted masturbating by her roommate didn’t turn out not so bad! She takes her time sucking and slurping his boner, deepthroating it and drenching it with her drool. They move to the bedroom, making out as he lays her on the bed, lifting her top, sucking on her fully erect nipples and moving down south, spreading her legs and feasting on that tight pink clam. She massages her breasts and plays with her nipples while he’s tongue fucking her cunt, it feels so fucking good! He fingers her pussy while eating her out and she moans softly, approvingly. She rubs her slit with her fingers and sucks on them as he rams his huge cock deep inside her pussy burger, pounding her hard on the bed. He jams a thumb in her mouth so she can suck it while he’s plowing her with her legs spread wide open like a filthy slut. He kisses her lips, grabs her by the neck, rough fucking her while she plays with her pussy. He grabs her titties and squeezes them so hard, she loves it! He pins her shoulders to the bed and lifts her bottom, splitting her legs and power fucking her twat. He keeps her legs spread wide open while plowing her and she continues rubbing her cunt, knowing he’s fucking her like they fuck the porn sluts in the hardcore videos he likes to watch on his laptop. Yeah, she’s seen them. He straddles her on top, fucking her in reverse cowgirl while fingering and rubbing her snatch and squeezing her tits, making her cum over and over like a fuck whore! She loses control of her body as she convulses orgasm after orgasm and he blows his load, blasting hot and sticky cum all over her face, open mouth and tits! 