While vacationing together my sexy brunette GF bumped into her bestie at South Beach, a sexy blonde with a fantastic body and beautiful tits and she invited her over to the place we were staying, since I had to take care of some stuff and would be out all day. Shit started heating up, and my girlfriend found herself naked and having her first lesbian experience with her hot best friend. They went to the patio and began rubbing their dripping wet pussies together, tribbing like dykes in heat. This was the first time my girlfriend was another girl, and being this other girl her best friend, she was really enjoying this new experience. She tribbed her best friend, groping her big juicy tits and making out with her, but I caught them in the act! Turns out my meeting ended earlier than expected and I had come back to spend more time with my girl, not like she missed me or anything! They were pressing their pussies into each other and all I could just watch. I got really upset and left and a couple of minutes later my naked girlfriend and her naked best friend came over to apologize, and to make it up to me, the girls offered me to join them for a hot threesome. Of course I accepted their apology! After all, how can you say no to two beautiful naked girls rubbing their hot bodies against you? We went to the hot tub and the girls started sucking and stroking my huge cock together. While her best friend ate my dick, my girlfriend sucked my balls. Their hot mouths were bringing me close to my orgasm faster than I expected so I decided I better get to work on their cunts before I was all used up. The naked girls lied side by side on their backs and spread legged, rubbing their gushing pussies for me while kissing as I started fucking my girlfriend in missionary position. I was pounding my cock into my girlfriend unmercifully. I pumped into her faster and faster, making her understand that my hard cock was much better than any cunt. She yelled out “Oh, I’m going to cum!! Faster!!” My balls were slapping against her ass, her tits were flying everywhere and she was arching her back to take more of my hammer. I continued with her best friend, slamming my hard cock deep inside her dripping wet cunt, banging her hard while she had hot lesbian sex with my girlfriend. My girl kicked back, playing with her pussy while watching me fucking her best friend, she was totally into it! She squat on her friend’s face so she could sit on it and get her pussy licked and sucked by her while we kept fucking. Her pussy juice was actually dribbling into the friend’s open mouth! “Ohhhh fuck, that feels good!” she moaned in response to her mouth. She bent over so she could kiss her friend’s lips, tasting her pussy on them while getting her big jugs groped and fondled by her. I lied flat on my back and let my girlfriend climb on top of me, straddling herself on my lap, pushing my hard cock deep inside her cunt, riding me in cowgirl position.   I pressed her beautiful naked body against my own, wrapping my arms around her waist, pounding her harder and faster, encouraged by her sexy blond girlfriend that was having a blast watching us fucking. My dick needed more lubed, so she popped it out of my girl’s cunt and sucked it, then put it back in and we kept banging. The girls took turns putting my huge cock into their mouth, licking my balls, riding and bouncing up and down on my cock, offering their wet pussies to fuck all I wanted. “Give it to her baby, fuck her, make her cum on your cock, fuck her hard, the slut likes to be power-fucked.” my girl was yelling. The girls decided to celebrate their first threesome sex with my cum all over their faces. They grabbed my hot throbbing cock and began to stroke me, lick the balls, suck the head, making a smacking and slurping sound. Oh fuck, I thought I’d never stop cumming! I was squirting cum over them both! Hwe friend was still mesmerized. “Give her your creamy load too. Squirt your cum in her mouth!” show her how much we like it. When I finished squirting my girlfriend moved slightly and kissed her friend snowballing my cum with her. 