The drying machine broke down again, so this guy calls up his plumber Steve to see if he can get it fixed. His daughter comes down, a sexy teen with a tight body, wearing a sexy flannel tied down shirt and skimpy shorts. She sure looks happy to see Steve, and not necessarily because he is going to fix the washing machine. When she finds out today is Steve’s birthday, she seems to get even happier, like she’s got something on her mind, maybe a special birthday gift for good old Steve. Steve gets to work on the machine when he hears the teen wishing him a happy birthday and letting him know she has a very special gift for him. When he turns over, she sees there standing totally naked! No wonder she was so happy to see him! Steve doesn’t ever get a birthday gift like this, so he sits the naughty teen on the dryer and she spreads her sexy legs, rubbing her meaty pink cunt while he fingers her tight asshole. She shoves a couple of fingers in her clam while he stimulates her butthole and start eating her out. Steve, just like any other man, enjoys a good piece of birthday cake on his b-day, but a good piece of pussy is an even better treat! After eating her out, he whips out his dirty prick and starts pounding her young pussy while simultaneously fingering her with two fingers at the same time! Man, this bitch’s pussy is loose, just like her! He pops those fingers in her wet mouth so she can suck on them while he’s banging her over the dryer machine. He bends the teen slut over, pounding her muff from behind while double fingering her stretched out asshole. She holds on tight to the dryer as he slams her cunt and cradles her in his arms while fucking her in reverse cowgirl in mid air! This old motherfucker gives this young girl the dicking of her life and she is lovin it. She is awesome. That tight little ass of her is a thing of beauty. The plumber lies on the floor and the petite naked girl sits on his dick, rubbing her cunt as he fucks her. Then he bends her over the dryer and slams her some more while rubbing her cunt and cums all over her face. Fucking his client’s sexy little slut of a daughter behind her daddy’s back is Steve’s best birthday gift ever! 