This guy is all alone at his place, jerking off to a hot anal scene he’s watching on his laptop. What he doesn’t know is that his sexy blonde teen tomboy neighbor is spying on him while he masturbates! The young teen girl gets turned on watching him stroke that big juicy cock from across the window and she starts playing with herself as well, reaching under her wet panties so she can finger and rub her gushing cunt. She leans against the window, making a light thud that makes him look over his shoulder and realize he’s being watched. He rushes outside and catches her, dragging her back to his place. He’s quite outraged by this invasion to his privacy, seriously considering calling her parents, letting them know what her daughter was doing, but she’s quite sincere and her confession. She explains how fixated she is on his huge cock and how much she likes touching herself while watching her masturbate. Of course he’s flattered… and horny! So he decides not to call her parents and let her stay so she can get a better look at his dick! The young girl dropped to her knees as he unbuckles, overfilled with joy and excitement as she finally gets to touch his cock, feeling how big and hard it is in her soft hands, taking it to her wet lips, sucking and stroking it. This is so much better than masturbating from across the window while watching him jerk off! His cock is so big and so thick it hardly fits her tiny mouth, yet the precious slut does her best to deep throat it as deep as her gag reflexes allow! This sexy girl looks so good gagging on his dick. This guy always does a good job facefucking sexy girls. That magical noise when a girl is getting face fucked. Drool drips down her chin as she strips naked and spreads her legs on his couch so he can lick her dripping wet snatch, putting this bitch down on her hands and knees, ramming his hard sausage deep inside her tight muff and fucking her doggy style from behind. She spreads her ass cheeks with her hands as he makes her dreams (and his) cum true, thrusting his dick deep inside her gaping asshole, stretching it out as he gives her hot anal just like in the movie he was jerking off to! After stretching out her beautiful asshole he blows his load all over her body! On one hand she looks so cute and innocent and on the other hand she takes dick up in her ass so damm well! This girl has a really pretty face, tiny tits, great body, nice pussy, and that was some good anal. 