I just needed to go to the bathroom! I swear! I just got back from classes, I had been drinking lots of soda with my friends and it was cold so by the time I got home I had to go so bad I didn’t even think my stepmom would be in the bathroom! She didn’t hear me come inside either, so I was shocked when I saw her there, slowly stripping naked in front of the bathroom mirror. Admiring her sensual curves, fondling and massaging her big tits, rubbing and fingering her hairy pussy and taking erotic selfies of her pussy and clit! She had a beautiful bush and when she got in the shower, I sneaked inside and grabbed her phone while watching her shower, lathering up her delicious big tits, touching herself as she shaved off that beautiful bush in the shower. My step mom is one of the most beautiful women ever, amazing big tits, big juicy ass and that hairy cunt, amazing! I could suck her tits and her clit for hours! I was standing there looking at the beautiful naked woman in the shower. Stupidly, I reached out too far to get her on video and she caught me! She was quite concerned about this, asking me why I had done this, but the only words I could utter were “Please, don’t shave…” Yes, I was fixated and that beautiful patch of pubic hair and since I was already busted, I reached out and touched it. I thought she would get even more upset, but the smile on her face when she felt my fingers grazing against her pubes told me otherwise. She spread her legs and started grinding her hips slowly as I rubbed and fingered that delicious, wet, pink snatch. She told me to strip naked and get in the shower with her, admiring my naked body and my throbbing erection as she dropped to her knees, taking it in her hands, sucking and stroking it, confessing she had fantasized many times with this very moment. She began to lick my balls and stuffed her mouth with my cock meat, standing and putting one leg over my shoulder, inviting me to penetrate and fuck her right there under the hot water! I fucked her hard as we kissed and moved to the tub, banging her sweet pussy over its edge and lying on the floor so she could ride my hard cock. I massaged her big beautiful tits and fucked them too, blowing my hot and creamy cum all over them. From this day we take all our showers together and she doesn’t shave her bush anymore, just for me! 