This guy is reading a book in his room at his dad’s home when his younger super hot blonde wife Vanessa, his stepmom, walks in wearing a sexy blue dress. As it seems his dad forgot all about her birthday, so she decided to celebrate it with his son instead. She takes off the blue dress, showing him the sexy lingerie she had put on for this special occasion. She climbs on bed with him, takes the book from his hands and starts massaging his throbbing bulge over his pants. She whips out his hard cock, popping it in her mouth, sucking and stroking it. His dick will be her birthday present. When he first moved in, he was worried he wouldn’t get along with his dad’s much younger new wife, but that seems to be working out fine. He’s worried she might tell about this to his dad, but she lets him know that it’s her birthday and she gets to get what she wants. Instead of blowing out the candles, she gets to blow his cock! She lies on her back, spreading her legs wide open, popping her big tits over her bra as he plunges his meaty sausage deep inside her pink cunt and begins fucking her hard in missionary position. Anything for the birthday girl! She was quite upset that her husband forgot all about her birthday, but now that she’s getting her pussy stuffed by his son’s huge cock, she feels all better! You could say she got the long end of the stick, LOL! He massages her big tits while fucking her so deep in her little pussy. He makes her close her legs, putting her sideways and pulling her juicy bubble butt to the edge of the bed, slapping it hard as he rams his cock back inside her pussy and continues pounding her. Right in the middle of their fucking, his dad comes knocking on the door! Looks like somebody finally remembered something about a birthday! Don’t miss one more sneaky sex scene! After avoiding his dad, he goes straight back to fucking his old man’s hot wife! This MILF sneaks, sucks his cock and fucks in every position with those hot ass thigh high nylons and perfect tits bouncing against a sculpted body. He even manages to sneak out of a second encounter with his dads, and tops the cherry on his stepmom’s b-day cake by blowing his creamy load all over her delicious big tits! Definitely the best birthday ever! Vanessa Cage is one of the hottest and sexisest women you will ever see. 