This mature dad is hanging out with his friend, whose telling him all about this teen slut he picked up and fucked a couple of days ago. He tells him how she sneaked him into her own fucking house, taking him to her bedroom, stripping naked in front of him, showing off her fabulous tight teen body, big tits and juicy bubble butt. He goes into detail about how the crazy teen slut sucked and stroked his hard cock, deep throating it all the way down to his balls. How he put her sexy naked body sideways, penetrating her gushing pink cunt from behind and pounding her hard. What a slut whore! He rejoices reminiscing how he stuffed that tight snatch with his mature cock, spreading her legs wide open and rubbing her pussy with his fingers and how he came all over her body and they were both drenched in sweat at the end, when they heard her father coming into the house! He barely managed to get away! It’s a great story, and leaving his friend; he can’t stop thinking about that wild story while walking around his house. That’s when he sees the wallet on the floor. His friend’s wallet! He was fucking his daughter, at his house!!! The part 2 features this dad getting revenge on his friend by fucking his daughter. He walks into the bedroom where the girl is and he starts asking this hot blonde teen how school is going. The old pervert seduces her, exposing his big dick and balls to her, forcing her to stroke him! He’s going to bang her on the same bed her daddy fucked his daughter. The sexy blonde slut sucks and strokes his thick rod while stripping naked for him. Her tight nubile body turns him on as much as the thought of getting even with his best friend. He sucks on the puffy nipples crowning her delicious firm tits and she deepthroats his cock too, while down all fours. He lies flat on his back and makes her squat on his lap, impaling her dripping wet pussy with his huge cock, watching her juicy bubble butt bouncing up and down while riding him in reverse cowgirl. She rubs her pussy while he fucks her hard and he puts her sideways, fucking her from behind in the same position his daughter got fucked by her father. After fucking her doggie style he’s ready to blow his load. Revenge is a plate best served cold, and with a nice side of hot and sticky cum! 