This sexy blonde cougar is doing the laundry and since she’s all alone at the house, she takes the opportunity to also wash the dirty clothes she’s wearing, stripping naked and tossing them in the washer, leaving her panties and high heels on, because she likes how they make her feel like an elegant slut. While the clothes wash, she irons some of her young stepson’s shirts. As she tries one on, she surprised when he walks into the laundry room with his sheets in his arms. Looks like she wasn’t alone! She covers herself, though she knows he already saw her big tits, and takes the sheets and when she spreads them she realizes they are stained with fresh cum! And lots of it! She forgot how much hot and sticky cum a young man like her stepson can produce. She understands, he’s so young and he must feel so horny, same as her. Before she realizes it, her hot body is pressed against his, her big tits pressing his chest as she kisses him passionately on the lips, feeling his tongue flipping inside her mouth and his hands groping her juicy bubble butt and fondling her big breasts! His father hasn’t touched her for months and she craves getting fucked like a slut by a real man. She removes the short as he reaches under her panties, rubbing and fingering her dripping wet cunt. He bends her over the counter, pulling her panties aside, eating her out, tongue fucking her pussy and her tight asshole. The naked blonde drops to her knees, stroking that delicious big cock with both hands, taking it to her mouth, sucking, slurping and licking it, kissing his balls, tasting his salty precum. He bends the MILF over the counter again, ramming his hard cock deep inside her tight cunt, hammering her from behind. He arches her body, slaps her ass, treat her like a slut, she loves it! She throws a leg over his shoulder as he continues banging her in standing position, spreading her legs over the counter and pounding her hard. He plays with her big tits, puts her down on her hands and knees, fucking her doggie style from behind. Blowing his load all over her face and her big tits is much better than soiling the bed sheets! Don’t forget to download the full length movie! There are more episodes with dad, young daughter and two horny moms!!! 