This horny guy is making out with his hot blonde girlfriend at her place, and he’s trying to do it as fast as possible, because he knows her mom can walk through the door any moment. As predicted, she arrives, a beautiful leggy blonde cougar wearing high heels and a sensual red mini dress. She sits next to them, and while his girlfriend is cuddling against his shoulder, her hot mom flashes her delicious big tits at him, squeezing them in her hands and pinching her hard nipples with her fingertips. He can’t believe the show this hot cougar is putting on for him right behind her step daughter’s back. He’s getting a raging hard on, which his girlfriend believes is caused by her cuddling, but it due to her step mom’s big tits! She massages his bulge and takes him to her bedroom so they can have some privacy, leaving the horny mom behind. He’s pretty sure this won’t be the last time he sees her today! The sexy cougar is left turned on, pulling her panties aside so she can play with her dripping wet pussy while fondling her big tits, fantasizing with her daughter’s boyfriend’s huge cock. Why just fantasize and masturbate when the object of her fantasies is next door? She sneaks into her step daughter’s bedroom, her boyfriend and her are sleeping in her bed. The MILF undresses and naked crawls on the bed, taking the boyfriend’s huge cock in her hands and popping it in her wet mouth. He wakes up and she told him to stay quiet so they don’t wake up her step daughter. After sucking and stroking his huge cock, the naked woman stands against the bedroom wall so he can penetrate and fuck her cunt from behind in standing position. He rubs her moist pussy lips with the head and then forces his cock deep in her body, nearly lifting her off the floor with the thrust. He begins to pound her ferociously, harder and faster, going balls deep with each thrust. The mom bends over the bed as he fucks her from behind, their love making sounds have awoken her step daughter. Hearing them fucking turns the girl on, her hand slides down to her wet pussy. She sticks a finger in. She starts stroking in and out. She rubs her clit and groans. She masturbates while listening until she can’t resist turning over and watching them fuck. The girl is eager to join them for a steamy daughter on mother on boyfriend threesome fuck. She latches on to her boyfriend’s hard cock, tasting her mom’s pussy on it while sucking and licking him. The naked girls are kissing each other with the head of his cock trapped between their lips. The lucky guy shoves his huge cock into one mouth, then the other, teasing girls. The sexy mom lies flat on her back with her head hanging over the edge of the bed. The naked girl gets on top of her in a 69 position. He take turns fucking his gf’s wet pussy and the mom’s mouth, the mom take turns licking the stepdaughter’s clit and his balls, the girls is licking her twat, awesome! His big balls are rubbing back and forth all over her face while he fucks her step daughter. His hard cock and mom’s tongue bring her to an orgasm quite quickly. The girl sits on his face, she can feel his nose and lips again on her pussy and he greedily laps his tongue into her wet cunt. Meanwhile the mom grabs his massive cock lowers herself onto it to the fullest.   The naked girls are riding his face and his cock, kissing and rubbing each other’s tits. He lies flat on his back, straddling her on top, pushing his thick cock deep inside his girlfriend’s dripping wet pussy and fucking her in a full sex Nelson while her MILF watches them. She licks her step daughter’s pussy and masturbates her, his huge cock pounds her so hard and fast that his balls are flying up and down. “I think you have another orgasm in there, don’t you slut?” The naked woman jumps onto him and wraps her legs around his waist. She guides his hot throbbing cock into her cunt and starts to ride him in standing position. Smack, smack, smack, smack. He’s fucking her so hard that juices are flying out of her cunt with every stroke. He throws her on the bed and grabs the teen girl and begins pounding her little pussy in the same position. He cradles the petite girl in his arms and pounds her standing and her stepmom can’t stop masturbating looking at them. After they fuck for hours he blows his creamy load all over the naked girls and from now on they are always fucking together!