I was at my girlfriend’s house, making out with her on the couch. I already had my hands on her tits and I could feel her hands massaging my throbbing erection over my jeans when we got interrupted by her mom. My girlfriend had already told me about her, but I had not had the pleasure of meeting her personally until now. It was so awkward, not just because she caught us just about to fuck on the couch, but because she was driving me crazy with her huge tits! Those tits were absolutely perfect. She was sitting so close to me, and it almost looked as if they were going to burst out of her blouse! I was trying so hard to look at her face, but my stare slipping down to her plunging cleavage! As I tried to get away from this awkward situation, she stopped me, literally placing her hand over my crotch as my girlfriend went upstairs to get changed. What happened next was unbelievable, her mom got on her knees between my legs, pulled down on my jeans and grabs my big throbbing member in her hands with a dirty look in her face. She started sucking and stroking my cock right there! I wasn’t quite sure how to react, but my cock was way ahead of me! She unbuttoned her blouse, popping her giant tits over her bra, what a view! I began to fondle her wonderful tits. Her tits were huge and natural, feeling soft, pliable, and bouncy. I expected her to stop as they heard my girlfriend’s steps on the stairs, but her mom showed no signs of slowing down and I was in shock when I heard my girlfriend behind us casually asking how we were. What the fuck!?! I couldn’t believe she didn’t see her mom blowing my dick, she’s simply turned around and left wondering where she was! We stripped naked on the living room and she even took out a big dildo, sucking it hard as I ate her out. I slapped her big tits while pounding her shaved pussy in missionary position. She rubbed her muff as I fucked those big meaty tits and she straddled herself on top and rode my cock in reverse cowgirl. She looks great, what a sexy woman! Those tremendous breasts were bouncing up and down. What a sight it was! Hands down the absolute best boob job I’ve ever seen. After avoiding getting caught by my girl a second time I kept fucking her tits and pumping her cunt as she played with her toy and came all over her big tits! What an amazing whore! 