I had been waiting for weeks for my report card and somehow my naughty blond stepsister managed to get her hands on it before me. When she saw how bad it was, she decided to tease me with it. When I found out that she had it, I knew she wasn’t going to give it up easily. She actually hid it under her bra and ran away from me. I chased after her and when I had her cornered, she took it and placed it under her panties, telling me that if I wanted it, I had to come and get it! Can you believe that? Not only did I take my card, I decided my naughty stepsister needed some discipline, and I ordered her to strip naked in front of me. I could tell she had anticipated this, since she was wearing a sexy white lace garter belt with a fishnet pantyhose underneath her clothes. When she took off her bra and began playing with her firm titties, I got really turned on. Love her red hair, her titties and her pussy looked magnificent. My stepsis is so beautiful, hottest redhead I have ever seen. She came over, got down on her knees, unzipping my pants and releasing my throbbing erection, popping it into her wet mouth, sucking and stroking my hard cock. I made her turn over, ripping her fishnet pantyhose at the crotch and pulling her panties, making them dig into her pink slit while rubbing and massaging it. My stepsister was dripping wet. I ordered her to sit on my cock, pushing her juicy bubble butt up and down my shaft, making her ride my cock in reverse cowgirl position. Her pussy was so warm and wet. It wrapped around me like a glove. I put my hands on her ass cheeks, and pulled them apart so I could thrust deeper inside her pussy. Her pussy lips wrapped tightly around my cock. After this, I lied down on the floor and my naked step sister got on top of me, pushing my rod inside her, riding me in classical cowgirl position, the look on her face was priceless, the look of a slutty stepsister riding on her very own stepbrother’s hard cock and knowing she is enjoying it so much more than she should! She rubbed her pussy with her fingers while straddling my erection and I put her in missionary position, making her spread her legs wide open while I fucked her hard. This would teach my naughty stepsister not to tease me with my bad report card. No girl had ever done that for me, but my own sweet step sister was swallowing my cum like crazy now. She promised to help me improve my grades if I kept fucking her pussy in exchange! 