This sexy blonde teen needs some money, lucky for her, her next-door neighbor has a few “jobs” she can take care of. He puts his sexy blonde teen neighbor to clean the bathroom. The teen girl does a pretty good job, and she looks so sexy covered in suds while scrubbing the shower, squeezing the sponge and letting all that soapy water fall on her big tits, soaking her top and bra. Can’t believe how hot this girl is. She’s pretty with a great body, amazing tits and a doll face! He watches as the little teen slut takes it off, pitching a massive tent under his slacks. The sexy blonde sees his throbbing erection and smiles, since she’s showing him her tits, he may as well show her his dick. He pulls it out and she gets to work on it! She drops to her knees, sucking and stroking his giant cock, finally a job she loves doing and she’s great at! After eating his dick they strip naked and she sits over the bathroom counter, spreading her long legs so he can lick her beautiful pussy. She is totally fucking phenomenal! What an amazing pussy! Probably the smallest ass and the most beautiful pussy I’ve ever seen. He licks her lovely pink slit, lapping at her clit with his tongue sucking, licking and caressing. Love the way she toys with the cock to start with. He puts the head of his huge cock between her lovely pussy lips and gently pushes himself into her all the way. He gives her a moment to adjust to his size, then he begins fucking her. His cock is so big. He starts gently, but gradually increases the speed with which he is fucking her little pussy. That pussy is just begging to be fucked hard. He pulls her juicy bubble butt to the edge of the counter, placing her sideways and banging her hard. He spits all over her delicious little asshole and tosses her salad, tongue fucking her chocolate starfish while she spreads her ass cheeks wide open with her hands. He fingers her asshole, it’s so fucking tight and sexy. The young girl moans loud, she has never thought that her asshole can be a erogenous zone. He makes her stand and bend her over the bathroom counter, penetrating and fucking her cunt from behind while watching her reflection on the bathroom mirror. She begins kissing her own reflection in the mirror, so sexy. He stops so he can continue rimming her tight anus, then goes back to pounding her wet muff. Next he lies flat on his back on the bathroom floor and the tiny naked girl straddles herself on top, squatting over his huge cock and riding him in reverse cowgirl. Her figure is beautiful and she fucks like a champion. She is young but has amazing tits! The teenage whore pushes herself up and down his meaty shaft shows what a skilled little lady she is. He destroys her tight little teen pussy in all possible positions like doggy, sixty nine, sitting, standing until he’s ready to blow his load, squirting hot cum all over her big tits and her slutty face and mouth! 