I love watching me sexy girlfriend walking around the house with no panties. She was just wearing one of my shirts and her delicious bubble butt looked so damn fine. When she saw me staring at her she didn’t even try to hide her naked ass. She started of by teasing me but then gave me something to do and kept me busy, passing me the laundry basket filled with her dirty panties so I could put them in the laundry. Suddenly, I had this overwhelming desire to sniff her panties and her bras! I just like the small of her pussy! What my girlfriend didn’t know was that I had a secret fetish, I love sniffing her panties! I locked myself in the laundry room, or at least thought I did, and began sniffing them, when the door opened and my girlfriend came in, catching me red handed! She was a bit upset at first, and I felt kinda judged by her, but soon she started asking me about it, wanting to know how I felt sniffing her panties and if it turned me on. I could tell she was getting into it and she told me she wanted to help me indulge my fantasies! She started playing with her beautiful pussy, sliding her fingers down her pink slit and showing me how wet she was. She loves teasing me with her legs spread or bending over giving me my private little show of her hairy pussy. Her lush bush was neatly trimmed down and her pussy lips were full and moist. She turned over, shaking her juicy bubble butt, just teasing me and letting my cock get big and hard. Once I had a throbbing erection going on, she took one of her dirty panties and wrapped it around my shaft! My cock was harder than it had ever been before. Done on her knees she started giving me a very slow blowjob, licking the tip of my cock and sliding it gently into her wet mouth, feeling it growing bigger and harder inside it. She deep throated my erection all the way down to the base, her soft lips brushing against her pink cotton panties as she did so. I was so fucking turned on! She made me lie flat on my back on the laundry room floor, straddling herself on top, squatting over my lap and pushing my hard cock deep inside her gushing pussy. Oh, her pussy felt incredibly hot, moist, and super tight. She rode me in cowgirl position, moaning and grunting, begging me to fill her up, her big tits bouncing up and down, what a view! My babe bounced up and down faster and faster and then stopped squeezing my cock hard with her vagina muscles, slowly moving her hips back and forth. She groaned and ground her clit against me as she squeezed my cock inside. With her cotton panties still wrapped around my cock she flipped over and rode me in reverse cowgirl, pushing her juicy bubble butt back against my dick.   I put her down on her hands and knees, her face inside the dryer while fucking her doggie style from behind. Her ass cheeks were slapping hard and loud against me as she moved back and forth. I placed her over the washer machine, spreading her legs and eating her out, tasting her delicious pussy juices flowing from her slit. I pushed my nose into her hairy pussy, enjoying again the exotic scent of her juices. As I licked her clit and lips, I could hear she sigh and saw her close her eyes. I fucked her in missionary position right on the washing machine, stuffing her mouth with her own dirty panties. We fucked faster and harder, her fingers furiously rubbing her wet pussy. I blew my creamy load all over her panties and her face! It felt like I never stopped cumming. Now my girlfriend makes sure she always has lots of dirty panties for me to sniff and get turned on so we can fuck like crazy while indulging what is now our shared fetish!