It’s the holidays and this guy is staying over at his best friend’s house. His friend leaves early every morning and he gets up a little bit later, with a huge morning wood and urging to relieve his bladder, so he rushes to the bathroom. Once there, he can’t help notice a pair of white cotton panties dangling from the towel rack. He stops briefly, picks it up and takes it to his face, sniffing them. They smell so good, they probably belong to his best friend’s gorgeous girlfriend. As he continues to sniff them, he reaches under his boxers, grabs his throbbing erection and begins to masturbate. In that exact moment, his best friend’s girlfriend, a gorgeous busty teen in a tight tank top and shorts walks in on him. When he hears her clearing her throat, he realizes he’s not alone in the house as he supposed. She caught him sniffing her panties and masturbating, how awkward is that? He asks if she’s going to tell her boyfriend, his best friend, or soon to be ex best friend, and she says she doesn’t kiss and tell, while stuffing her cotton panties in his open mouth! She pulls her tank top over her beautiful big tits as she drops to her knees, grabbing his big throbbing cock in her soft hands, sucking and stroking it, drenching it with her saliva. The busty naked teen climbs over the bathroom counter, spreading her legs wide open as he fucks her in missionary position. Her big tits and body are perfect! He fingers her clit while pounding her hard, grabbing those big tits in his hands, squeezing them hard. He grabs her by her chunky bubble butt, she cradles her legs around his waist and he fucks her in standing position. He lies flat on his back on the bathroom floor and the naked girl squats over his dick, pushing it inside her cunt, riding him in reverse cowgirl. He massages her big tits and watches them bouncing freely, what a view! He fucks her from behind in standing position, pressing her big tits against the glass pane of the shower stall. I love seeing her majestic tits smashed up against the shower window. After fucking his best friend’s girlfriend from every possible position he’s ready to blow his creamy load all over her slutty face and her beautiful big tits. She promises not to tell as long as he keeps fucking her all holiday through! 