This sexy blonde babe’s boyfriend is a diehard Star Wars fan, and just like any fan, she knows he shares this collective fantasy regarding Princess Leia in her slave outfit, and she has decided to give him a very special surprise with some super sexy cosplay of his beloved Princess Leia in her erotic slave outfit. He can hardly contain his breath when she disrobes, showing off her outfit that matches the Princess’ up to the smallest detail. It even includes a sexy choker with a small chain leash so he can handle her at his will. At least for tonight she is his Princess sex slave! Grabbing her leash, he pulls her towards him, passionately kissing her soft, wet lips, pressing her hot body against his own, spreading her legs, rubbing and fingering her dripping wet cunt. She moans with pleasure, satisfying her Master’s every wish, command and filthy fantasy is her job and she will do it with pleasure. He pulls her bra over her titties, pushing his hard sausage down her throat, holding her head while she slobbers all over it, sucking his cock, licking his balls and stroking his long shaft. She rubs her muff and he gropes her tits as she gives him head, getting her boobs slapped and his big balls stuffed in her wet mouth. When her mouth gets dry from all that cock sucking, he spits inside it and keeps feeding her dick meat. He puts her on her back, spreading her legs wide open, ramming his throbbing erection deep inside her tight, gushing pussy, banging her in missionary position while she screams and moans at the top of her lungs. He grabs her by the neck while slamming her, making her flush, such a fucking turn on! He lies on his back, making her squat over his cock, impaling her pussy on it, straddled on top and riding her master in cowgirl position. He pounds her faster and harder and soon she is cumming so hard she begins to squirt all over her boyfriend! She is squirting like crazy! Her cunt squirting like a fountain! His hands are on her tits as he pounds into her, his balls are slapping against her pussy. She continues masturbating with that big fat cock inside her and he puts her on her knees, holding her arms back as he fucks her pussy roughly from behind. He drives his hard cock in and out of her hairy cunt with such force and speed that her tits are flying all over the place! He plows her in reverse cowgirl and back to missionary, holding her neck as he blasts hot cum all over her tits and face! She’s wearing that Princess Leia outfit on a daily basis from now on! 