I was fucking my girlfriend when out of the blue, her roommate walked in on us right in the middle of sex! We didn’t understand what was going on, until she explained herself, claiming she just wanted to help her roommate have good sex and that she was there to help and teach me! Can you believe that? As it turns out, she had been overhearing us having sex and noticed that my girlfriend was always quite quiet, and knowing that I’m lame in bed, it probably meant I was having far more fun than her! I still had my dick inside my girlfriend, as her roommate started coaching me right there on the spot! She told me I had to spread her legs far more open, so I could penetrate her deeper, and judging by the look on my girlfriend’s face, her roommate had a point, so I decided to swallow my pride and let her coach me. After all, having her in the bedroom watching us while naked and fucking was really a turn on! Things got hot when she stripped naked and joined my girlfriend in bed, ready to coach her on sucking my cock! Two naked girls started blowing me together, I couldn’t believe it! This sex coaching session was quickly turning into a hot threesome fuck with my girlfriend and her incredibly beautiful, and very sexual, roommate! She wanted to give me some tips on proper pussy eating, so she made my girlfriend lie on her back and spread her legs, eating her out while down on her hands and knees, also prompting me to penetrate and fuck her doggie style from behind while she ate my girlfriend’s pussy! Next, she got on top of my girlfriend and the girls both spread their legs so I could take turns fucking both of them in tandem! While I fucked them, they masturbated each other! I took turns eating them out, starting with her roommate, taking all her pointers and applying them to my girlfriend. After fucking both of them in several positions I was ready to blow my load, blasting lots of hot and creamy cum all over their beautiful faces, their open mouths and their hot naked bodies! I erupted like a volcano! The girls’ faces were covered in white sperm from their forehead to chin. I still have a lot to learn, so now we always have sex with her roommate coaching us! 