This guy decides to try out a sauna bath for the first time in his life with his sexy blonde wife. He doesn’t really understand the point of sitting in a small wooden room filled with steam and sweating like a turkey in the oven, but he wants to indulge his wife, who’s been asking for this for quite some time and just get it off the tray. When they enter the small sauna room he immediately sees they are not alone. A smoking hot naked woman is sitting there, drenched in sweat running down her beautiful big tits. Hey, maybe this sauna deal wasn’t such a bad idea after all, LOL! His wife sits by her side and he sits in the deck below them. He is clearly smitten by the totally naked and uber hot woman in the sauna, who is ferociously flirting with him in turn. As hard as he tries, he can’t stop looking at the her tits! Even more so when the naked brunette moves to add some water to the steamer, letting the wet towel slide off her body, she’s gorgeous! His wife lies on her back and places a wet towel over her eyes and decides to relax and soak up the steam while the naughty brunette spreads her legs and starts rubbing her wet muff, masturbating right in front of him! His dick is getting so big and hard, but that’s alright, because as soon as the brunette stops working on her pussy, she gets to work on his dick, sucking and stroking it, mixing her saliva with the sweat and precum from his cock! He caresses her sweaty body and her big tits as she leans over so he can penetrate and fuck her from behind, right next to his wife! She’s pushing her juicy bubble butt back against his dick, impaling her tight asshole on it right when his wife busts them! He begs his wife not to go away mad… while still butt fucking the brunette! He starts banging the shit out of the slut as soon as the angry wife leaves. Oh well, he has to finish what he started so he licks the brunette’s asshole, rimming her and straddling her on top of his lap, so she can ride his hard sausage while pushing her big sweat soaked tits against his chest. He pounds her dripping wet pussy and her tight asshole in several different positions and cums all over her sweaty face and tits, happy his wife convinced him to take a steam bath! 