To be honest with you, I didn’t want to take part in my stepfather’s stupid Easter egg hunt tradition, until I saw my stepsister dressed like a bunny! She’s a beautiful blonde as she looked so sexy in her pink bunny outfit, with fluffy bunny ears and a yellow ruffled skirt. Man there is something about this girl that I just find incredibly and sexually attractive. Man, I could feel the cream filling in my Easter eggs boiling up the moment I saw her. Wait, it gets even better! She dropped an egg and as she bent over to take it, not only was she wearing absolutely nothing under her skirt, she had a bling butt plug stuffed in her asshole! This Easter egg hunt was on! Of course finding Easter eggs was the last thing on our minds, I was looking for her pussy and she was eager to find my cock! She got down on her knees, absolutely amazed at the view of my massive throbbing erection. “Oh my God, it’s so fucking big! I am not even sure it can fit that down my throat!” She exclaimed in awe as I slapped my sausage all over her cute face. She began sucking my cock like a whore right in the middle of the living room, stroking it with her gloved hands, drool dripping from the sides of her lips and down her chin. Her dad was timing us, thinking we were busy hunting for eggs, if he only knew! While I detoured him to buy us some time I pushed my slutty step sister on the sofa, she legs were now spread wide, her foot was over her head, her cunt was wide spread. I started to eat out her pussy, greedily lapping-up her cunt-juice, sucking her sensitive clit, tongue-fucking her hole. I put her down on her hands and knees on the couch, ramming my big juicy cock deep inside her dripping wet pussy and fucking my sexy stepsister/Easter bunny bitch doggie style from behind. She looked over her shoulder as I banged her and I admired that sexy bling up her ass while reaching over and massaging her tits. “I want you to cum all over this tight little asshole!” she yelled. My step sister has such a great body, sexy ass, tight little pussy, and I liked that anal toy, that buttplug popping out was awesome! I love this fucking girl.. She spread her legs wide open in missionary position and begged me for more and more dick up her cunt. I pumped her cunt so hard while she rubbed her clit that she expelled the bling butt plug from her asshole pushing it off with her anal sphincter! Fucking hot! I dick was doing in and out… in and out until she came, with amazing squirting orgasm!!! She straddled herself on top and rode my dick and I filled her with hot Easter cum just in time to finish the hunt! 