I met these three hot girls when I saw them stranded by the side of the road. The girls were on their way to the music festival but their car broke down. I was going there myself, so I was more than happy to give these three beautiful girls a ride. They were so overjoyed and excited! They thought they were going to miss the festival and they wanted to show their gratitude for giving them a lift by flashing me their boobies as we drove to the festival! We hung out during the festival and I invited them to come back to my place afterwards so we could continue partying. Once we got to my place, the teen whores were ready to really show me their gratitude, pulling my pants down and giving me a triple blowjob and handjob combo! Man, having three beautiful girls sucking, stroking and licking your cock and balls at the same time is out of this world! The festival was just an afterthought compared to this! The girls got naked and one of them straddled herself on my lap, pushing my cock into her tight pussy and riding me in cowgirl position while her naughty friends watched us, touching each other and their friend, giving me a hot lesbian tease show while I took turns banging them! I got so turned on watching how they fondled her titties, midriff and thighs and she told them they should really try my cock, damn! The second naked girl got on top of me and took her place, she sat on my lap with her delicious bubble butt facing my way, riding me in reverse cowgirl while her friends sat by my side, playing with her ass and spreading her butt cheeks wide open so I could penetrate her as deep as possible. The second girl got off me and the third one got on top, straddling me in cowgirl position. She had short black hair, beautiful titties and sensual hips and she was riding me like a bull at the rodeo! One of her slutty friends massaged and fondles her titties while the other rubbed her snatch. I put her in missionary position, leaning against her friends, her legs spread wide open, pounding her hard with my throbbing erection. As my dick exited her dripping wet clam, one of her friends went down on it, swallowing it all the way down to my balls, drooling all over it, tasting her friend’s pussy juices mixed with my precum. Man, I felt like a fucking rock star, like the fucking star of my very own porn movie! I just kept banging the girls in tandem, watching them having hot lesbian sex while sucking and stroking my hard cock until I was ready to blow my load, blasting lots of hot and creamy cum all over their faces and watching them swap it back and forth between them! 