August is a beautiful brunette girl and she is so close to getting into her dream college she can almost taste it. She just has to ace this interview with the dean. She is smart, proactive, organized, independent and skilled, she has all the merits to be accepted. But, as it turns out, the dean is kind of an asshole. Luckily for this babe, she’s also smoking hot and has been gifted with a beautiful set of big tits. If letting the dean get a good look at them is what it takes for her to get in, she’s more than willing to do it! She pulls them over her tank top and plays with them, squeezing them in her hands and shaking them in front of the dean. It looks like now she has his full attention! School girl outfits, knee socks, the glasses, I’m a huge fan of August getting slutty in a sexy school girl outfit. She sits on his lap, putting her tits against his face so he can suck on her nipples while squeezing them like grapefruits. However, it seems the dean needs a little bit more incentive, so she gets on her knees, pulls down his slacks and starts sucking and stroking his huge cock. She’s actually amazed with how big it is, it’s definitely going to put her oral skills to the test, but August loves the challenge. The more she sucks his dick, the more turned on she gets, drooling all over it, drenching it with her saliva and stuffing her mouth with his balls. She wraps her tits around his cock and massages it with them, and the dean sits her on the edge of his desk, spreading her legs and fucking her dripping wet twat in missionary position. She rubs her pussy while he’s fucking her. It’s not even about the interview anymore, she’s just so fucking turned on by the dean and his huge cock, she just wants him to get her off! He bends her over his desk, ramming his cock deep inside her cunt, pounding her hard from behind. His pace is so fast and hard that I can’t imagine how her pussy will feel for the next few days. He eats her out and she straddles herself on top, sliding his big dick inside her and riding him in reverse cowgirl. Gotta love those tits! Naughty August leaves the dean’s office with a letter of acceptance into her dream college in her hands and his delicious hot cum dripping from her wet lips! 