My roommate is a sexy brunette with glasses and we’ve been sharing an apartment for the last couple of months. We usually stay out of each other’s way, but last night I heard some unusual noises coming from her room, and just in case, I decided to take a peek, since she had left the door ajar. Imagine my surprise when I saw her masturbating like mad and squatting over a mirror placed on the floor, checking out her reflection on it as she masturbated herself with her big tits dangling lose over her tight tank top. She was screaming at the top of her lungs and when she came, her body squirmed and convulsed as she squirted all over the mirror and her bedroom floor! Wow, I had no idea my roommate was a squirter! I had heard about this and seen it on porn videos, but never in real life! She just kept on going and going and I couldn’t stop watching! The squirt just kept gushing from her pussy, I couldn’t believe she could hold so much squirt juice in her body to begin with. Women are fascinating! She was so concentrated making herself squirt, almost as if in a trance, so she hadn’t noticed me yet. I was super turned on, jerking my cock like crazy when I stumbled and fell into her bedroom. Busted! She was embarrassed, obviously thinking what she was doing was weird, but when I told her how hot and sexy she looked while squirting she decided to let me stay and see more and closer! Of course I put on my swimming goggles, knowing I was going to get drenched by her gushing juices as she masturbated just inches from my face, playing with her big tits as I fingered and tongue fucked her pink snatch, swallowing her gushing pussy juices as she squirted on me. She was cumming and she quivered, moaning, cumming in my mouth. “I want your cock in my mouth so bad…” she opened my mouth and slowly took my dick into her warm, hungry mouth. She got down on her hands and knees, sucking and stroking my throbbing erection. She was slobbering on it like she was a cock-starved blowjob slut! Her eyes were wide, when she plugged her whole throat blowing me. Her face was covered with drool and saliva. “I want your cock inside my little pussy!!!” She spread her legs wide open, I placed the head of my cock between her pussy lips and drove my cock deep inside. I began fucking her tight pussy in missionary position, pounding her faster and faster with my cock and she grunted with each thrust. The hot babe rubbed her muff while I banged her, I wanted to see my sexy roommate squirting while we fucked.   I wanted her bed sheets and mattress to end up soaked with her pussy juices! She grabs a huge vibrator, applying it to her clit, gushing as I fucked her. She turned over and laid on her stomach with her gorgeous juicy ass to me. She lifted her ass up towards my hard dick and I began fucking her, riding her cowboy style. She brought both her hand behind her back and spread her smooth butt cheeks very wide. Her butt hole was stretched. I slammed in and out of her with tremendous force, such that her soft ass cheeks jiggled with each stroke. When a girl spanks her ass and points her asshole at you, that’s the universal sign to fuck her brains out. I lied flat on my back and the hot naked babe straddled herself on top, riding on my hard cock in cowgirl and reverse, teasing me with her beautiful big tits and her juicy bubble butt as she straddled me, squirting like a fucking garden hose all over the place. I put her sideways and fucked her from behind, making her suck on my fingers and pulling her tits to her mouth so she could suck on her nipples, blasting lots of hot and sticky cum all over her face and tits. Now when she wants to squirt she comes to my room!