I was driving around town when I spotted this hot blonde hitchhiking and I decided to give her a lift. She got stranded after an argument with her boyfriend and I could tell this girl needed a self-esteem boost, something I am an expert at. I started flattering and complimenting her, telling her how hot and sexy she looked, and how much of an asshole her boyfriend had to be to argue with such a beautiful woman. It just took me a couple of minutes to have this sexy blonde slut on the rebound, rubbing my throbbing bulge over my pants as I drove. Yeah, I know her type, after fighting with their boyfriends, these girls are ready to jump at the first cock that pushes their buttons! That’s what I never argue with my girlfriend, LOL! She unzipped me, reaching between my legs, grabbing my big hard cock in her hands and leaning over so she could start sucking and stroking it as I kept driving. She blew my dick all the way until I found the perfect spot where I was finally able to park my car and fully concentrate on getting head from this beautiful blond bitch. She kept moaning with pleasure as she gobbled up my premium cock meat, and we moved to the back of my car, straddling herself on my lap and pushing my throbbing member deep inside her gushing cunt so she could ride me. She pushed herself up and down my cock and I stuck my finger in her wet mouth so she could suck on it while I pumped her with dick. Nothing made her hotter than the idea of being fucked by a stranger. The feeling of being in her tight pussy was so intense, my cock was throbbing deep inside her body. I spread her legs wide open, penetrating and fucking her in missionary position. Her pussy was soaking wet, totally excited about getting fucked by a real man with a real cock after having such a nasty fight with her loser boyfriend. I put her sideways and fucked her from behind, spreading her ass cheeks wide open with her own hands so I could penetrate her as deep as possible. I bet her boyfriend was the last thing on her mind right now, as they kept fucking her tight pussy and making her suck and stroke my cock, finally blasting my hot and sticky cum all over her beautiful face and open mouth! 