I spotted this sexy blonde teen working out at the Park, keeping her perfect body in shape, and I started following her around, picking up a conversation with her to see if we could hit it off. I told her all about my video studio and how I thought she would be a perfect fit for the latest concept I was working on. She was quite interested and agreed to follow me back to my place. She was turned on by the idea of getting naked in front of the camera and showing off that fabulous hot naked body she worked so hard for! Her juicy bubble butt was simply flawless, she made it bounce up and down while bending over my couch, showing me her delicious pink pussy burger and tender little asshole as she spread her butt cheeks wide open with her hands. Man, I was getting a raging hard on from watching her! Her skin glistened with sweat, shiny under the lights of my studio. This babe was perfection embodied! She took my throbbing erection in her soft hands and began sucking and stroking it, licking from the shaft down and moving up to the tip, slipping it into her wet mouth and working it like a pro. She straddled herself on my lap, rubbing my boner up and down the crack of her sweaty ass while massaging my balls with her other hand, man, that almost made me cum on the spot! I placed her over the couch’s back rest, spread her sexy legs wide open and pushed my dick deep inside that tight pink clam, banging her hard in missionary position. Her young pussy was so tight that it felt as though it would explode as I pushed even farther in. She had her beautiful titties dangling from the top of her T-shirt, her perky nipples upright and erect as she touched me and herself, rubbing her cunt and begging me to fuck her brains out. I pinned the naked girl shoulders to the floor, lifting her lower body, legs spread wide open, pumping her hard with cock meat, stuffing that tight pussy to the brim. She groped her tits and clenched her pussy muscles while massaging her clit, screaming with pleasure at the top of her lungs. I put her down on her hands and knees, penetrating and fucking her doggie style from behind, making her shake and twerk her delicious bubble butt, glistening and shiny with her sweat. I was giving this sexy bitch a new type of workout she had never experienced before. I was making her burn more calories in a single sex session then she ever burned with any of her high-intensity routines! I made her cum over and over until she could take no more and then I filled her cum hungry mouth with my powerful protein shake, a creamy semen milkshake that would replenish her after such an intense fuck workout session! Now this bitch comes knocking on my door every day to “work out” with me! 