It’s Easter and this family got all dressed up for the occasion so they can snap some holidays themed family pictures. This sexy teen is dressed in pink and even wearing cute bunny ears. Her uncle dressed up in an Easter Bunny costume and though she’s not sure if he has any Easter eggs with him, she soon finds out he has a throbbing erection under his costume! While they take pictures, the horny uncle takes her hand behind her back, in the Bunny’s costume and puts it on his erect cock! He wnats the young girl to stroke his big juicy cock. She seems surprised and embarrassed at first but quickly agrees. The girl wraps her tiny hand around his cock and begins a slow up and down stoke right behind her parents’ back! With her free hand the little teen slut probes and prods his balls from behind. Then she leans over so she can hug her dad and mom while they take more pictures. What they don’t know is that in this position her horny uncle can hike up her pink dress and fuck her dripping wet pussy from behind! This is one of the hottest sneaky sex scenes ever! The girl is way more of a slut whore than her innocent looks suggest. She actually likes getting this old pervert off and keeps slowly moving her naked ass back and forth on his cock. Her dad comes up with this fantastic picture idea, how about Uncle Bunny sitting on the couch with her on his lap? The horny teen’s mouth and pussy waters just thinking about it! She sits on his lap, feeling his huge cock impaling her tight cunt inch by inch until it’s all inside her, smiling from cheek to cheek as they take those pictures. If her parents only knew what was making her smile like that! While they check out the pictures they took, she pushes her juicy bubble butt back against her uncle’s meaty dick. Her parents leave for a few minutes, finally! Their daughter gets on her knees, sucking and stroking the Easter Bunny’s cock. The girl has her dress on but it’s pulled down and she’s basically naked. Her mouth eagerly swallows his cock and her hands play with his balls. The teen girl gives her deranged uncle before sitting back on top of his dick so she can continue riding it. She lifts her pink dress and rubs her cunt while getting fucked by her very own uncle, on Easter day! This is so fucking kinky! Her hairy pussy is actually really turning him on. I can’t take my eyes off her bush, so sexy! She bounces on his fat cock and her uncle rubs and massages her snatch, making her squirm with delight. She gets back on her knees so she can suck his cock some more and tastes her very own pussy on it. This is much more fun than hunting for Easter eggs! After all, she’s not interested in the Easter Bunny’s eggs, she just wants his dick!   She lies flat on her back, spreading her legs wide open so her uncle can fuck her in missionary position while she plays with her cunt. He pounds her so hard the sofa starts to move under her. He grabs her cute ass squeezing her buttocks as he fucks her, going inside deeper and deeper with each move, balls slapping against her ass. “OH YEAH, FUCK ME! FUCK ME HARD!” It’s hard for her to tell what turns her on most, the fact that she’s getting fucked by her uncle, that he’s wearing an Easter bunny outfit, or both! He puts her down on her hands and knees, penetrating and fucking her tight cunt doggie style from behind while she moans and grunts, letting him know how good it feels. She wants the Easter bunny to stretch her pussy out and blow his creamy load into her cum hungry mouth before her folks return! This seems to be some new sexy Easter tradition and she can’t wait until the next holiday to see what her horny uncle comes up with!