Cherie is my stepmom’s best friend, a ravishing blonde cougar with a smoking hot body, long legs, big tits and a delicious bubble shaped butt. The busty blonde beauty loves to show off her amazing body and make men drool. I love it when she comes over because they get to see her dressed in those sexy, skintight outfits she loves putting on just to tease me and make me hard. The MILF likes provoking me, watching my bulging erection throbbing under my jeans. She’s going to take this to the next level! When my stepmom is not looking, she begins massaging my bulge under the kitchen counter, right under her nose! She excuses herself to use the restroom, leaving me with my cock just about to burst out of my pants, but she comes back crawling so my stepmom doesn’t see her! Concealed by the kitchen counter, she whips out my cock and starts sucking and stroking it! I can’t believe this is actually happening! A part of me realizes my stepmom could catch us in any moment, yet another part of me doesn’t want this to stop! I guess cock overrules brains, LOL! While she’s eating my cock, my stepmom’s eating my ears, and I’m trying real hard to pay attention to what she’s talking about, but try concentrating when her best friend is giving you head at the same time! Cherie lifts my dick, licking and sucking my balls and running her velvet tongue from my scrotum to the tip of my dick, tasting my precum. She drools all over the tip and it drips down her lips and chin, she has a wicked dirty smile on her face, she’s loving every minute of this. My moms’ frind must be the best cock sucker. I wish that was my cock wedged between her boobs – she is awesome! She stops and resurfaces from under the kitchen counter, pretending she just came back from the restroom. She figures out how to take me out of the kitchen and to the living room, yes! She asks if I have ever been with an older woman. Once I tell her no, she straddles herself on top of my hard cock, pushing it inside her pussy, riding me in reverse cowgirl while rubbing her muff! Cherie is a nature masterpiece, she’s absolutely perfect, a gorgeous woman and the way she can ride a cock is awesome with her plump ass bouncing and moving the way it does. This MILF has so much sexual energy that a crew of more than five well-hung studs would be needed to satisfy this whore in a Gangbang. DP and Creampie both of those hot holes. Out of the blue, my stepmom walks in with a couple of digits in her hands! She thought we might be hungry and brought some snacks over and finds her best friend bouncing on her stepson’s dick! The slut doesn’t even stop, and actually invites my stepmom to come and join us for a hot threesome fuck! Is this really happening? She climbs off my dick, grabs it and begins to lick and kiss it. “Just LOOK at this hard cock!” After watching her suck my cock, my stepmom comes over and joins her! The horny women give me a double blowjob and I get to see my beautiful stepmom stripping naked and straddling herself on my dick. She is very beautiful and sexy too. Her friend holds my dick and cups my balls while my stepmom lowers herself slowly onto it.   My cock slides easily in her wet cunt. She smiles, looking down, feeling my cock pulsing and throbbing deep within her vagina. The horny mom wants to ride extra hard on my cock. Her big juicy tits are bouncing up and down as she rides my cock with her best friend sitting on my face so I can eat her out! Love those great big tits on that little body. “You’re going to make me cum!” She is simply, a goddess! Two naked women take turns rideing my face and my dick. Cherie rides my dick while licking my stepmom’s pussy and I see them having hot lesbian sex and masturbating each other while taking turns fucking with me. I’m more than willing to let these two MILFs use me to satisfy their lustful desires and fantasies. They use my young hard cock until I blow my load all over their faces and their big tits! The horny sluts swallow my cum like I’ve never seen before “Yes, shoot it in my mouth!”