Wanting to prove to his girlfriend that he’s a responsible man, this guy agrees to stay home alone with her two daughters. He gets along great with two sexy black teens, and the evening seems to be going smoothly. Upstairs, one of the sisters gets comfy in her bed with her laptop, playing with her pussy while watching some porn. Meantime, downstairs in the kitchen, he’s fixing up dinner with the assistance of the other daughter. She drops some stuff and the sink and gets splashed with water. It makes the fabric of her top stick to her beautiful tits, showing the contours of her perky nipples. He can’t help staring at her tits, much less concealing the tent he’s pitching under his jeans! Right in that moment he gets a call from his girlfriend, the daughters’ mom, and as he’s taking it the daughter starts playing with his belt buckle, unbuckling him while rubbing and massaging his bulge! She gets on her knees, releasing his throbbing erection, holding his big white dick in her hands, what an expression of awe and wonder, impressed by the size and girth of his member. No wonder her mom loves him so much! The teen slut gives him head while he’s on the phone talking to her mom and after he hangs up, she strips naked from the waist down, bending over the kitchen table so he can fuck her dripping wet pussy from behind! This naked girl looks so fucking cute, sexy and naughty. Love those natural tits and her shaved black pussy. Over and over he runs the head of his cock up to her pink clit and back down her slit as we watch her black pussy lips wrap around his stiff cock. Her legs are shaking from the pleasure while her brown body shakes from the eroticism of seeing his white cock against her ebony pussy. In that moment, the second daughter comes down to the kitchen for some water and finds her sister getting fucked by her mom’s boyfriend! Still turned on by the porn she was watching upstairs, she strips naked, teasing him with her big tits, signaling him to join her in her bedroom! He picks up the tempo so he can finish fucking one daughter before running off to fuck the other one! He gets lucky enough to jump on these two BEAUTIFUL ladies!!!!! Once upstairs, he lies on his back on the other sister’s bed and she straddles herself on his cock, making her big tits bounce up and down while riding him until he remembers he has unfinished business downstairs! Her sister is still there, he blindfolds her and makes her ride his dick. He’s fucking her in missionary while her sister comes downstairs and joins them, masturbating herself while watching her sister getting fucked by her mom’s boyfriend! These sisters have always had a nasty sibling rivalry. The girls fight over everything – ESPECIALLY guys. So these two black girls waste no time competing for this hard cock. 