I was waiting in line at the parking lot payment box when I saw this beautiful girl in front of me. She was exactly what I was looking for! Hot PAWG babe coudn’t go anywhere without her giant booty attracting attention! I approached her and explained to her that I had a YouTube channel and I was looking for beautiful girls like her to film some sexy content. She said she was in a hurry, but when I offered her 40 bucks for a few minutes of her time, she accompanied me to a nearby bench where we could talk. She was playing hard to get, but I had enough cash in my pocket to sweeten her up and it only took me a few minutes to have this sexy bitch shaking her ass in front of my camera. We looked for a quiet spot away from wandering eyes and passersby, and she dropped to her knees, sucking and stroking my hard cock. This is the type of footage that will get me so many likes on YouTube! This sexy babe gave awesome head, but I wanted to fuck her, so I lied flat on my back on the parking lot floor as she straddled herself on top, with her top pulled over her beautiful tits and her panties pulled to the side, sitting on my lap, pushing my hard cock deep inside her and riding me in cowgirl position. She rubbed her muff while riding me, pushing that sexy body up and down my shaft, I could tell she was really into it, dogging turned this bitch on big time! The naked babe flipped over and rode me in reverse cowgirl, watching that juicy bubble butt bouncing on my lap almost made me gush on the spot, man! I slapped her ass and the horny slut spread her butt cheeks wide open with her hands, looking over her shoulder to make sure I was having as much fun as she was, damn right I was! I spread her legs in missionary and continues pounding her wet mouth with her pulling the stretchy fabric of her panties all the way to her mouth so she could bite on them while I was banging her hard. I managed to blow my load all over her face and tits and she agreed to help me film more dogging sex scenes for my channel! 