This sexy teen is practicing flute in her bedroom, but it’s so hard to concentrate, she’s feeling very horny and turned on, but she doesn’t have anyone to call or any sex toys to play with. That’s when she starts looking at her flute in a different way and after measuring it with her hands she realizes it’s the perfect sex toy. Its like American Pie… ‘this one time at band camp i stuck my flute in my pussy…’ yeah, American Pie’s deleted scene, lol! Gives playing the skin flute a whole new meaning. The hot young girl spreads her legs and starts masturbating herself with it, using it to fuck her dripping wet pussy. The cold steel gives her pleasurable sensations as she inserts her flute into her cunt inch by inch, curious to see how much of it she can fit inside her. Her moans of pleasure attract the attention of her stepbrother and when she looks over her shoulder she finds him showing her erotic solo flute concerto. She’s terribly upset and embarrassed, but her big stepbrother lets her know that’s okay, that feeling the need to masturbate and experiment is normal, but he has something that might be able to satisfy her much better than her flute. He whips out huge cock and invites her to try it out. She puts her hand around his pole. She is biting her lower lip. She sticks her tongue out as she pulls his cock closer to her lips and licks the tip. As soon as she wraps her fingers and lips around the shaft and tip, she falls in love with it, just like the first time playing her flute. His sexy step sister opens her little mouth and he pulls her down on him, forcing his cock deep into her mouth. After swallowing his cock on her hands and knees she strips naked and straddles herself on his lap with her legs spread wide open, she needs to feel her stepbrother’s big juicy dick inside her tight cunt so bad! She pushes his big cock inside her, feeling it stuffing her inch by inch until he’s completely in her. He plays with her tiny titties and with her clit while she rides him. She clenches her teeth tight when he jams his cock in balls deep. Her stepbro keeps pounding his cock in her as deep as he can, fucking his tiny step sister almost furiously. She pushes her slit back down onto his cock, harder, harder… Her legs are shaking. Her cries become louder and more intense. Her whole body is shaking. His hot throbbing cock brings her to an incredible orgasm. She squeezes her legs together, trapping his hands between her thighs. She is so sensitive from the orgasm. Then he puts his naked stepsister on her back, spread eagles her drills her gushing twat in missionary position. He grabs her legs and thrusts as fast and hard as he can. I’m amazed how turned on this girl is, her body is so tight and is so sexy! He keeps on pounding her bald pussy.   The hot teen rubs her pussy with her fingers while he’s banging her, holding on tight to her flute as he turns her over, bending her and penetrating her from behind. She looks over her shoulders, she wants to see the look on her stepbrother’s face while he’s fucking her so hard. She gets on her hands and knees, getting fucked by his big dick doggie style from behind. She loves the way her stepbrother is fucking her, his cock is so big and hard, she can’t believe she spent so many afternoons locked up in her bedroom practicing with her flute are masturbating herself when she could have been sucking and fucking that big delicious cock instead. It’s okay, she knows how to make up for lost time. From now on, she’s dedicating less hours to her flute and more to her stepbrother’s throbbing erection. After all, that delicious cock and satisfy her in ways that her flute just can’t. She can already imagine it, as her stepbrother blows his load, blasting hot cum all over her cute face. Cleaning his cock with her tongue is also more fun than cleaning her flute! Adria Rae is a fucking awesome star. Good performer, incredibly cute. She’s great. Logan Long is a strong up and coming stud with a large dick. These two together is all this scene needs. 