Ever met a girl that gets so scared watching scary movies that she can sleep alone at night afterwards but still can’t resist watching them? That’s my stepsister! She loves watching scary movies no matter how much they frighten her, and ever since she has her big stepbrother, she always asked me to watch them with her. I don’t mind, she’s fucking hot, and I love having her holding me really tight and close to her when the scary parts come up. I sit down with her, but this scary movie is not like the others, it’s filled with sexy, erotic scenes and pretty soon I’m pitching a tent and my stepsister is rubbing and massaging it! She unzips my jeans and gets quite a scare herself when she sees how huge my dick is, but this doesn’t stop her from playing with it, stroking it with her soft hands, watching it getting even bigger and harder! Unfortunately, our grandfather comes in and interrupts us, sitting down to watch the movie would us, not now you old fart! I worry that the moment passed, but it looks like my stepsister still wants to play! She spits on my dick and pops it in her mouth while our grandfather’s not watching! Thankfully, it doesn’t take our grandfather too long to fall asleep on the couch, and we know when this happens absolutely nothing will wake him up. My sister gets down on her hands and knees and I admire her delicious bubble shaped ass while ramming my hard cock deep inside her gushing pussy and fucking her doggie style from behind! I can’t believe I’m fucking my very own stepsister, I knew all those nights watching scary movies with her were going to pay off eventually! I stay still and the little slut pushes her bubble butt against my cock, grinding it and I pull up her top, grabbing her delicious tits over her bra as I unhook it, playing with her tender tits while kissing her neck and shoulders. I even hang her upside down off the side of the couch and give her vertical drill fucking. The sneaky sex is such a huge turn on for the both of us and I keep banging her little pussy until I blow my load all over her face and tits. Best movie night ever! Finally, our grandfather walks in and sees his sweet granddaughter getting cock thrashed by her step brother, but luckily he has forgot his glasses and can’t make out what is going on. Even just a few feet away he can’t notice the jizz all over his innocent granddaughters face. 