This beautiful curly haired blonde’s stepdad always gives her permission to have sleepovers with her best friend; after all, he knows what the young teens are really for! He knows these encounters give her the chance to explore her sexuality with her beautiful friend, and if he’s lucky, he gets to spy on the girls and jerk off to his sexy stepdaughter and her friend tribbing and licking each other’s pussies! As he watches the naked girls scissoring he urges them to go faster, so the young lesbians can match the rhythm of his cock jerking, but doesn’t realize he’s talking so loud they actually hear him and see him spying on them while wanking off! His stepdaughter is quite distraught by this, but her friend sees it differently, after all, he has a huge dick and that’s what’s missing in their sleepover! The horny teen slut invites him over, gets on her hand and knees and starts sucking and stroking that huge cock while his step daughter watches amazed. She touches her pussy and by the look on her face, he knows she wants to get a taste of what her friend and lesbian lover is sucking and licking! She has never tasted cock before and it’s her turn. To begin with she licks its length before taking it into her mouth. The hot girls begin sucking and strocking his cock together, massaging and licking his balls with their tiny hands. Two very hot young sluts! Everyone knows what sleepovers are really for! Both these chicks are MAD sexy. I love Kimmy Granger cause she is a nasty whore who chokes on huge cock and her cowgirl is one of the best i´ve seen in years. She’s twerking her hips and ass on his cock, bouncing up and down his 11-inch cock and grinding her pussy against him. The way this hot teen rides the dick is incredible and the way she can control her body is something special to behold. He lies on his back and holds the sexy friend up in mid air with his strong arms while she keeps eating his dick, licking and sucking on his balls. He makes his sexy stepdaughter straddle herself on top and drives his huge cock deep inside her teen pussy, she’s so fucking tight and soaking wet! Her friend rubs her muff while she’s getting dicked by her very own stepdad, that’s so filthy, dirty and hot! Her friend spits on her cunt, spreads her legs wide open and makes her masturbate while her stepdaddy is pounding her. He puts her sexy friend sideways so she can take some dick too, while eating out his stepdaughter’s pussy. He rubs her muff while pumping her with cock and then tongue fucks her too, penetrating her in missionary position with his stepdaughter licking her clit, making her squirt all over the bed and soaking the sheets with her pussy juices! He puts his stepdaughter down on all fours and fucks her doggy style from behind with her friend on top, eating her muff and making the girls squirt until he’s ready to blow his load all over their faces and bodies! Both girls are so cute, tight bodies, stunning. I love it when they team up two great porn stars that make a power team, Naomi and Kimmy definitely make great scenes together. 