My stepsister and I sleep in the same bedroom on separate beds, and when I wake up in the morning to go to the bathroom it’s not unusual to find her sneaking into my bed so she can cuddle up with me. I’m okay with it, after all, she’s fucking hot and sexy. Today, however, it looks like she wants much more than just cuddling. Pretty soon she starts kissing me softly all over my face and I can feel her hands sliding up and down my body. I just woke up so I have a massive erection, you know, morning wood. I feel her hands on my cock, stroking it gently as she begins kissing me on the lips and our cuddling session turns into full on foreplay! She’s so fucking turned on! I’m not going to lie, I’m excited as hell too! She climbs on top of me in a 69, sucking and stroking my hard cock while pushing her pelvis against my face so I can eat her out! Her pussy is so hot and wet! I can taste her delicious pussy juices gushing from her pink slit. I put her on her back, spreading her legs, rubbing my throbbing erection up and down her slit, finally ramming it deep inside her, fucking her hard in missionary position. I love fucking in the morning, my cock is at its hardest, and my stepsister’s pussy is so fucking tight, probably the tightest pussy I ever fucked in my life and I’m already looking forward to fucking it every single morning from now on! I lie flat on my back and my naked step sister straddles herself on top, her back and ass are facing my way as she sits on my cock and rides me in reverse cowgirl position. She has to placed her hand over her mouth to muffle her screams so our parents don’t realize something is going on in the bedroom. I rubbed her pussy while fucking her, groping her titties, putting her sideways and fucking her from behind. I plunge myself all the way deep in her wet cunt! My sexy babe looks over her shoulders, delighted with her stepbrother fucking her brains out. I can feel the cum boiling in my balls as I pull out, blasting hot cum all over her face, her open mouth and her naked body! Looking forward to more cuddling with my stepsister! 