Sharing the apartment with your stepdad can be complicated, but this sexy brunette babe finds some time to sneak into the bathroom, get naked and play with herself. She checks herself out in front of the mirror, admiring her tall, slender body, passing her soft hands all over her beautiful breasts and her tight ass. She is such a beautiful and unbelievably cute girl. I must admit that I find young, small breasted slender girls to be very appealing. She prepares herself a hot bubble bath and pretty soon she finds herself relaxing, softly touching herself and giving into those pleasurable sensations. It is in this moment that her stepdad walks into the bathroom and sees his young naked stepdaughter playing with her pussy in the tub. He’s embarrassed, but she’s not. She tells him to just close the door so her mom doesn’t know they are there and invites them to get closer to the tub. She can see the big throbbing bulge between his legs and she likes that. She unzips him, taking his big juicy cock in her hands and starts sucking it with a delighted look on her face. It’s been a while since he got a blowjob from her mom. She can tell by how big and hard his cock gets in her wet mouth. Once his cock is fully erect she instructs him to lie on his back over the tub, squatting on top of him, grabbing onto the shower curtain rail while pushing her bald pink pussy on to his dick. Her pussy is warm, very wet, tight and so beautiful. The head of his huge cock slides into her tiny body, her lovely pussy wrapping around the underside of his cock, sucking hard to pull it deep into her body. She rides him in reverse cowgirl, moaning and grunting, her tight pussy stuffed by her step daddy’s big cock. She knows her mom isn’t giving him any, she can’t understand why. That’s okay, more cock for her! The young naked girl stands towering over him, leaning over so she can continue sucking his cock, tasting her pussy on his boner. She squats back on top, making her juicy bubble ass bounce up and down his rod in cowgirl position. Her body is so tight, so lean, so young and perfect. He cradles her in his arms, her legs wrapped around his waist, hoisting her and fucking her in standing position. He places her on her back, spreading her legs and banging her in missionary position until he’s ready to cum, blowing his load all over her body. From now on, this sexy bitch calls her step daddy every time she’s going to take a hot bath! 