When this employee walks back to the office a few minutes before his coffee break is over he finds his hot boss Susy texting with some friend! This sexy babe hasn’t been fucked by a big dick in so long! She thinks she’s all alone, so she has her blouse half open, fondling her big tits over her sexy black lace bra! She’s getting so turned on by the convo, she wants to get off, so she makes her way to the restroom, but he beats her to the punch, sneaking to the side of the stall and punching a hole through it, into which he introduces his big fat cock so Susy can play with it, since he knows she hasn’t been fucked by a big dick in so long! When she opens the bathroom door the first thing she sees is his big long cock peeking through the improvised glory hole and, without thinking twice, she sits on the toilet, takes it in her hands and starts sucking and stroking it. It’s just what she needed! This meaty sausage is so fucking big, she can hardly fit it half way through as she attempts to deep throat it. She removes her thick glasses as she plays with it, licking and kissing the tip, tasting that delicious precum. She opens her blouse, popping her big tits over her bra. This is amazing she is so sexy! She is so excited by a big mystery dick that she titty-fucks it eagerly. She stands, turns and bends over, hiking up her skirt, revealing her beautiful long legs in stockings and a garter belt, pushing her wet pussy back against that gorgeous cock and stuffing herself with it. After getting fucked from behind she invites her mystery lover to join her inside the bathroom, happy to realize who he is. She gets naked and sits on the toilet, spreads her legs so he can fuck her pink twat in missionary position. With a dangerously sexy physique, bouncy big tits, and plump booty, no one stands a chance against this stacked seductress! Her body is sensational with perfect breasts, sexy ass, absolutely flat abdomen and tiny waist. She’s one of the most sensual models I’ve seen. Her big pussy lips are wrapping around his throbbing dick and taking it into her vagina with hunger. The hot naked babe wants to feel it all deep inside. After fucking her he gets on his knees so he can lick her gushing slit and nibbles on her meaty pink pussy lips and swollen clit. He keeps fucking her spread legged, kissing her pouty lips while she massages her cunt. He takes her place on the toilet seat and the naked babe gets on top of his cock, grabbing on to the bathroom stall while pushing her juicy bubble butt back up against his erection. The view of this sexy babe sliding up and down this 11 inch huge cock is something amazing. Damn she is so hot looks amazing taking that monster cock!   The naked girl keeps bouncing on his lap, taking this pole from the very tip all the way down to the base. She is gorgeous! She sits on his lap and he reaches over, groping those big tits and kneading them like pizza dough, massaging her nipples with his finger tips. He makes her stand and raise a leg so he can fuck her sideways while grabbing her by her sexy waist and hips. She loves feeling her employee’s big fat dick inside her cunt, pumping her so hard, it’s the biggest dick she has ever had inside her, she’s glad to have an employee who can go over the benchmarks. She is making him thrust harder, faster and deeper. He grabs her hair, her boobs, spanks her ass and plunges his cock in hard making her squeal. She wants to swallow all his hot cum when he cums in her mouth and all over her big tits! He’s probably getting a raise after helping his boss get so much pleasure from his big dick! Dont miss more scenes with this hot girl! Flexible, fierce, and fine as hell, this tattooed vixen knows her talents would be better served in Porn Valley! 