This sexy little slut from my school was hot, horny and ready for my monster cock! I knew it because all her friends that had already tried it told me so. That’s right, my monster cock brings the girls to the yard, LOL! I invited her over and she showed up wearing a sexy pink top and tight black leggings that highlighted the contours of her delicious bubble shaped ass and cameltoe. They used to make fun of her for being so small and petite, but that was okay, my huge cock was going to make it all better and her self-esteem was going to be soaring off the roof after having bragging rights from getting fucked by it! She couldn’t wait to see my dick. She got down on her knees and unleashed my throbbing member. My cock was huge compared to her face. The little slut began sucking and stroking, feeling how it got bigger and harder inside her wet mouth. She rubbed and massaged it with both hands, jerking it hard and cupping my balls in her hands while trying to deep throat it. She couldn’t even wrap her pretty lips around it without gagging. She could barely fit it halfway through before choking and gagging on it, but you can’t say she didn’t try! I rammed my rod down her throat, watching the drool drip from the side of her lips and down her chin, so fucking sexy and hot! She got fully naked. Her body was perfect, nice titties, sexy ass and below she had trimmed her bush to a neat triangle above her pussy. I sat down and she sat on my face, leaning over so she could continue sucking and stroking my cock. She tasted good and sweet, she was very, very wet and my tongue could hardly keep up with her juices in my mouth. She was hot, horny, and ready for her monster cock debut! She took my dick and rubbed her pussy lips with it for a while and then started rubbing her clit with it. I put this sexy little bitch in a full sex Nelson, stuffing her tight pussy with my man meat and pounding her hard. This was the moment she had been waiting for! Her stupid friends may have made fun of her for being petite, but she was the perfect size for the full sex Nelson, probably why they were so fucking jealous of her! I had her locked in it pretty good, pounding her dripping wet snatch and letting her ride on my cock in reverse cowgirl while I rubbed her cunt. She screamed and convulsed, jamming herself harder down onto me. Her legs began to shake. “Ooohhh! Ohhh myyy! Ohhhh,” she moaned uncontrollably. It was her first orgasm with me. I could feel her juices gushing out of her. She had never experienced anything like it. I began pounding her, ramming my cock in and out of her. She yelled as the second climax spiraled through her pussy and on through her entire body. Then I took her in my arms, while my cock was in her cunt, my hands grabbing her thighs and I began to pump in and out of her. She came very quickly. I was holding her tightly while she was cumming. When the spasms stopped she turned her body to me seductively, pushed me onto the sofa, took my dick in her hand and rubbed it over her pussy lips and then slammed herself down forcefully, driving my cock deep into her hot body. She was shaking her ass like crazy, nearly dancing on my lap, grinding her clitoris against my pelvis bone, bouncing up and down my nine-inch cock as my hips pumped relentlessly into her.   I changed her back to missionary position, spread eagled, pounding her tight young cunt while she looked into my eyes, letting me know how much she was enjoying this. She grabs her legs and kept them spread wide open, so my big dick could go as deep inside her as possible. I pin her shoulders to the rug and fucked her in the piledriver position, her legs spread wide open and dangling in the air while I stuffed her pussy with my power tool. She rubbed her cunt while I was banging her and I could tell she was cumming by the way her body squirmed and trembled as I continued to fuck her. She had to bit her lip to stop moaning aloud as her pussy got pounded hard. I kept plowing her in every single position we could come up with until I reached the point of no return, she opened up wide so I can shoot my creamy load into her mouth, splattering sticky jizz all over her slutty face! She began to swallow the sperm noisily, feeling the hot, thick liquid slide down her throat and fill her belly. The rest of cum, the white streams were flowing down her naked body. She fell down on the floor. She was completely out of energy.