Dude, you meet the craziest bitches online! I met this babe online, her hottest sexual fantasy was to fuck a complete stranger, she offered to meet at the park the next day! I didn’t believe she would go through with her offer, but I went to the park anyway, you know, just in case. To my surprise, there she was, sitting pretty on one of the park’s picnic benches waiting for her stranger to come along and fuck her! What an unbelievably sexy cutie she was !! She was a sexy blonde, wearing a white sweater and tight leggings. We were in a pretty quiet, isolated area of the park, so she had no trouble bending over and showing me her hot ass. The fabric of her leggings was so translucent I could see her butt straight through it. My cock was already bursting out of my pants, so I unbuckled and she took it in her hands with a dirty look on her face as she began sucking and stroking my sausage. She wasn’t lying about her fantasy of fucking a total stranger! After eating my dick she pulled her sweater over her beautiful tits, bending over the wooden picnic bench, down on her hands and knees as I ripped her leggings at the crotch, exposing that meaty ass and pink pussy burger. It was time for a picnic, baby! A sex picnic! I flipped her over, spreading her legs and ramming my hard cock deep inside her gushing cunt, penetrating and fucking her in missionary position. Next, I made her stand and bend over the picnic bench so I could fuck her from behind. I grabbed her by her ripped her leggings, slamming that sexy ass, making smacking noises against my crotch. She was an extremely horny nymphomaniac who has a perfect set of perky tits and a plump round ass to go along with her pretty face. I lied flat on my back and she straddled herself on top, letting my fat sausage sink into her tight cunt and riding me in cowgirl position. She pushed those big tits against my face so I could suck on her perky nipples while I was banging her. Then I made her sit on my dick again, her juicy bubble butt bouncing up and down as she took it all in, finally blasting my cum all over her face, her open mouth and those big tits. I’m no longer a stranger but we keep fucking in the park! 