This beautiful blonde cougar mom is talking in the kitchen with her best friend about all these changes she’s going through with age. She doesn’t like it, she’s not getting used to it and what’s making it so hard to adjust is the fact that she finds herself wanting more sex! This MILF really needs the real deal – a big dick to suck and fuck! Her friend’s son is listening to her from behind the kitchen wall and when he sits next to her on the kitchen counter she realizes he has listened to her and he has exactly what she needs between his legs, strong, hard cock! Since his mom can’t see them under the kitchen counter and has her back facing their way while she prepares lunch, the naughty cougar whips his big hard cock and gets on her knees, sucking and stroking it. This is what she longed for! That young dick tastes delicious; it’s so virile, hard and thick! She gobbles it up while his mom keeps talking, until she turns over and realizes her friend’s gone. Well, not really gone, she’s just blowing her son under the kitchen counter! The cougar stands, turns over, lifts her skirt, pulls her panties aside and bends over, so her best friend’s son can penetrate and fuck her tight pussy from behind. Sure, she loves sucking his dick, but she wants it inside her, fucking her brains out! He pops his cock inside that delicious cunt and the cougar pushes her sexy bubble butt against his cock. His mom’s phone rings, it’s an important call she needs to take, giving the cougar a chance to sneak out, with her son in tow, grabbed by his dick! They look for a quiet spot on the house where she can strip naked and he can pound her tight muff. The bathroom fits the bill, and he sits with her on his lap, her sexy body and her big tits bouncing up and down as she rides his throbbing erection. She has an amazing milf ass! Her riding is the hottest thing ever! When his mom comes upstairs looking for them, she finds her best friend getting fucked by her son in the bathroom! She doesn’t interrupt them, she’s actually happy her best friend is getting some cock and that her son is having sex with a woman she knows and trusts! Plus, she actually gets turned on watching her son and her friend fuck! Dont miss the full video!!! Brandi Love, she is simply the best, sexy and smokin’ hot as always. Love her work. Can’t wait to see her next scene on here. Although this woman is beginning to show her age, she still has that tight body, amazing pussy,…with bush, tease me/give it to me attitude and great verbal expression of her desires, pleasures, feelings, etc. 