Very beautiful girl-girl scene. Soulful and very sexy. This cute and very sexy blonde teen has been having a hard time at college and her grades are dropping, so she hires a tutor to help her out. She’s a beautiful brunette with thick black framed glasses and she has a wonderful way of explaining things to her. She never had so much fun studying and quickly bond with her tutor while talking about college, guys, love and, of course, sex. As it turns out, her tutor isn’t really interested in guys, it looks like she prefers girls and wants to know if her tutee likes them too. The girls are so natural together, and I like the slow build-up of sexual tension between them. When the girl affirms, her sexy tutor begins caressing her arm softly with her fingertips, tugging gently on her tank top while leaning over and kissing her on the lips. As her hands starts to probe under her top, she knows it is wrong yet somehow her pussy starts getting so unbelievably wet that she isnt gonna stop her. The babe is very hot and makes the perfect contrast to the young girl’s innocence. She knows that this babe wants her and still makes her wait until she is ready. I especially like a good seductive setup like this one in the beginning of the scene. It is so sexy the way that she finally takes her. The cute blonde kisses her back, feeling her hands all over her tits as she kisses, licks and sucks on her puffy nipples. Love to see two girls kissing. Her tutor slowly strips her naked on the bed, spreading her legs wide open while caressing her pussy with her fingers. The teen girl is so lovely, a little pink pussy, cute face, nice titties and pigtails, this is one of the best hairstyle for lesbian sex. She’s gorgeous and so sweet looking. She’s already soaking wet, she’s so excited by having her sexy lesbian tutor teaching her everything about being a dyke! She eats her out, parting her tender pink pussy lips with her slick tongue and pushing it deep inside her slit, exploring every nook and cranny. The first lesson is obviously oral sex, followed by tribbing. You can see in her face that no one has ever eaten her pussy so well. The naughty tutor rubs her wet cunt against her tutee’s, grinding their hips together. The tutor gets on top, straddling herself on the hot blonde, pushing her crotch against her pelvis, the friction of her pussy on hers makes her cum so hard. The tutor lies on her back and tells the beautiful blond to sit on top of her, pushing her pussy and ass against her face so she can eat her out while reaching over and playing with her delicious titties. When she starts drooling as she is sitting on her face, that is awesome! I love to watch the entire body react to cunnilingus: gasping, moaning, spasms and toe curling. The blonde enjoys getting her pussy licked and sucked by the tutor and wants to return the favor, making her lie back and spread her legs so she can practice every scene that she has taught her on her, eating her out and making her cum very hard. She’s so happy to have picked the right tutor for her, not only will she help her improve her college grades, she’s also definitely going to improve her sex life! I have seen a lot of lesbian porn in my life, but this is probably one of the best scenes I’ve ever watched. Amazingly hot girl-girl scene with great tension and anticipation. The girls have great chemistry and most importantly is the kissing and pussy eating are HOT! Don’t miss the full video! 