My girlfriend and I have been fantasizing with a three some for a long time, and since my girlfriend was still a little hesitant about it because she wanted to make sure she had all the information before making a decision, I hired this sexy brunette, a licensed sexual therapist, to teach her all about the joys of threesomes, and my girl totally went for it! The brunette, wearing a sexy red dress, got things started with my girlfriend, kissing and caressing her, slowly taking of her dress and letting her play with her delicious tits. That brunette was sent from the heavens. wow! It was such a turn on watching my girl sucking on her nipples and burying her face between her tits. I mean, my girl is open minded, but shy, though it was a turn on watching her get out of her shell and explore her sexuality with another woman. The girls stripped down to their panties and jumped into bed, down on all fours, side by side, twerking their juicy butts while I watched them. They were still making out and my girl couldn’t take her hands off the sexy brunette, but my cock was already bursting and needed some attention too. The naked girls started sucking and stroking it together, licking my balls and drooling all over my member. The brunette got on her back, spreading her legs wide open and holding them apart at the ankles as I penetrated her dripping wet pussy and began fucking her in missionary position, with my girlfriend sitting on her face and getting her pussy eaten out. She rubbed the brunette’s twat as I fucked her, I was glad to see her so turned on by me banging another woman! She caressed the brunette’s body, fondling her tits and licking her nipples, grabbing my hard cock and sucking it so she could taste her pussy on it. I lied on my back and my girlfriend straddled herself on top, riding my dick while the brunette stimulated her clit with her fingers. I put the brunette on her hands and knees with my girlfriend on top and fuck both girls doggie style from behind. The girls took a good cum shower at the end. After blowing my load all over them my girlfriend was so satisfied, now we booked weekly sessions with this sexy brunette and have amazing threesomes! 