Imagine my surprise when I walked into my bedroom and found my girlfriend, a sexy skinny redhead, making out with her best friend, a voluptuous brunette with a curvy body and big tits, who was already half naked when I came through the door. I was quite in shock, but my girlfriend remained chill as she told me to sit on the bed and explained what was going on. Appearances can be deceiving. You would think a bombshell like her best friend could get all the dick she wanted, but she actually wished she was as sexually experienced as my girlfriend was. Now I understood! My girlfriend was just trying to help her out, coaching her and giving her some tips. Now that everything was clear, my girlfriend had another idea, after all, her best friend had to practice all of this on the guy, and hey, I’m the guy! My girl is a generous friend, so she show her busty bestie exactly how to use that pussy. This was almost too good to be true! I lied in bed with my legs spread and my girlfriend holding my throbbing erection as her best friend strip down to her panties. Man, just the view of those big tits made me so fucking hard! I realized I was in bed with two naked girls! It’s every guy fantasy to have a threesome with two girls. My naked girlfriend started licking my dick and sucking it while her naked friend watched and I had a smile on my face 3 miles wide! Her friend took over, firmly holding my cock in her hands while blowing me, then she straddled herself on top, sitting on my cock and riding me in reverse cowgirl. I was banging my girlfriend’s hot friend right in front of her, so fucking hot! While she rode me and rubbed her muff, my girlfriend to cover clothes, she was wearing sexy red lingerie underneath and she looked so hot. She caressed our bodies while we were fucking, then took her best friend’s place, straddling herself on my lap and riding my hard sausage while she watched us and learned some more. One by one, the girls took turns riding my cock. While I grabbed my girl’s juicy ass and made her bounce on my dick, her friend licked and sucked my cock and balls, licking my girlfriends tits and nipples as I fucked her in missionary, blowing my hot and creamy load all over their faces and her best friend’s big tits! Once I finished cumming the naked girls took turns sucking my cock dry. Since she still needs more practice now we fuck together every chance we get! 