It’s St. Patrick’s Day and the girls down the hall gather up the boys and girls into their dorm room for some hot fun! Everybody is wearing something green, green socks, green panties, green lingerie, and the half naked girls are looking so hot and sexy, turning the crowd on by having hot lesbian sex, making out, masturbating each other, rubbing and fingering their gushing slits. I’m getting so turned on watching these naughty girls playing together and they can’t wait to join them in their sensual games. This sexy naked brunette gets down on her hands and knees in bed with her legs spread wide open, getting her muff licked by her friends and after a couple of minutes she invites me over. Finally! She grabs my throbbing cock and begins sucking and stroking it while playing with my balls. It’s so hot getting a blowjob in the middle of a dorm room party, with all these hot and sexy naked girls watching me. Good thing I don’t have performance anxiety or stage fright, LOL! The sexy bitch is drooling all over my dick and spreading it with her hands as she rubs my sausage. While her friends are eating each other out she asks me to lie flat on my back, straddling herself on my lap, her delicious bubble butt facing my way as she squats on my hard cock and begins riding me in reverse cowgirl position. She grabs my thick member, slapping it against her slit and pushing it back inside with a big smile on her face. I’m glad she’s enjoying the ride as much as I am! Her friends keep eating pussy as I put her on her back, spreading her legs wide open, pumping her in missionary position. The girls in the other bed are fingering each other as my lover rests her head on a sexy friend’s lap and continues taking my sausage deep inside hr gushing snatch. The girls are getting into a 69, eagerly eating each other out while watching us fucking. It’s like we are feeding off on each other! The sexy brunette bounces on my cock with her friends watching real close. All of them are college sluts who absolutely love to fuck. It’s not long before these college sluts show off their cock riding skill too! These naked girls are crazy for cock! After all, I know that the spirited tradition of the holiday is to make sure everyone–guys and girls–gets lucky! Finally I pull out of some tight cunt and blast lots of hot and milky cum into their open mouths! This St. Paddy’s party is rocking! 