This guy’s doing what he loves the most, munching on his sexy blonde girlfriend’s big tits and puffy nipples. He likes having her on top of him while playing with her boobs and she slides down his body, pulling down on his pants and briefs, grabbing his big throbbing cock, sucking and stroking it hard. She swallows his dick all the way down to his balls while looking him straight in the eye, she adores deepthroating his meaty sausage. While they frolic, his girlfriend’s sister likes to spy on them, watching them through their bedroom door. She sees her sister’s boyfriend fucking her big tits with his big delicious cock and fantasizes, imagining that she’s the one who gets to enjoy such a big and tasty piece of cock. Her sister’s phone rings, it’s her best friend, and no matter how hard he tries to continue with their foreplay, she cuts him off and sends him away. Looks like best friend trumps boyfriend tonight! He storms out, frustrated, but his girlfriend’s sister is right there, so casually, and invites him over to her bedroom. Once there, she gets on her knees, whips out his big cock and finishes what her sister started! When his girlfriend finally comes looking for him, he hides behind her sister’s bedroom door. That was close! He tells his girlfriend’s sister to wait for him a few minutes and heads straight to his girlfriend’s bedroom. She’s lying on the bed, waiting for him. He strips her naked, spreads her legs and eats her out. He lies on his back and the sexy naked babe straddles herself on top, riding his hard cock in reverse cowgirl. While he’s fucking her, he’s thinking about her sister. He fucking her in missionary position when she shows up at the door. Good thing his girlfriend can’t see her! She strips naked and teases him while he’s fucking her sister, these beautiful natural tits and pretty pussy, then she leaves. He fucks his girlfriend faster and doesn’t even finish the job when he goes rushing back to her sister’s bedroom! What a strange, wonderful, and creative scene. I’ve never before seen a vignette where the guy stops fucking one gal, literally mid-thrust, so that he can go fuck another one. What’s the female equivalent of “blueballs” (maybe “wet-and-wanting”)? The horny sister is waiting for him naked on her bed and he puts her in the same position as her sister and fucks her dripping wet pussy. She straddles herself on top so she can ride on his big hard cock and get him to blow his load all over her! Don’t forget to download the full scene with a catfight at the end.  