This guy fucks his hot teacher after discovering she’s a retired porn star! Jessie hates classes, but ever since this new hot blonde teacher came along, he doesn’t miss a single one. Trying to find out more about her, an Internet search leads him to discovering that she’s a retired porn star! She can’t believe it, when he actually finds some of her old videos on his smart phone and shows them to the rest of the class! The ex pornstar makes the guys wait outside while she has some words with Jessie. Ms. Rhodes has no choice but to clear the room and have a private chat with Jessie, who finally gets what he’s always wanted: to fuck a pornstar! Pretty soon he finds himself with his face buried in his teacher’s bosom, suckling on her puffy nipples, squeezing and fondling her big juicy tits. Looks like getting outed as a porn star made her remember her glory days. The rest of the class can hardly believe what they’re watching from the classroom door, as the new teacher gets down on her knees, wrapping her big tits around Jessie’s throbbing erection and giving him a tit job! This woman is gorgeous! I would be permanently in detention! The naughty porn star teacher begins sucking and stroking his meaty sausage, telling Jessie to fuck her tits. She strips totally naked except for her sexy skin toned lace stockings while Jessie lied flat on his back on her desk. She squats on top of him, letting his big dick sink into her dripping wet cunt and riding him in reverse cowgirl, making those big tits bounce up and down just like in her old porn movies! Being back in the saddle feels fucking awesome! She rubs her muff while riding his cock, moaning and grunting, screaming at the top of her lungs while squatting over his big erection, taking it all in as the pro she used to be and still is. After climaxing on his cock, she sucks it so she can taste her pussy on it and straddles herself back on top, this time in classical cowgirl position, pushing her juicy bubble butt up and down his lap. Gorgeous woman and love those stockings. She spreads her legs wide open so her student can eat her out, spreading her pussy lips with his tongue and lapping up her slit. He fucks her in missionary position on top of her desk, simultaneously finger fucking her tight snatch, finally pulling out and blasting hot cum all over the teacher’s face and tits! School is so much better when your teacher is a retired porn star! 