Looks like my beautiful girlfriend got tired of putting up with me and my lazy ways, letting me know that she wanted me to clean up my act, and that she was tired of my lazy ass, telling me to get a job and be a man or else. She told me she wanted to see me make some money and that it was actually sad that my girlfriend was making more money than me! Yeah, I know it sounds hurtful and mean, by my girlfriend was just being real. I had been slacking far too long and it was time to start making changes in my life if I wanted to keep her in it. She took me to her dad’s study for a mock job interview. She works in human resources so who better to coach me, right? Believe me, I was really trying to do my best, but when my girlfriend gets so strict and bossy, it really turns me on. She looked so sexy leaning against her daddy’s desk, and her tight outfit, she was making my cock as hard as a rock! Hey, it’s hard to concentrate when all your blood’s rushing to your cock instead of your brain! My girlfriend realized I needed the right motivation, and she started teasing and flirting with me as she fired questions my way and even I was amazed by the way I was handling them. I actually sounded like I knew what I was talking about, LOL! Since I had made a real effort, my girlfriend considered I deserved a reward. She got down on her knees, releasing my raging erection from under my slacks, sucking and stroking it. I love it when she blows my dick this way, choking and gagging on it as she pushes it down her throat, building up loads of saliva and gargling it, so fucking hot and nasty! She is a sex goddess! My babe took of her skirt and panties, bending over her daddy’s desk as I spanked her juicy bubble butt, fingering her dripping wet slit and stretching it apart as I rammed my big thick sausage inside her gushing pussy, pounding her hard from behind. I flipped her over like a flapjack, spread her legs wide open and trusted my dick back inside her, slamming her in missionary position. She rubbed her pussy as I was fucking her, straddled on top of me and squirting pussy juices all over the mahogany surface of her daddy’s executive desk! If he only knew! She rode me in cowgirl and reverse, making her juicy bubble butt bounce up and down my lap while my cock made her squirt over and over. I put her back on her knees, making her open her mouth wide as I jerked my cock and started blasting thick strands of hot and sticky cum into her mouth and all over her slutty face, that’s the motivation I needed!   I Know That Girl brings you the sexiest girlfriends, real teen girls getting captured on tape as they strip naked, masturbate, suck hard cock, get their dripping wet pussies pounded hard and receive creamy facials and cumshots in the best cheating, sneaky and risky, amazing POV amateur porn! Now their sex videos are online and these babes are exposed as the dirty cock loving sluts they are! Come inside, you just might find a girl you know! Maybe she’s somebody you work with, that sexy girl from college, the hot girl behind the bar, or maybe even one of your ex-girlfriends!