A threesome with a milf and teen, every man’s dream! This nerd has gone over to study with his college buddy and her stepmom receives him at the door. She’s a beautiful blonde cougar wearing a sexy black lace sleeping robe with sexy lingerie underneath. He can’t help noticing her smoking hot body and plunging cleavage as she shows him to her stepdaughter’s bedroom. She’s a sexy blonde teen with flowing golden hair, thick glasses and a geeky, yet sexy, look. Fortunately, she’s the kind of hot girl that values brains over looks, and she’s into her nerd classmate. So much so, that she wants to try something new with him today! She wants to have sex! She pulls down his pants and boxers, taking his cock in her hands, rubbing it against her face while sucking and stroking it. Her stepmom checks in on them, to see if they need any snacks or refreshments, but it looks like her stepdaughter already has her mouth full! She’s okay with them fucking, but she feels, since this is their first time, that they need some pointers from an expert. These teens have a lot left to learn so she quickly busts into the bedroom ready to teach them a lesson in fucking! She joins them in bed, teaching her stepdaughter how to deep throat a dick, swallowing her classmate’s sausage all the way down to the balls. While doing so, the teen takes note on her pad, once a geek, always a geek! It’s her turn now, and her stepmom holds his hard cock at the base while her stepdaughter swallows it whole. She removes her robe, showing her sexy body in black lingerie, garter and stockings while making out with her stepdaughter, kissing her lips and straddling herself on her classmate’s hard cock, riding him in reverse cowgirl. She’s surprised with how big his cock is for a geek. Her stepdaughter continues taking notes while she’s riding that dick and rubs her stepmom’s twat. She instructs her to remove her panties and sit on her study buddy’s face so he can eat her muff out, then pushes his hard cock inside her tight pussy so her lovely stepdaughter can finally have her cherry popped! She loves watching two naughty teens losing their virginity together with her. The MILF makes sure that her step daughter uses all the slutty techniques that she taught her. While she’s riding that cock, she’s licking her pussy and her asshole! Pretty soon her stepdaughter and straddling that dick like a proficient cowgirl, looks like all that note taking wasn’t in vain. The sexy blonde stepmom lies on her back and makes the geek sit on her belly, massaging his hard sausage between her big tits while her stepdaughter leans over her and sucks it hard. He starts fucking her in missionary position with her stepdaughter sitting on her face and making out with her class mate. They learn so fast! Her stepdaughter and her geeky friend already look like porn stars in bed with her, she’s so proud! Two naked girls take turns riding his cock and his face, getting their pussies fucked hard and fast. After blowing his creamy load all over their faces and tits the hot stepmom decides to join them every time they study together!   Fuckin Cory Chase, that’s wifey material!! I’d let her fuck other guys for money too like her hubby does. Like a goddess, beautiful woman, it’s like you are memorized by her beauty when watching her in action! It’s every guys fantasy, getting to fuck your girlfriend and her smoking hot mature mom in a steamy threesome and it happens right here! MomsBangTeens is a place of wisdom and experience, after all, these sexy mature mothers have learned a lot from years of fucking and now they want to share their sexual wisdom with their sexy teen stepdaughters and their hot boyfriends!