Watch young girls try new things sexually for the very first time! Kenzie is a sexy 22 year old blonde, and she’s my stepsister. When she discovered that I work in porn she was so excited, confessing that starring in a porno is one of her deepest and dirtiest fantasies! She’s pretty hot, free spirited and open-minded about sex, so I invited her to the studio for a casting. She came in a sexy dress, and I thought she would be shy and inhibited, but I was totally wrong! She was so eager to get naked in front of the camera, spreading her legs wide open and telling me that another one of her fantasies involved getting her pussy eaten out… by her stepbrother! Damn! Now that’s hot! The camera was rolling so I buried my face between her legs, spreading her tender pink pussy lips with my tongue and eating her out! I played with her tiny titties while licking her slit, stimulating her clit with the tip of my tongue, feeling her naked body squirming in response and her pussy gushing sweet and delicious juices into my mouth. I got up and she unzipped my jeans, pulling them down along with my boxers, smiling, her face lighting up as she took her first look at my cock. She took it in her hands and popped it in her mouth, sucking and stroking it, gently cupping my balls in her hands. She licked my dick starting from my balls and moving up to the tip while looking at me, so fucking sexy. I put her on her back and spread her legs wide open, ramming my throbbing erection deep inside her tight cunt and fucking her hard in missionary position. She moaned and grunted, letting me know how much she was enjoying doing porn for the very first time in her life in front of the camera and having her very own stepbrother be the guy fucking her. She rubbed her pussy while getting nailed and told me to finger her while banging her. I had no idea my stepsister was such a slut in bed! Still impaled on my cock, she flipped over, down on her hands and knees, jutting her juicy butt up and spreading her ass cheeks with her hands so I could pound her hard from behind! This way, she had her face buried in the sheets and I had a beautiful view of her tender little asshole fully exposed! I lied on my back and let her ride on my cock in reverse cowgirl position, holding her by her hips and pushing her body up and down, placing her sideways and fucking her from behind, rubbing her pussy, making her cum over and over. My stepsister was made for porn and she told me she wanted to do more as long as I agreed to be her costar and keep fucking her brains out on camera! Another Porn Goddess is born! I know every horny guy would love to see my petite step sister fucked in every conceivable position, cum drenched, cream filled and tag teamed! When you see this tiny babe getting down and dirty on-screen, you’ll know she’s a newcomer to keep an eye on. 