I share my apartment with a sexy blonde roommate and every time she takes a bath, I spy on her, watching her masturbating herself while caressing her soaped up naked body and beautiful tits with nipple piercings in the tub. Unfortunately, my knee jerked and I kicked the door loud enough for her to see me spying on her with my big dick in my hands. I thought she was going to be super pissed off, but I guess she just couldn’t be angry at me watching her masturbate, because my dick was so big! Instead of kicking me out of the bathroom, she signaled me to come closer and join her! She took my throbbing member in her soapy hands, stroking it gently and popping it in her wet mouth, giving me a hot blowjob. “You like being a fucking creep, right?” she asked while sucking and stroking my beefy sausage with a dirty look on her face. She lied on her back on the edge of the tub, spreading her legs wide open, begging me to jam my thick cock inside her tight pink cunt. I fucked her in missionary position, watching her holding on tight to the tub while rubbing her clit. I held her neck and played with her pussy while pumping her with my dick meat. Getting to fuck my sexy roommate was much hotter than watching her masturbating herself. I groped her tits, playing with the piercings on her perky nipples, making her squirm as I stimulated her. I lied on my back and she squatted on top of me, her beautiful bubble shaped ass facing me as she began riding my cock in reverse cowgirl position. Her juicy butt looked like a fucking elevator going up and down, up and down! She even twerked it while straddled on top, like some sort of kinky urban cowgirl! Still sitting on my dick, she flipped over, facing my way as she continued riding me in classical cowgirl position. I loved watching her playing with her pussy, masturbating herself while getting pounded hard by my big sausage, letting me know how much she enjoyed finally feeling it buried deep inside her, fucking her so good. As it turns out, she had been fantasizing with me fucking her ever since she moved in a couple of months ago. No wonder I was able to watch her masturbating every time she took a bath, it’s not like she just accidentally left the door open, she was doing it on purpose waiting for the right time when I would finally expose myself and they she would be able to make her own dirty little fantasies cum true. I pulled out of her dripping wet cunt and blew my load, blasting hot and sticky cum all over her face and sexy body. Now I get to see her every time she masturbates, and fuck her too! 