This teen girl needs a better grade in her class so she heads to her professor’s house in hopes that she can speak with her about improving her grade. Her professor is a beautiful blonde cougar with big tits, she receives her at the door in a sexy red dress. At first, she doesn’t seem convinced by her student’s arguments but nevertheless she invites her in when she mentions her willingness to do anything for extra credit, so they can further talk about it. Once inside, her teacher tells her to undress. The young girl finds this inappropriate, but hey, she’s the one who just said she would do anything for extra credit, so she agrees. Once she’s totally naked, her professor checks her out while getting naked herself. The girl has a shapely ass and perfect boobs! Be nude in front of her and watching her hot naked body and big tits is making her nipples get hard and her pussy very wet! She finds herself on her knees, eating her professor out! She grabs her hair and pushes her face into her cunt, making her suck her clit and lick her slit. The naked woman moans as she gets a top class labia licking from her student. The student finds herself enjoying this much more than she anticipated and as her sexy professor sits on her face, her stepson walks into the house, surprised to find his naked stepmom sitting on one of her student’s faces! Two naked women licking a pussy, what a show! After getting off, the professor sends the teen girl away. She returns the next day, this time wearing a sexy tank top and skimpy shorts. Her professor presents her to her stepson, immediately ordering him to take off his pants and her to get on her knees so she can suck and stroke his cock! She instructs her to deepthroat his cock and lick his balls too. Her lucky step son is ready to cum when the naked girl moves her mouth up and down his shaft. He cums in her mouth and it’s literally full mouth of cum! She never has so much cum in her mouth she just can’t hold it all in. The teens all look completely satisfied. He leaves his cum dripping down her lips and chin. The next day, she’s back for more! Her professor is not around, but that’s okay, she wants her stepson’s hard cock pounding her dripping wet pussy from behind on the couch! She gets on the couch with her knees on the edge of the couch, her sexy ass facing the guy. The little slut pulls down her pants and spreads her ass cheeks, inviting him to her wet cunt! He comes closer and and forces his cock deep inside her cunt, nearly lifting her off the couch with the thrust and begins pounding her hard and fast. His stepmom comes back from classes right when the kids are fucking and strips naked too, joining them for a hot stepmom on stepson on student three some! Dont miss this epic 3-way! The best squirting MILF-teen orgy ever! The naked student straddles herself on her stepson’s cock and rides it. His hard dick is going in and out of her wet cunt so hard and fast that she can’t help but cry out from powerful orgasms. The cougar watches them, rubbing and fingering her dripping wet pussy, she gets so turned on playing voyeur with her students and her stepson!   The MILF wants his dick too! She makes her get on her hands and knees while she sits on his cock in reverse cowgirl position, her big tits bouncing up and down while riding her stepson’s hard cock and getting her pussy licked and sucked by her naughty student. She didn’t even have to come today! She likes it when they show motivation and take initiative. Soon her stepson’s cock inside her makes her cum, gushing from her pussy as she squirts all over her student’s slutty face and leaves her soaked in her pussy juices! She squirts so much cum in her face that there is a puddle of pussy juice under them. What impressive squirting orgasm talents! This crazy MILF has multiple squirting orgasms. Pussies are sucked, asses are smacked, and she squirts shot after shot through the air out of her pussy on to the girl’s face. He cums all over their big tits and she decides her student earned her extra credits, that doesn’t mean she can’t keep visiting them for more sex! Every scene is a trilogy of mature mommys trying to mate with their daughters much younger counterparts, not stopping until their every urge is satisfied. Get your big boy pants on and let these yummy mummys take you for a ride. Only at BADMILFS!