This sexy girl is hanging out with her two best friends when her loser stepbrother invites himself to join them on the living room couch. He’s one of those guys that doesn’t quite understand when he’s not wanted, he thinks the girls find him attractive when they actually think his a big fucking loser. He awkwardly hits on his stepsister’s friends until she tells on him to their stepmom. She’s a hot brunette cougar with a smoking hot body. She takes her stepson by the hand to the kitchen and sits down to have a stepmom to stepson conversation. She understands he has no experience whatsoever with girls and if somebody doesn’t teach them soon, he’s going to grow into a full-blown fucking loser! Being her step mom, she can teach him this sort of things, starting with kissing. It’s actually kind of hot, and she follows by popping her big tits over her top, placing his hands over them so he can learn how to apply proper pressure while massaging them and sucking and licking her perky nipples. She can see the throbbing bulge between his legs, so she invites him to take off his pants and boxers so she can take care of that delicious erection, sucking and stroking it. She drools all over her stepson’s cock, it’s huge, big, thick and veiny, just the way she loves them. What he lacks in experience he more than makes up in endowment. She strips naked, spreading her legs on the kitchen counter and teaching him how to eat her out. She makes him lick her big fucking tits some more and kisses him on the lips while he gropes and fondles them. Then he rams his big hard cock deep inside her tight pussy, fucking his stepmom in missionary position over the kitchen counter. Oh yes, she’s going to make him a man alright! He stands, leaning against the kitchen counter while she places one leg over it, pushing his hard cock inside her. He straddles her other leg over the counter and bangs her hard. Then he sits on the floor, jerking his cock while eating her pussy and ass until she straddles herself atop and rides his dick. Her daughter and her friends walk into the kitchen right when he’s cumming all over her big tits! Isis is looking super hot, another of the great milfs around these days. One of the best sex education themed scenes I’ve ever seen – both are really into it, good solid fucking, best tits and legs, titty creampie! 