My girlfriend always wanted me to take her out on my boat and for our anniversary I invited her on a romantic and intimate boat ride. She showed up in a sexy pink tank top and skimpy denim shorts, she looked so fucking hot and sexy! I helped her into the boat and we set sail. She slipped into her pink bikini so she could soak up the sun. As I watched her moving around the deck, I couldn’t help admiring her beautiful bubble butt and sexy body. Yeah, this was a romantic trip, but my dick was getting as hard as a rock, man! I think she was in a flirty mood as well, we hadn’t even left the dock and she was already flashing me her beautiful titties and her nipples were all puffy and erect! I took her breasts to my lips and started sucking on her nipples and I could feel her hands rubbing my bulge over my shorts. We kissed and I pulled her tits over her bikini top, tugging on her nipples as she got on her hands and knees, whipping out my throbbing erection, sucking and stroking my cock and licking my balls. After giving me head she took off her bikini bottom, leaning over the deck of the boat, enticing me with her juicy bubble butt. My naked girlfriend pushed it back against my cock, I could feel it sinking inch by inch into her dripping wet cunt as she grind it her ass against my dick, looking over her shoulder with a dirty look on her slutty face. Yeah, my girl didn’t want romance; she wanted me to fuck her brains out! She spread her ass cheeks wide open with her hands, making her butt bounce against my crotch over and over, glistening with sweat. I lied flat on my back on the deck and let her straddle herself on top, pushing my cock inside her cunt, moaning and grunting as she rode my erection. She sounds so fucking sexy when she’s kind of screaming and squealing at the same time while stuffed on my dick. My naked girlfriend played with her pussy while riding me in cowgirl position and stopped so she could suck and stroke my cock some more, tasting her pussy on me. She got on her hands and knees, touching herself before sitting back on top of my cock for some more riding and butt bouncing fun! She played with her pussy for me, fingering and rubbing herself, then gave me some more head. I made her lie flat on her back, spreading her legs wide open, pushing my fat cock back inside her tight cunt and pounding her on the deck in missionary position until I was ready to blow my load, blasting hot and sticky cum all over her sexy sweat drenched body. This was a boat ride we would long remember! 