My girlfriend is a beautiful blonde and I love her very much. She’s very brave, always challenging herself and I was amazed when I saw her facing one of her biggest fears, heights, as she climbed up the ladder to change a lightbulb in our living room. She was wearing a sexy tank top and a pink skirt and as she climbed up the stairs I could see her panties under her skirt and just couldn’t avoid touching her sexy pink cotton panties. She was pissed at first, worried she might fall off the ladder, but I knew that this was actually distracting her from her fear and by the time I was pulling her thong to the side, not only had she reached the top of the ladder, her pussy was also dripping wet. Now that she had conquered one of her fears, maybe it was time for her to conquer another one in the bucket list, letting me stretch her tight asshole out with my big cock! I knew she was ready, and I knew that she knew that she was ready. Since she was already bent over the ladder, I spread her ass cheeks with my hands and began licking the crack of her ass, rimming her tender little asshole and making her squirm. After getting off the ladder, she got on her knees and began playing with my cock, sucking and stroking it, admiring how big and hard it already was. “Where you hard the whole time I was climbing the ladder?” She was delighted with this, and after lubing my cock with plenty of her drool, she leaned over the ladder and I started fucking her dripping wet pussy from behind. As I banged her, I pushed one of my fingers into her asshole, stretching it out and introducing it inch by inch. I sat on the couch and straddles her on top, impaling her asshole on my huge cock in reverse cowgirl position, making her squirm as she conquered get another fear. Just as with the ladder, I knew that after getting her ass on my cock, there was nothing getting her down from it, LOL! After fucking her asshole and cumming all over her the only way she’s having sex is if I give her anal on the ladder! 