These young teen sluts were looking for sugar daddies on an online dating service and each of them found the perfect match, so the girls could not be any happier! They are scheming to be the hot fuck toy of wealthier older men. They love the fact that their sugar daddies are so similar, both divorced, with single daughters and when they show each other their matches they realize that they are dating each other’s dads! At first the girls are shocked, but then conspire to trap each other’s dad into being their sugar daddies while also throwing in a bonus orgy. So they arrange to meet. These dad’s know each other and each knows they are dating the other’s daughter, they just don’t know they are both doing it! They are pretty surprised when the cat is out of the box! It’s okay, the girls don’t mind sharing their daddies, so they shouldn’t mind sharing their daughters either! The teen sluts whip out their respective sugar daddy’s cocks out on the couch and begin sucking and stroking them side by side. The dads decide to just kick back and enjoy, at least now they know who their daughter is dating, right? LOL! They are old perverts who dream of banging young pussy however they can get it. They all get naked and the naked girls straddled themselves on top of their sugar daddies, pushing their hard cocks inside her tight pussies and riding them in reverse cowgirl foursome. In exchange for their pussies, their dads will buy them lots of shit. The teens rub their dripping wet cunts and grind on their crotches, checking each other out while getting fucked. The daddies put their naked daughters down on their hands and knees so they can penetrate and fuck them doggy style from behind. The girls are facing each other while getting plowed, and so are the guys, it’s kind of surreal, but it’s also very hot at the same time. This teen slut likes getting her hair pulled and her ass slapped by her friend’s dad, and her friend likes wiggling her juicy bubble ass while taking it from behind by her daddy. They put the girls on their backs, spreading her legs wide open, watching them rubbing their pussies while they fuck them in missionary position. They can fuck each other’s daughter in front of each other, which ads to the thrill. One of the girls is surprised to discover that her friend is a squirter, gushing from her pussy as she cums from her dad’s dick pounding her so hard and her dad is as surprised as her! I guess their daddies are discovering a whole lot of new stuff about their daughters that they didn’t know before, you can call this some kind of a bonding experience.   These two young naked girls don’t even want to leave the living room, they enjoy being fucked together and being able to watch each other and their respective daddies while they all make love together! Both girls are giving head together and get fucked all over the couches. After fucking their swapped daughters in many different positions the sugar daddies are finally ready to blow their loads, blasting lots of hot and sticky cum all over their daughters’ beautiful faces, open mouths and hot naked bodies! Then the two horny naked girls kiss to make an oral dad jizz milkshake. Whoever thought that an online sugar daddy dating site would let these lucky guys participate in a hot daughter swap!