You know that people love people for different reasons and every time my girlfriend and I are together with friends and I get asked why I love her so much, I make up some corny reasons why. It’s not like I can just tell them the real reasons, you see, this is why I love my girlfriend, because she is so sexy and hot and fucks like a porn star! I find her in the shower, totally naked and pressing her big tits and juicy bubble butt against the shower panel, just teasing me silly with her rocking body while dancing. She spreads her ass cheeks with her hands so I can take a good look at the delicious crack of her ass, her tender little asshole and her divine pink pussy burger. She wiggles and shakes her backside, my baby’s got booty and she knows it. She shakes her big tits as I pour soapy lotion all over them, lathering up her hot body, tits and ass. We get out of the shower and go to the bedroom, my naked babe gets on her knees, her mouth opens and she takes me in, starts sucking and stroking my throbbing erection. I hold her head still so I can fuck her mouth, ramming my sausage down her throat and she looks into my eyes letting me know how bad she wants it. She gobbles up my dick meat like it’s her favorite treat, then she lies flat on her back by the edge of the bed, spreading her legs wide open so I can ram my hard cock deep inside her tight pussy, fucking her in missionary position while she rubs her muff and they keep her legs spread by her ankles. I have both of my hands firmly around her hips and I am starting to speed up my thrusts. My hot girlfriend starting getting more vocal first by moaning louder and louder then following that by almost screaming instructions of “fuck me harder! harder!” I get on my back and she straddled herself on top, riding my cock in reverse cowgirl, her beautiful bubble butt bouncing up and down my lap as she looks over her shoulders to make sure I enjoy this as much as she does. I grab that beautiful ass in my hands, fondling, massaging and squeezing it. It’s like playing with a big rubber ball. I love having her in this position because she controls the thrusting, picking up speed and tempo as she gets more and more turned on by my big juicy cock stuffed inside her snatch. She flips over, facing me in cowgirl position. I admire her big beautiful tits, I admire her beautiful slutty face, I admire her beautiful naked body, I admire the way she fucks my cock like a nasty porn star!   Imagine you are on your back. Towering over you, on you, is the sexiest sight in the world. A passionate woman in love. Your woman, in love with you. You look at her beautiful naked body, her pussy and her gorgeous swollen tits. Your hands rub her soft, smooth, sensuous body. She plants sweet kisses all over your body, telling you how she loves you more than anything. She screams at the top of her lungs, letting me know how much she likes having me inside her, how bad she wants me to make her cum. She’s ready for my jizz, as my hard cock sprays lots of hot and sticky cum all over her sexy face and her big tits and she licks it all up!