This sexy girl is so turned on by some porn she saw on her tablet that she starts masturbating herself in bed, pulling her panties down her ankles, rubbing and fingering her tight snatch. She’s just about to cum when she looks at the door and finds her stepfather spying on her while jerking his big, hard cock! He goes to the bathroom to throw some cold water on his face, but when he turns around, he finds his naughty stepdaughter, who got quite turned on by discovering that her step daddy likes to jerk off while watching her masturbating. She gets down on her knees so she can give him a hand with his blue balls, sucking and stroking his delicious cock. She deep throats his member, choking and gagging as she tries to hold it all in, kissing her lips so he can taste his cock on them. They swap tongue and drool drips down her chin as she continues giving her step daddy some wicked head. He holds her head still and fucks her mouth, putting her over the bathroom counter, spreading her legs wide open and pounding her pussy in missionary position. He rubs his Dick between her pussy lips and against her clit, pushing it deep inside her and she salivates all over his hard cock, lubing it up as he pounds her hard. He lies flat on his back inside the bathtub and she straddles herself on top, riding on his sausage while he fingers and rubs her cunt. Experience in an intense orgasm she starts gushing from her pussy, squirting all over her step daddy! She continues squirting as he rubs her muff, she’s going to fill that tub with her squirt juice! He gets on the edge of the tub and she climbs on top, continues to ride him while kissing him on the lips. It’s a good thing her stepsister is not around so she can have all the nasty fun she wants with her dad! She begs him to keep fucking her dripping wet pussy and then gets back on her knees, sucking and stroking his hard cock and her sister walks in on them, totally shocked to find her stepsister sucking all that hot and sticky cum out of her father’s cock! Looks like they have some fun when she’s not around! 