This horny redhead college hottie with the really cute pussy ears head band is trying really hard to focus on her college studies, but she needs to fuck so bad it’s really hard for her to concentrate, especially with her study mate, he’s so fucking hot and sexy and she bets he has a huge dick! She keeps coming on to him, but he seems to be ignoring her advances. She excuses herself and goes to her bedroom, where she gets half naked and starts taking selfies of her tits and pussy. After a while, her study mate starts wondering what she’s doing and goes to check on her, finding her half naked and snapping pictures of her beautiful anatomy. What a great hot young lady! She explains how fucking horny she is, and she’s not going to be able to focus on anything else until she gets off. If that’s what it’ll take to get her head back in the game, he decides to help her out. His cock is as big and as hard as she imagined, pops it in her mouth, sucking and stroking it. Finally, some dick! He makes sure she also licks his balls like a good pussy cat and straddles her on his lap, driving his huge cock deep inside her tight cunt, making her gush as he slams her hard in reverse cowgirl position. He keeps her legs spread wide open with his hands while pushing her body up and down his shaft, holding her by her juicy butt cheeks. After bouncing on his cock for a while, he cradles the young naked girl in his arms, her legs wrapped around his waist, fucking her in standing position. Then he puts the tiny girl on her back, banging her in missionary, holding her by the neck, watching her sexy naked body squirming as she takes it all inside her. She screams at the top of her lungs, begging him to fuck her deeper and harder and faster. She needs a lot of cock to satisfy her and her study mate has all the cock she needed so bad! After banging her brains out in several different nasty positions, he blows his load, blasting hot and sticky cum all over her face and her open mouth. Now that she got her fill of cock and cum she’s ready to keep studying! 