This beautiful blonde babe needed some extra cash, so one of her friends recommended she hit up this older gentleman who pays young women to let him dominate them. She arrives at his place and he orders her to strip naked while he watches from the upper floor and called her up. He grabs her by the neck, pressing her naked body against his, slapping her face, reaching between her legs and rubbing her pussy. Unsurprisingly, she’s already dripping wet. He likes it rough and she’s beginning to discover that so does she. He places his fingers in her mouth, stretching it out and making her suck them, then he throws her on the bed. He ties her up to the bed by her hands and legs and she finds herself bound and helpless, completely at his mercy. She’s totally naked except for a sexy red choker around her neck. She watches as he undresses, he holds her face with his strong hands and spits into her open mouth. She is helpless spread eagle on the bed. He gropes and fondles her tits and pussy, finger fucking her while grabbing her by the neck. He makes her suck on his fingers, tasting her own pussy, while slapping her face. He straddles himself on her chest, whipping out his huge throbbing member and rubbing and slapping it against her face before ramming it down her throat, making her choke and gag on it as it defies her gag reflexes and pushes them to the limit. She can’t take it no more, she needs to feel him inside her and finally, he rams his huge cock into her tight cunt, stretching it out and fucking her hard. She has never felt so filthy and dirty in her life, it’s a side of her she did not know and is falling in love with it. She pushes her pussy against his cock and he flips her over and keep banging her from behind, pulling her hair and placing his hand over her mouth to muffle her screams. Finally he sets her lose and lets her ride on his dick until he’s ready to cum all over her as a gift for her good behavior and obedience. Now she has the cash she needed but she’s staying because she loves being his slut! Dont miss more Extreme, Hardcore, even borderline abusive porn. Teens punished, abused, face-fucked, analized till their fresh pussies are fully used. Best source of Extreme Teen PORN! 