Ever since these two beautiful salon sluts, a hot brunette and a spunky blonde, decided to go into business together and open up their own beauty salon it’s been all business and no fun. They can’t remember the last time they had a moment to fuck! So, when this lady brings her handsome son to their salon for a haircut the girls are all over him! While they cut his hair, and his mom gets a blower in the corner, they over share their sex stories, talking about all that cock they use to suck and fuck, making their client real horny, to the point that he pulls down his pants under the apron covering his body and starts jerking off while listening to their dirty talking. The blonde notices what’s going on, pulling the apron off, and exposing his big throbbing erection. These two sluts see their opportunity to have this boy fuck their dripping wet pussies! Of course the girls can’t resist having something so delicious and so close, the blond gets down on her knees and starts sucking and stroking the young man’s cock while her friend watches. They take off their tops and take him in their arms, lifting him from his seat, cradling him as they suck his dick together. These girls are not just hot, they’re strong! This guy can’t believe what’s going on, to think he was upset with his mom dragging him to the hair salon in the first place, now he couldn’t thank her enough for it! After giving him a double hummer, the brunette strips naked, standing over the chair and lifting one of her legs while the young stud fucks her dripping wet pussy. He bends her over the chair, banging her from behind. Then the sexy blond gets down on her hands and knees over the chair so he can fuck her doggie style from behind. They are both so hot and beautiful, their pussies are so wet and tight. While he fucks the blonde, the sexy brunette gets behind him, caressing his body and her friend’s juicy bubble butt. The brunette places her arms under his armpits and lifts him in midair while he keeps fucking her friend doggy style, what a fucking hot position! The she leans over the counter so the young stud can penetrate and fuck her gushing cunt from behind while they check themselves out in the big mirror. The blonde is masturbating herself on the seat, sucking on the toes of her beautiful feet. He spreads her legs wide open and fucks her in missionary position while the brunette spreads her legs wide open, sitting against the counter and masturbating herself watching them. He bends her over the counter again so he can fuck her hard, her juicy bubble butt is so enticing! He finally blows his load all over them and they give him his haircut, not too short, so he can come back soon for another sexy visit!   Dont miss new porn site in REALITY KINGS family! The naughty girls you will find at Sneaky Sex simply love the thrill of sneaking behind their boyfriends, husbands and parents so they can get their hands on the big juicy cock, sucking and stroking it, getting their dripping wet pussies pounded hard and swallowing lots of cum! The thrill of getting caught turns them on! It excites them to sneak behind somebody else, and have hot lesbian sex, masturbate with sex toys, get fucked by their couple’s best friends behind their backs!