It’s been a hard semester in college but finally we finished our final test so the college cuties were hanging out at my dorm room having some post-exam fun! We started playing some party games with a dare, shooting ping-pong balls into tiny plastic cups, and whoever missed their shot had to get topless! One by one the naughty coeds took off their tops, showing off their fabulous titties in all shapes, sizes and colors! A couple of the girls down the whole came over, wondering what all the fuss was about, and when the girls saw that this party was getting wild, of course they decided to stick around! There’s nothing better to shed off the stress from final exams than having a wild sex party in the dorm room and these naughty girls were ready to go! After a while, most of us were either naked or half naked and of course my cock was as hard as a rock, and one of the sexy girls, a beautiful blonde, was ready to get on her knees and help me out with my throbbing erection, sucking and stroking my cock. She was really going down on me, deep throating my sausage all the way down to my balls and the rest of the girls were checking her out and learning from her style and technique! A couple of girls jumped into one of the beds, and since there was no more cock in the room, the naked girls started having some hot lesbian fun, eating each other out while watching me getting my Dick sucked. This sexy girl had the lower half of her body on the bed on the other half on the floor, her legs spread wide open, getting her pussy and ass licked by her friend, fucking hot! I took my blonde lover and spread her legs wide open, fucking her tight snatch in missionary position. I love fucking a girl while having several other ladies watching us fuck, it really turns me on and I want to put on a top-quality show for the girls! They fondled her body, caressing her soft hair and groping her big tits as I lied on my back and let her straddle herself on top, riding my cock in cowgirl position, pushing her big tits against my face so I could suck on her nipples while banging her. Then I put her sideways and fucked her from behind, letting her straddle me in reverse cowgirl. I knew all the other girls were eager to take her turn on top of my hard cock and the naked girls had hot lesbian sex in the meantime, warming up by licking and finger fucking their pussies, waiting for the girl on top of my cock to get off so they could take her place! I just hoped I had enough stamina and hot cum in my balls to satisfy them all! I love these parties! 