It’s a very important evening, her husband just got a new job and his beautiful blonde wife is hosting dinner for his new boss and his lovely wife. She wants to make sure everything is perfect so they can leave a good impression on her husband’s new boss and his lady. She goes to the kitchen to prepare some coffee for their guests, when she hears her husband’s new boss’s wife behind her. When she turns over, she finds her totally naked. It looks like this hot brunette wants more than just coffee! This naked babe is beautiful and hot, her body, breast and her bush is the sexiest thing ever. She presses her naked body against the blonde’s, feeling up her big tits over her sexy dress while kissing her neck, face and lips. She can feel her hand lifting her dress, and when her fingers discover she hasn’t put on any panties the girls begin rubbing and massaging her pink snatch. The blond plays along, not just because she wants to cause a good impression, but because she’s terribly turned on by the brunette advances and wants to see how far it goes. The naked brunette spits on her bit tits and rubs it all over them while making out with the hot blonde, who drops to her knees and starts eating her out. To her surprise, the brunette is a squirter, and starts gushing delicious pussy juices into her open mouth as she cums! This is one of the most amazing squirting orgasms ever! Dont miss this girl-girl scene if you are into squirting girls! She just keeps gushing and gushing, drenching the blonde and her dress and the kitchen floor in a puddle of squirt juice! She gets her big tits slapped and her pussy rubbed by the brunette, sitting and spread legging her over the kitchen counter and eating her out, squirting all over her pussy. Her husband’s boss walks in and finds the girls wet and naked, squirting into each other’s pussy! The most awkward situation ever! They invite the girls to the living room so they can get down on their knees and suck their hard cocks. The blonde and brunette get swapped and fucked around by her husband and his new boss in a steamy foursome fuck, riding cock and getting fucked doggy style from behind. The blonde starts gushing too, squirting all over the living room couch and rug along with her new friend and lover while she’s getting fucked by her husband and the new boss. The blonde loves feeling her husband’s new boss’ huge cock slamming her pussy and forced down her throat while she watches her husband fucking the hot brunette and making her squirt all over the place. She gets fucked down on her hands and knees, with the brunette sitting in front of her, squirting all over her face and mouth and her big tits! The girls seem enthusiastic about their work. Loving the constant soaking. All women should learn to squirt. She has never had so much fun with her husband’s employers before and the evening ends with her drenched in delicious squirt juices and the men’s hot and sticky cum dripping from her sexy lips and big tits while swapping it with her husband’s boss’s hot wife! his blonde, Alexis Fawx, is like WINE the older she gets the better she becomes. Her body, her body language & her eyes say everything even when she’s not saying anything (She’s quiet). Dont know how old she is really but he boobs / acting are just gr888 I personally want her to act more din keep up the gr888 work & go on…. She’s a rare beauty that just gets sexier by the day. Alexis is the hottest MILF on the site, Adriana Chechik is the hottest starlet on the ZZ, period, and their SQUIRTING looks epic!   WOOOOW!! This vignette is a veritable dream scene for all us porn nerds! Really, what more could we ask for? It’s got a gorgeous, older, buxom blonde in Alexis. It’s got a beautiful, younger, lithe, perky-tit brunette in Adriana. It’s got girl-swapping, it’s got lesbian fun, it’s got pile-driver, it’s got a great facial, and it’s got THE best ending you can get with two gals, namely a creampie cumswap! Fantastic. And that’s all before I even mention the incredibly compelling orgasmic pussy explosions that leave the ladies, the guys, and the furniture just soaked in cunt juice. The nackered ladies at the end are just covered in the perfect melange of sweat, spit, squirt, and sperm. Please give us more of these ZZ!!!