This beautiful blonde with long legs in a trench coat, black nylon stockings and high heels walks into the store looking for something to satisfy her sexual cravings! She finds a big ripe zucchini, taking it in her hands as she opens her trench coat, revealing a sexy lingerie lace top and matching thong! She pulls the thong down her thighs while squatting in the middle of the store, spreading her legs and inserting the right veggie inside her dripping wet cunt! The zucchini makes for the perfect sex toy, she sucks on it, tasting her pussy on the veggie and ramming it back inside her clam. When the zucchini makes her cum, she starts gushing from her pussy, squirting all over the aisle! When she hears the store owner coming, she hastily dresses and leaves. The store owner and his wife are startled when they stumble upon the puddle of squirt and the soaked vegetable. I love black stockings, high heels and squirting. Amazing. While they go looking for the culprit, the blonde comes back, opening the refrigerator door and retrieving a bottle of water. When the store owner and his wife reappear, she opens up her trench coat, showing off her big tits while masturbating with a water bottle! This bitch is a total nympho! While she squirts all over the place he threatens to call the cops. She wishes she could stop, but she can’t, and when the police officer shows up, she’s fucking herself with several zucchinis at the same time, sitting on a puddle of her own squirt! The officer understands what’s going on, and he has exactly what this slut needs, so he whips out his big hard cock and makes her suck and stroke it. She deep throats his member all the way down to the balls, popping them in her mouth and sucking them. He spreads her legs wide open in standing position and rams his hard cock deep inside her tight cunt. This isn’t something they teach in the police academy, but this guy used to be a porn star before joining the force and he always knew his porn star skills would come handy some day! He makes the nympho lean over the fridge and bangs her hard from behind. Then he sits on the floor and as she squats over his lap, he impales her tight asshole on his night stick, stretching it out and giving her a hardcore anal pounding. He fucks her asshole on the squirt soaked floor of the aisle, knowing an anal orgasm will finally soothe this bitch’s sexual cravings. He slams her butt while she double penetrates herself, stuffing her pussy with another zucchini. After making her cum anally, he blasts his cum all over her big tits, slutty face and open mouth. The store owner agrees not to press charges and the officer leaves the nympho with his card, so she can call him the next time she gets those urges! This babe is super sexy, love the squirting and anal! THIS woman is why I love porn. Brazzers, this looks excellent! 