I love watching my baby getting dressed up for work. She’s a spunky brunette with a smoking hot body and she loves wearing sexy black lace lingerie over her work clothes. She’s trying to put on her shirt, and I have my hands all over her body. Seeing her like this just gets me so fucking hard, plus, it’s early morning and we just woke up so I have a massive morning wood! If I don’t get any release, I’m going to be thinking about fucking her all day long and I won’t get any work done! She complains about it, saying I’m going to make her late for work, but I know she likes it, that’s why she insists on putting on that sexy lingerie every morning in front of me! We also wake up very early, so we can fuck at our leisure and still not show up late at work! I massaged her big, ripe tits over her black lace bra and she starts touching herself softly too. Her nipples are getting hard and she whispers “Is this worth being late for?” Damn sure it is, LOL! She reaches over, caressing the throbbing bulge under my slacks. She gets on her knees, pulling them down, taking my hard cock in her hands, she loves my morning wood, it’s always so thick and hard and ready to go. She pops it in her wet mouth, sucking it, stroking it with her hands, lifting it so she can lick my balls. She gives me a slow blowjob and handjob combo while undressing, then she gets down on her hands and knees on the couch, spreading her ass cheeks wide open with her hands so I can push my hard cock deep inside her tight cunt and fuck her doggy style from behind. I love fucking her this way, I get to admire her juicy bubble butt, her delicious asshole and when I stop banging her, she pushes her ass back up against my dick, urging me for more cock. I flip her over, spreading her legs wide open, pumping her snatch in missionary position, looking into her beautiful eyes. She still has her garter belt and stockings on; they make her look like a slut. She asks me how much I’m enjoying fucking my slut and making her late for work again while rubbing her pussy. I lie flat on my back on the couch and she straddles herself on top, her back to me, giving me a privileged view of her bubble butt dancing up and down my rod as I squeeze and massage it. She flips over so I can do the same to those big melons of hers; riding me in cowgirl position until I finally cum, blasting hot cum all over her face, open mouth and big tits. She knows we’ll be late for work, but she still wants more cock! 