This sexy brunette yoga teacher is teaching her class as usual. It’s a small class, with two of her favorite students, a sexy blonde and a hot brunette. It’s a small studio, with no air-conditioning, so they can build up a good sweat while practicing, and since they are close to the end of the class, they are drenched in sweat and their yoga clothes are sticking to their toned bodies. When she looks over to her students, she notices they are no longer following her. Instead, the girls are passionately making out. It looks like all that yoga liberated their kinky sexual energy and it’s flowing like crazy. She likes that, getting closer while they continue kissing and making out. She pulls down her yoga pants, standing between the girls, crawling on their knees while fingering, rubbing and eating out her dripping wet snatch. Pretty soon the girls make her squirt, gushing pussy juices all over their faces and her open mouths. Her students were really thirsty, they lick the squirt dripping down her thighs. She gets on her hands and knees, eating the brunette out and making her squirt into her mouth too, while the sexy blonde eats her pussy and ass out from behind. She loves the way the brunette’s cunt keeps spraying squirt all over her face and she catches as much as she can in her mouth, it tastes delicious! When the girls found out how yoga helped her improve her squirting they signed up right away and now they love and in every class with a hot and very wet squirting threesome. What better way to rehydrate after sweating so much during yoga? The yoga teacher gets her pussy rubbed by the blonde until she’s gushing again and they all kiss frantically while stimulating their pussies with their hands and feet! Three naked girls suck on their fingers and toes, drenched in each others’ pussy juices, squirting over and over. The yoga studio floor is filled with puddles of squirt over which the naked girls play. They take turns making each other gush, competing to see who squirts faster, who squirts the most and who can spray pussy juices the farthest! After they are done, these beautiful girls don’t even need to shower; after all, their hot and naked bodies are totally soaked in squirt! 