This sexy brunette bitch just can’t stand her stepbrother. The feeling is mutual. They are always fighting and picking on each other, but they both know the truth: it’s a love hate thing. As much as they can’t stand each other, they also find each other irresistible. He looks over his shoulder to make sure her mom, his stepmom, is not watching them. She’s too busy ironing clothes in the next room, so his sexy slut of a stepsister lifts her pink dress and rubs her butt against his face! They narrowly avoid getting caught by her mom when she comes over, and as soon as she leaves, his stepsister pulls his slacks down, releasing his throbbing erection, which she takes in her hands with a dirty look on her face, sucking and stroking hard. He may be in asshole, but he has a delicious dick! Her mom comes over again and they pretend nothing’s happening. Those close calls just make them hornier! She gets back to blowing and jerking his dick, then gets on her back, spreading her legs wide open on the living room couch and urges her stepbrother to start fucking her in missionary position, with her mom just a few feet away in the adjacent room! She lifts her dress over her tits and fondles them while rubbing her snatch, moaning and grunting with pleasure. It’s okay, her mom will probably think it’s just the TV, with the kind of programming they have nowadays. They avoid getting caught once again! Damn, each close call gets more intense than the previous one and she squats back on his cock, feeling it sinking inside her as she rides her stepbrother in reverse cowgirl position. Her big pierced boobs bounce while she’s on top of his fat dick and he pins her against the couch, deep fucking her while watching his stepmom walking around. Seeing her so close while they fuck turns him on, making him fuck his stepsister faster, harder and deeper! He needs to hurry up, they could get caught any moment now. He knows it’s wrong, be it the fantasy of her walking in and catching her stepson fucking her daughter excites him so much, he can’t help cumming, splattering hot cum all over his stepsister’s slutty face and pierced tits! Sneaky sex is hot! 