Banging my sexy blonde stepdaughter after catching her fucking her boyfriend on spy cam! I was under the impression that my gorgeous blonde stepdaughter was bringing her boyfriend to the house, but she kept denying it, so I decided to place a couple of spy cameras hidden in her bedroom to make sure. The cameras didn’t lie, as I saw her in a sexy pink tank top and skimpy denim shorts, sneaking her boyfriend into her bedroom. She threw him on her bed, pulling his pants down while sucking and stroking his hard cock. She took off her shorts and straddled herself on top of her boyfriend’s face so he could eat her out, then popped his dick in her cunt and rode him, taking off her top and bra and letting her big beautiful tits bouncing free! I was getting a throbbing erection from watching my stepdaughter fucking with her boyfriend, man! I wanted to be him so bad! Since I already had the proof I needed, I went to her bedroom and interrupted their sex making. I let her boyfriend leave and told her I would tell on her mother, and that’s when she noticed the big bulge between my legs, realizing she had given her stepdaddy a boner from watching her fucking with her boyfriend. With a dirty smile on her face she asked me not to tell on her while reaching over, rubbing my crotch with her soft hands! She pulled my slacks down and got on her knees, grabbing my throbbing erection and putting it in her mouth, sucking and stroking my sausage! I was getting blown by my stepdaughter! I undressed as she licked my shaft and my balls and her boyfriend returned, still naked, sitting on the side of the bed and watching us, now that was hot. I made my naked step daughter lie on her back on her bed, spread eagled her, ramming my hard cock deep inside her tight pussy and fucking her in missionary position. Her cunt was so much tighter than her mom’s. Her boyfriend knelt by our side and she stroked his cock while getting fucked by me. He popped it in her mouth so she could suck it and I straddled her on top in reverse cowgirl, pressing her naked body against me, groping those big tits while drilling her clam. While she looked over at her boyfriend, I rubbed and fingered her gushing cunt, penetrating her at the same time. Her boyfriend was definitely the type that likes to watch, and I was discovering that I was the type that likes to show off, and so was my stepdaughter, we were definitely bonding here! After making her bounce on my cock I put her back in missionary, sweat pouring down our bodies as I fucked her harder and faster.   “Please, I want you to cum in me!” I was cumming in her, Both of my fists grabbed the sheets, I kept my pace and kept slamming her, I was cumming in one long continuous orgasm, I just let myself go. “Wow, you are cumming in my pussy! I feel your cock pulsating in me, it’s so nice and sloppy!” Every time my balls touched her sensitive body her pussy muscles tensed and she squirted more sperm out of her cunt. When she felt me shoot inside her, she came too!!! Her boyfriend could see my cum leaking out of her well fucked hole. “He came in me already. Cum on my face!” she said to her boyfriend and he blew the creamy load all over her face and tits. He panted hard, looking down at her as she swallowed his load. When he finished, my step daughter was lying in a pool of cum, naked, with our seed all over her crotch and her face. She later confessed she enjoyed my cock much more than her boyfriend’s, but we still call him over when we fuck so he can watch!