My sexy blonde teen girlfriend is constantly misbehaving, to the point that I honestly ran out of ideas regarding how to punish her, so we got creative and made a sex jar. We write down different sexual punishment situations and put them in the jar, and when she misbehaves, we take turns picking a random punishment for her! Today it’s my turn, and the paper reads “Bondage and Hitachi”, this is going to be fun! My girl is a sexy skinny blonde bitch and she looks fucking hot when I have her naked and tied up to the bed by her wrists and ankles. I’m stripping naked in front of her on my cock is already as hard as a rock in a can tell by the look on her face that she wants it real bad. Of course I’m going to make her beg for it. I ram my sausage in her mouth and down her throat, making her deep throat it, choking and gagging on it, drool dripping from the sides of her lips and down her chin. I slap her big tits while making her eat my dick, I love to be in control and she loves surrendering it to me. We make the perfect couple! The look on her face as she swallows my cock is priceless and I make her hold it in as long as she can, pushing her gag reflex threshold to the limits. I take the Hitachi vibrating wand and apply it to her pussy while stuffing her mouth with my fingers and making her suck them. After fucking her mouth I spread her legs wide open, jamming my hard cock deep inside her gushing cunt while applying the vibrator to her clit, knowing the double stimulation is going to make her cum like a dirty whore. I spit all over her pussy to keep it well lubed while banging her and I hold her down against the mattress by her neck. Rough sex is a big turn on for the both of us. I slap her sexy face, stiffing her mouth with my fingers until they are drenched in her drool, then I smear it all over her slutty face. Finally I untie her, cradling her in my arms with her legs rapped around my waist as I fuck her in standing position. She’s been a good girl and took her punishment, so she deserves to get released from her bonds. I put her back in bed, slapping her face and fucking her mouth some more, then I put her on her hands and knees and fuck her doggy style from behind. I push her body against the mattress and pound her hard and she pushes her ass back against my cock until I’m ready to cum, blasting lots of hot cum all over her sweat drenched body, good girl!   WARNING EXTREME TEEN PORN! When teens behave badly, they need to be disciplined, punished and corrected, and the right place for such harsh sexual punishment takes place right here at Punish Teens! Don’t miss! These vids if you like extreme, hardcore, rough, borderline abusive sex. Watch these teen girls get fucked in the ass, pussy, tits, and mouth. They experience their first huge monster cock in ways they never imagined. Their pussies are wet and tight too because they never did it before. Virgins get deflowered in the most extreme style, shy innocent young naked girls get manhandled, tied up, their pussies get stretched out and destroyed by huge cocks, their assholes get punished, see them abused, face-fucked, brutally slapped, fish hooked, analized till their fresh pussies are fully used!