This beautiful blonde girlfriend and her boyfriend are trying to make the long-distance thing work, so every night they schedule sex cam dates. She waits for him totally naked on her bed in front of her laptop and when he’s finally online, he’s more than excited to virtually play with her. What he doesn’t know is that tonight his girlfriend has a guest at her house, a smoking hot blonde MILF with a scorching body, big tits and a juicy bubble butt, dressed up in sexy red lingerie, stockings and high heels. You see, she promised her boyfriend she wouldn’t see any other guys while they were away, but she never said anything about girls! Her boyfriend notices she’s a bit distracted, but before he can do anything about it, the connection gets lost. Oh well, maybe her Wi-Fi went down. Actually, the sexy cougar shut her laptop so she can have his hot girlfriend all to herself! The girls start making out and the beautiful blond removes her bra, setting those big bubble tits free and brushing them against the girlfriend’s breasts while they softly kiss on her bed. Wrapping her bra around the back of her head, she buries it between her big tits and the naughty girlfriend licks and sucks on her perky nipples. The blonde slides down her body, licking her navel and making her way up her mid riff, licking and sucking her tits and her big erect nipples too. She lies her down, spreads her legs and eats her out, spreading her pink pussy lips with her tongue, drinking the sweet juices that gush from her cunt. She pushes her mouth into her pussy and licks her pussy juices out of it as fast as she can. The naked woman finger fucks her slit while massaging her clit, making the sexy girlfriend squirm and convulse as her entire body gets overtaken by an intense orgasm. Then the cougar straddles herself on top, sitting on her face so she can tongue fuck her. She loves eating her pussy and asshole and getting it eaten out by her mature, experienced lesbian lover. She loves her boyfriend very much, but he just can’t do all those things that this beautiful cougar does to her. Down on all fours she lets her stimulate her pussy with her hands, rubbing them together, tribbing until the naked girls are drained, exhausted and drenched in each other’s sweat, resting until the next round! 