This spunky blonde is prepping a birthday party for a mutual friend with her hot best friend, a gorgeous brunette, and her boyfriend. He’s preparing some water balloons for the party and his girlfriend leaves to get the birthday cake they ordered, leaving her blonde friend all alone with her boyfriend. She’s wearing a sexy white shredded tank top with no bra underneath and skimpy shorts and since she’s in a playful mood, she takes one of the water balloons and bursts it over her friend’s boyfriend’s head! He retaliates and they get into a water balloon fight, her soaked top sticking to her tits and showing their contours and her erect nipples! Soaked, she goes to the bathroom to dry up and change. When she turns over, she finds her friend’s boyfriend standing in the bathroom door, ogling her naked body while jerking his hard cock! She grabs him, pulling him in, pushing him against the wall, dropping to her knees, grabbing his hard cock in her hands, sucking and stroking it. Her best friend has talked to her about her boyfriend’s huge cock so many times, she’s been lusting over it since. He gets naked and they fuck on the floor, pounding her dripping wet pussy sideways from behind while squeezing her big tits. She forgets all about her best friend until she hears her calling them out! Her boyfriend hides her behind the towel when his girlfriend comes into the bathroom asking where she is. If she knew she was right there, hidden behind the towel and still sucking and stroking her boyfriend’s cock! She leaves, looking for her, and he puts her over the bathroom counter, spreading her legs wide open and pumping her pussy with his fat cock. Almost getting caught got them both so fucking turned on! She spits all over her pussy, rubbing and spreading her saliva all over her cunt with her fingers while he continues banging her. Then she turns over and leans so he can plow her from behind. He gets on the floor and she sucks his dick, then straddles herself on top and rides it. She plays with her snatch while riding his cock in cowgirl and reverse. He blows his creamy load all over her face and tits and she licks it all up, joining her friend before she gets a chance to realize she was just banging her boyfriend! 