I met Aubrey online on a sex dating site and I invited this sexy blonde to my place so we could meet and have some naughty fun together. I’m into petite girls and she’s into guys with massive cocks, so I think we make the perfect match! She showed up wearing nothing but a skimpy bikini and ripped denim shorts and she looked fucking hot! She’s tiny and fit, with nice tits and a sexy bubbly butt that has a natural bounce every time she moves, so hot! I wanted to know which was the biggest she had up to now and she told me 6 or 7 inches. Now that’s a lot of cock for a tiny girl like her, but she was in for a surprise when she noticed I had a couple extra inches for her tight pussy! She was an absolute awe at how big, thick and hard my cock was, telling me her previous big cocks paled in comparison. She opened up her mouth real wide and did her best to deep throat my cock, but let’s face it, it was just too big for her and she hardly managed to fit it halfway through before her gag reflexes kicked in and she started choking and gagging on my boner. That’s okay, it’s actually hot to see a sexy girl like Aubrey struggling to swallow my cock. After sucking and stroking my cock, she pulled those beautiful titties over her bikini and straddled herself on my lap, pushing my thick erection inside her tight clam. I could feel it stretching out her tight pussy as it made its way in, inch by inch, until she was stuffed and bouncing up and down my throbbing erection. I let her control the rhythm so her tight pussy got used to having something so big lodged inside her while I played with her beautiful titties, stimulating her perky nipples with my fingers. Her little pussy felt like paradise, tight and slick, and I could feel her vaginal muscles clenching around my cock. I put the petite naked girl on her back, spreading her legs wide open and fucking her delicious snatch in missionary position, forcing my dick deeper and deeper into her body. “You already own me, please don’t break me,” she pleaded as I pushed my hard cock into her tight hole. I took my shaft in my hand and gently tapped her clit with my cock head. “Ooooh,” she groaned in pleasure. I began to rub her clit with my cock head and run it up and down her slit. “FUCK ME!” She screamed. I began to pump her faster and deeper. She felt so good, so tight! My balls were bouncing on her ass.   I was slamming into her cunt pushing her forward with each thrust. Then I fucked her jackhammering her pussy standing against the rails of the stairs. “Let’s do it in piledriver position!” she whispered with delight. “Yeah!” I responded. I pin her shoulders to the bed, plunged my cock into her open pussy and began to pound into her like a pile driver, on each inward stroke my hard pubic bone collided with her aroused clitoris. Her juices was squirting out around my cock and dripping down my thighs. I fucked her blazingly horny pussy hard in piledriver position and in all possible positions and every possible angle. I was slamming in her tight hole as deep as I could. She took that big dick like a pro! “Please, I want you to cum in my face! Shoot a huge load of your nasty sperm in my mouth, and make me swallow it!” I was blasting hot spunk all over her tits and face. I had to hold her head tightly to prevent her bucking away from me as I squirted my cum down her throat.