This sexy blonde is busy doing the dishes in the kitchen when her hot brunette roommate comes in eyeing her from top to toe with a look of lust in her face. All this time the sexy Georgia is just being all friendly and passive. Then all hell breaks loose…absolutely love how “Sexually Aggressive” she carries out her role… that is HOT!! The hot lesbian takes her from behind, reaching under her skirt and her blouse, fondling and groping her tits, digging her fingers into her tight clam. She sits her on the kitchen sink, spreading her legs wide open, munching on her tits and sucking on her nipples while kissing her, sliding down her body, spreading her legs wide open and thrusting her pink tongue deep inside her gushing cunt. She just “goes for it” with Karla being immediately turned on and not only once but cumming over and over again! The blonde straddles a leg over the kitchen counter so the brunette can take her tongue even deeper inside her, exploring every nook and cranny of her delicious clam. The girls kiss as she feels that hand rubbing her pussy taking her to the edge of an orgasm that makes her gush, spraying pussy juices all over the kitchen floor and her lover’s hand. She moans, grunts and whimpers, the brunette’s tongue forcing itself into her mouth, playing with her own tongue, licking her face and neck. Just like that, the brunette leaves her. Georgia walking away from Karla after she just owned her pussy like a fucking boss! Sexy ass fuck! I love it when she gets to show her dominant side! Their second encounter takes place at the dinner table, when their mutual roommate leaves to take the call on the brunette casually drops a fork and crawls under the table to pick it up. The horny lesbian drags her under the table, groping her tits, sucking her nipples, spreading her legs and fingering her muff, which is already soaking wet! Even her panties are soaked in pussy juices! The blonde would like to resist, but she just can’t, the brunette’s too fucking hot and makes her panties wet and she likes that! She likes the attention, she likes getting her pussy rubbed until she squirts again, this time all over the dining room floor, avoiding getting caught by their roommate! The brunette gets on top of her, in a steamy 69, eating each other out, tasting their sweet flowing juices, stimulating their tight assholes and making each other cum over and over. The blonde gushes every time she cums, spraying more and more squirt all over the floor, the furniture, her lover, herself. She munches on the brunette’s cunt like it’s the last pussy left on earth until she’s dried and naked in a puddle of her own squirt! Really good sneaky lesbian, almost caught scene with copious amounts of squirting. The girls gave an absolutely outstanding performance. Georgia played her role as the “aggressive lover in charge” perfectly, and Karla’s act as the “wifey” worried about getting caught was so … real! Don’t miss more squirting lesbians in amazing scenes like this one! 