This sexy teen and her best friend thought they could outsmart this mall cop, but he caught them shoplifting and now the girls are in big trouble. He’s got enough evidence on them to call the cops and send them to jail. The girls are desperate and he knows it, so he offers them a deal, one they just can’t afford to refuse. He drops his slacks down as one this sexy teen gets down on her knees, sucking and stroking his throbbing erection while her friend watches. She does seem a bit uncomfortable at first, but as that cock gets bigger and harder inside her mouth and she starts tasting the very first drops of precum she realizes that despite the fact that this is punishment for their wrongdoing, she is really enjoying giving the mall cop a blowjob. So much so, that her friend decides to join them, getting down on her knees and latching onto that throbbing cock. He makes the girls stand and orders them to take off their pants and panties, turning over and leaning against the table so he can take turns fucking their young pussies. He starts with the teen’s friend, fondling her soft bubble butt while ramming his hard cock deep inside her cunt, making her moan and grunt as he fucks her hard against the table. The sexy teen finds herself impatient to feel that juicy cock fucking her too, and when it finally does, she has to concentrate really hard not to cum on the spot, it just feels so fucking good! The mall cop is an authority figure and feeling punished by him is the biggest turn on ever! Much more so when he spanks them, making them flip over so he can fuck their twats in missionary position. She loves the way he pushes his fat cock deep inside her, pounding her hard and she loves watching him banging her friend, it looks so sexy! He sits on his chair and she straddles herself on top, pushing his cock inside her, taking off her top so he can play with her tits and suck on her nipples and make her his bitch and fill her with hot spunk I know that she will shoplift again tomorrow so he can catch her and fuck her again! 