Eva is a horny housewife, she loves her husband, but she needs so much more cock and sex then he can give her, so she’s quite happy when she meets the new neighbor who just moved in next door. While he talks with her husband, she flirts with him behind his back, wearing sexy lace lingerie under her silky robe, flashing him her beautiful tits and touching herself. She turns over, pulling her panties down, spreading her delicious ass cheeks and showing him her little asshole! While he keeps talking with the neighbor through the yard gate, naughty Eva crawls in her lingerie all the way to the new neighbor, pulling his juicy dick from under his denims and giving him an introductory blowjob and handjob… while he’s talking with her husband! He asks if he can borrow one of his gardening tools and he’s more than happy to oblige, after all, he’s kind of borrowing his wife right now, LOL! The hot babe pulls her beautiful tits over her bra while giving the new neighbor head, swallowing his big cock all the way down to the base and drenching it in drool. She has a big smile on her face, like a kid with a new toy to play with. Her husband finally leaves and he can concentrate on fucking her brains out, stripping her naked, bending her over and ramming his hard cock deep inside her gushing pussy, banging her from behind. This girl has a delicious ass and a tight cunt, to think he almost picks a house in the other neighborhood, he would have really missed out! He grabs her by her ass and straddles her on top, fucking her in a modified standing reverse cowgirl position that leaves Eva spread-eagled and at his mercy. He leans against the yard gate so she can get on top and ride his cock in cowgirl position while making sure her husband doesn’t sneak in on them and catch them fucking! He puts the naked babe down on her hands and knees, penetrating and fucking her doggie style from behind while she rubs her dripping wet pussy with her fingers, flipping her over so he can watch her beautiful face and tits while banging her. He cums in her and lets her get back to her husband with white cum leaking out of her vagina! Eva’s so freakin hot, always a pleasure to see her amazing skills. Always a pleasure to watch this babe get fucked, she’s freakin amazing. I love when a woman’s pussy is as pretty as Eva’s! And that ASS is WORLD CLASS! Natural tits, nice pussy, no tattoo, heels on til the end of the scene … she’s a real lady! Awesome movie and spectacular performance by Eva Livia. 