Samantha is a busty blonde bombshell with one of the nicest pairs of tits you’ll ever see. This beautiful blonde just started working and she wants to do her best keeping this house clean and her boss and his wife totally satisfied. They even gave her a pretty sexy maid’s outfit, it’s tight and skimpy and includes lace stockings and feels like a lingerie outfit, but she’s loves it, it makes her feel sexy and slutty while doing her job! She likes it so much, she hasn’t even put panties underneath, and when she bends over, her boss can see her delicious pussy burger and round bubble butt. He spanks her ass and pulls her uniform over her luscious ass, exposing her! She feels his tongue stretching her tight asshole wide open as he rims her. That’s why she loves this new job, her bosses are total perverts! His wife walks in with his phone, which is beeping, while he’s munching on the maid’s asshole and after taking the call he returns to the maid, who’s cleaning the bathroom, with his throbbing cock dangling, ready for her to clean it up and polish his balls with her slick tongue. His wife comes around to make sure she’s doing a good job with the bathroom and her hubby. She doesn’t care that her husband is fucking the maid. He puts her in the shower, under the running water, pressing her big tits against the shower panel while pounding her wet muff from behind with his throbbing member. She knows how to put those big 34DD’s to good use and loves to wrap them around a huge cock. What an incredibly hot woman, a real goddess! After this, the sexy maid sets the table so they can have lunch. However, her boss is still feeling horny, so he fucks her doggy style from behind while she tries to clean the kitchen floors. He’s insatiable! He sets the sexy blonde over the kitchen counter, spreading her legs wide open and pumping her twat with his big dick. She takes her job very seriously. She truly is the perfect maid! I wonder how good that would feel going in and out of this perfect pussy! She rubs her clit with her fingers and slaps her pussy lips, and a thin triangle above her pussy. His balls are slapping against her ass while he fucks her and she’s screaming with pleasure. He wants to lick her gushing cunt and plunges his tongue deep into her vagina. His face is buried in this woman’s snatch, slurping and licking it. Then he pounds her mound sideways from behind while she passes her hands all over her hot naked body. The naked blonde rubs her muff while he gropes and massages her big ripe tits and plays with her pussy.   She’s happy his wife is not a jealous woman, quite the contrary. She is happy with her man having a hot blonde maid to fuck anytime he wishes to as long as she keeps the house nice and clean, though she must confess she doesn’t know herself how she manages to get anything done around the house! When he isn’t fucking her pussy, making her suck his dick or blasting hot cum all over her big tits, she’s licking his wife’s pussy or letting her rim her tight asshole, or even better, having the hottest threesomes with her bosses, who make sure to keep their sexy little bitch maid as happy and as satisfied as she keeps them with her incredible house cleaning abilities and fucking skills! They told her she would have lots of fun at the job and they weren’t lying! She would stay at this job even if they didn’t pay her! Don’t miss more sex videos with the hottest babes and the biggest cocks!