This beautiful blonde is half naked in the bathroom and with her legs spread wide open while shaving her pussy. Thinking she’s alone, she left the bathroom door wide open. Her stepbrother also thinks he’s all alone in the house, so he walks in and finds her shaving her pink pussy on the bathroom counter! Talk about an awkward moment! Not really knowing what’s the right thing to say the moment like this, he asks if she needs help. She actually does, he can help her reach those hard to reach places. So there she is, getting her pussy shaved by her stepbrother. It feels strangely arousing, she knows her pussy is gushing and she can tell her stepbrother is getting a pretty huge hard on under his boxers. This becomes quite certain when she feels his throbbing erection rubbing against her shaved pussy lips! They are so sensitive after just getting shaved! The sensation is pleasant and she grinds her hips, pushing her butt against her stepbrother’s crotch, letting him know she’s enjoying this and doesn’t want him to stop. He leans against the bathroom counter and she drops on her knees, sucking and stroking that delicious cock. She’s fantasized with doing this many times, feeling her stepbrother’s hands massaging her breasts, making her nipples hard. Thick ropes of saliva drip down her chin as she gobbles up his big dick and climbs atop the counter, bending over on her hands and knees so she can watch their refection on the bathroom mirror while her stepbrother fucks her tight snatch doggy style from behind! This is so wild! He has a big Dick and it feels really good inside her juicy cunt. She flips over and spreads her legs wide open in missionary position, rubbing her pussy while her stepbrother is fucking her. He lies flat on his back on the bathroom floor and she squats on top of him, pushing his hard cock deep inside her so she can ride him, making her tits bounce up and down until her stepbrother is ready to blow his creamy load! She always masturbates herself right after shaving her pussy because it turns her on, but getting fucked by her stepbrother’s cock instead is so much better! From now on, she’s letting him shave her pussy and fuck her after wards! 