This teen babe can’t wait for her sleepover slumber party with her two besties, the only problem is, her stupid stepbrother, who keeps intruding on her while the girls are watching, or trying to watch, a slasher film. Since it looks like there’s no way to get rid of him, she lets him stay and watch the movie with them, sitting on the couch behind her with one of her best friends. Now it looks like her best friend is much more interested in making out with her stepbrother than watching the movie! She pushes her tits over her bra and against his face so he can munch on them while she whips out his cock. She’s amazed, it’s HUGE! This teen slut never imagined such a dorky guy like her friend’s stepbrother could be packing so much heat under his pants! She actually gets cross-eyed trying to look at it! She licks the tip , glistening with precum and rubs it against her lips in circles, going down on it while he plays with her ass and her wet twat. She deep throats it all the way down to his balls, it’s so big and thick! She drools all over it and spreads it with her hands and when his stepsister and the other friend decide to go for snacks, the girls turn over and see their mutual friend already got some, her stepbrother’s big beefy sausage! She can’t believe this! However, her other friend decides she wants that snack too, joining the other bestie! She can’t explain this! However, watching her best friends sucking and stroking her stepbrother’s massive cock and discovering how big and hard his member is, it just makes her hot and wet and she can’t help touching herself while watching. Her friends read her mind, and tell her to join them, Fuck it, after all, he’s her stepbrother! After sucking and stroking his cock together she finds herself totally naked except for her striped thigh high socks, her dripping wet pussy impaled on her stepbrother’s huge cock, riding it in reverse cowgirl. It feels so wrong, but it feels so right, so hot, so sexy! Her friend kiss her lips, massaging her tits and ass, masturbating her as she takes her stepbrother’s huge cock deep inside her cunt in the best sleepover ever! Here we have three young and hot naked girls getting their pussies fucked hard. He is in heaven! The naked girls look at each other and smile. He loves the taste of their young pussies and the look on their faces when the girls swallow his cock and lick his balls together drives him wild. The sight of three beautiful naked girls lying on their backs or on their knees waiting to get their pussies fucked, awesome! Don’t miss this amazing foursome with three hot teens! 