I just got myself a new camera and I couldn’t wait to test it with my gorgeous black girlfriend. She was wearing a sexy green top and a cute skirt that highlighted her long legs and allowed me to get some awesome up skirt shots. She knew I was getting frisky, and cut me a deal, if we were finished before lunchtime she would let me do anything I want it with her and my camera. Yay! She lied down on the bed, hiking up her skirt, pulling her panties aside, legs spread wide open, sliding her fingers up and down her dripping wet slit as I filmed her. I pushed my finger inside her pink clam, making her moan and grunt, followed by a second finger. She was gushing! I was getting my fingers drenched in her pink cunt and she told me she wanted my dick inside her black pussy. She got on her knees, unbuckling and unzipping my pants, popping my sausage in her wet mouth and making it big and hard with a blowjob. Nobody sucks a dick like my girl! She does it nice and slow, taking her time, sucking and licking gently, letting it build up until I’m about to burst! Then she picks up speed and intensity, deepthroating my shaft all the way down to the base and getting me as hard as a rock! My sexy ebony babe pulls her top over her beautiful mocha tits and tells me to lie flat on my back, climbing on top and pushing my rod inside her pink clam, riding her man in cowgirl position. She is so fucking horny today! She flips over and shows me her hot caramel ass, guiding my dick back inside her wet clam, bouncing up and down. She spreads her chocolate ass cheeks with her hands, giving me a glimpse of her tender asshole while riding me in reverse cowgirl and I slide my thumb up and down her ass crack, stimulating her butthole. She gets on her back and spreads her legs wide open so I can fuck her in missionary position, watching her touching herself while doing so. I place my cock at the entrance to her pussy and with one long hard deep thrust bury my hard white cock into her black pussy. She moans in ecstasy. I grab her big tits in my hands, squeezing them hard as I pull out and blow hot and creamy cum all over them and her beautiful face! I love making homemade porn with my girl! 