When all my friends at college went away for spring break I was heartbroken since I was left all alone, until I got a knock at my dorm door. For spring break bitches had also stayed, and since I was the only guy left in the dorm, the girls invited me over for the hottest party ever! I was the only dick in town so it was guaranteed that I was going to get laid, not by one, but by all four of these horny spring break bitches! We were celebrating, dancing, parting and doing shots, with the sexy girls swapping them back and forth as I watched them, and I could feel my bulge throbbing heavily under my pants. The babes were grinding one against the other, slowly losing their clothes, stripping down to their lingerie. I couldn’t believe this was actually happening! Finally, the girls started getting really naked! Man, man I was seeing tits and asses everywhere I looked! I wasn’t missing spring break one bit! The naked girls were touching and caressing their hot bodies, spreading their juicy bubble butts wide open, exposing their buttholes and tight pussies. I sat at the end of the bed and looked up at the wonderful view of four naked girls, their lovely bald spread open pussies. They were so beautiful! While two of the girls jumped on one of the beds and started having hot lesbian sex, another girl threw me on the free bed, pulling down my pants, releasing my throbbing erection from its cage, sucking and stroking it as we watched her friends having girl on girl action. This girl couldn’t believe how big my cock was and I was really flattered with all the compliments, telling me she was impressed and it was the biggest she had ever seen. Yay! The rest of the girls stop what they were doing and got closer so they could watch us while I got my dick sucked and stroked by their friend. Pretty soon I was surrounded by beautiful girls eating each other out while taking turns playing with my dick and getting their dripping wet pussies pounded hard by me! The horny college naked girls bumped butts together, getting shots spilled over their hot naked bodies as I continued banging them in every possible position and angle, finally blasting hot cum over all of them! To think I was feeling down from missing spring break and I ended up having the best time ever! 