My sexy blond girlfriend and I are always having fun, no matter what we are doing, because no matter what we do, we always end up naked and having sex! Today it’s a sunny day and we are having some fun outside, tossing a football back and forth until she starts getting naughty, pulling down her shorts and shaking her delicious bubble butt to turn me on. My little football nympho! I grab her and start fondling and massaging that juicy ass, pulling her top down and playing with her tiny titties too. There isn’t anything about my girlfriend that I don’t like! She strips totally naked and we continue playing and I chase her around the yard. I finally catch up with her, she lays on one of the yard chairs, legs spread wide open, a big smile on her beautiful face as I start licking her wet slit and nibbling on her tender pussy lips. I sink my tongue inside her and she begs me to lick her very slow, she loves that, it gets her so turned on! She turns over, pulling my slacks down, releasing my throbbing erection and taking it in her tiny hands, sucking and stroking it. My tiny girlfriend gets down on her hands and knees while giving me head, I can see her beautiful bubble shaped ass jutting up as she blows me. I hold her head still with my hands, pushing my cock down her throat, making her choke and gag as she deep throats it. I lie on my back and I let her straddle herself on top, guiding my fat cock inside her pussy, riding me in cowgirl position. Anyone have a fetish for long, fat, thick pussy lips? I sooooo do. I adore her big meaty pussy! She likes to rub her pussy while she’s riding me, the double stimulation from her very own fingers on my hard dick make her gush like crazy. She touches her naked body, fondling her tiny tits, feeling my cock inside her. I put her down on her hands and knees, she looks over her shoulder as I fuck her doggie style from behind. She wriggles her butt while I jam my thumb inside her tight asshole making her squirm. I flip her over and she spreads her legs wide open. I bring her legs up and put them on my shoulders so her pussy is totally vulnerable to the assault of my cock. I fuck her in missionary position. I feel her pussy muscles squeeze my cock as I try to pull it out and then she relaxes the muscles as I push my cock back into her. I love having sex in the backyard so the neighbors can hear and I love watching every spurt of my hot, thick cum jetting out of my prick and landing on her lovely face; I don’t want this to end. I want to keep cumming all day; I want to keep cumming all over her beautiful young body, her small tits and her cute face. 