My roomie is a smoking hot brunette pin-up and I love teasing her, so I sneaked into her bedroom and placed a pair of vibrating panties in her drawer. I hid and waited patiently. Soon enough, she came out of the shower, totally naked and beautiful, and sure enough, she grabbed the vibrating panties and put them on. When I pressed the remote control on them I saw her jump, startled by the vibrations on her pussy. She couldn’t figure out what was happening! She continued getting ready for her yoga class when I gave her a second jolt. Man, her reaction and the look on her face were priceless! With each vibration I could see her getting more and more flustered. I knew her pussy had to be gushing by now, and the vibrating panties were probably drenched in her pussy juices. Unfortunately, she spotted me! Looked like I was going to receive a taste of my own medicine! Since I was guilty of turning her on, she was going to do the same to me, teasing me with her juicy bubble butt and her fabulous big tits! When I could no longer take such punishment, she took my hard cock in her hands and began sucking and stroking it. She straddled herself on top, her delicious bubble ass facing my way, pushing my hard cock inside her dripping wet pussy and riding me in reverse cowgirl position. She was hot as hell! She kept looking over my shoulder as she rode me and I grabbed that chunky ass with my hands, fondling and massaging it like a priceless treasure. She flipped over, letting me see her beautiful tits while bouncing up and down my lap, rubbing her pussy with her hand as I plowed her with my throbbing erection. I put her sideways on her bed, penetrating her from behind and pumping her snatch while she moaned and grunted. She played with herself, squeezing her big tits and screaming at the top of her lungs as I impaled her on my meaty sword. Finally I had her down on her hands and knees, pounding her muff doggy style from behind and blowing my creamy load all over her body! Of course, now she makes me buy her new lingerie and vibrating panties every time that I want to fuck her! 