I met Kimber at the gym, and after watching her busting her amazing bubble butt during her workout, I followed her to a nearby coffee shop, striking up a conversation with her and discovering that she was more than happy to show off her drop dead gorgeous body for money! Yay! Right there she tugged down on her training bra, flashing me her beautiful titties. Even the guy sitting on the next table got a look! I wanted to see more of this sexy babe, so much more, so I took her to a nearby alley where I knew nobody would interrupt us. There, she pulled down her yoga pants and gave me a good look at her fabulous bubble shaped butt. What a perfect beautiful ass! Her naked ass turned me on so immensely. She was without a doubt one of, if not THE most, hottest girl I had ever seen. I fondled her lean ass cheeks and could see her pink pussy burger already dripping wet. Her nipples were rock hard by now; I knew she was as turned on as me with our little dogging escapade. I took her hand and placed it on my crotch so she could feel my throbbing erection underneath my pants. She got on her knees, grabbing it in her hands, sucking and stroking it. I pushed her face against my crotch, making her choke and gag on my beefy sausage as she deep throated it all the way down to the base. Kimber gave great head, slobbering all over my cock, licking it like a lollipop, moaning and grunting with mad pleasure. She licked my balls, sucking them lightly into her mouth, working her tongue around them. She looked into my eyes as she continued to bob her head up and down, deep-throating me. She bent over, spreading her ass cheeks with her hands, showing me her gaping buttholes and gushing cunt as I pushed my cock inside her and began banging her from behind. The view of her sweet, round ass wrapped around my cock was heavenly. What a marvelous feeling, I was in heaven. She was moaning and screaming harder and harder. She loved sex, and she loved sex outside. She loved the excitement of the possibility of getting caught. I flipped her over, spreading her legs wide open and pounding her in missionary position. I grabbed her big tits, squeezing them hard and stimulating her perky nipples with my fingers while slamming her tight pussy. Her back arched, and her beautiful body began to tremble as she began to orgasm. Her pussy hole was clamped tight around my cock, as it slowly move in and out of her wet tunel. She made me lie flat on my back, her back facing my way, spreading her ass cheeks wide open with her hands while squatting, pushing my hard cock deep inside her, making her beautiful body bounce up and down while riding me in reverse cowgirl.   Just watching that delicious bubble shaped ass made me want to blow my load right there on the spot, but I knew Kimber wanted a long ride on my dick and I couldn’t disappoint her. Without skipping a beat and with my cock still inside her, Kimber flipped over, now facing me as she continued straddling my erection with a satisfied smile on her slutty face. Her pussy with a thin strip of pubic hair from her clit to the top of her bikini line was beautiful. Her lovely boobies were gently swinging back and forth with my thrusts. I rubbed her pussy while stuffing her, watching beads of sweat trickling down her tits and lean belly as she took me closer and closer to the point of no return. I pulled out of her pussy, spraying lots of hot and sticky cum all over her face, her open mouth and her big tits. She pressed her beautiful tits against my lap and began cleaning the cum off of my cock. Now we fuck in the alley every day after her workout!