I know my stepsister loves to masturbate herself, but I never have a chance to see her doing it, until a couple of days ago. She actually left her bedroom door unlocked so my friend and I sneaked in with my camera ready to film her while watching her totally naked in her bed, stimulating her dripping wet pussy with a big vibrator wand. Unfortunately, she looked over her shoulder and saw us there, we were so busted! We imagined she would be mega pissed off, but she was already so turned on masturbating, that being spied on by her very own stepbrother and his friend just made her hornier! Since we had interrupted her, not the least we could do was to stick around and help her get off! She was wearing her sexy glasses, her colorful top pulled over her nice tits and sexy cotton socks. He spread her legs wide open, rubbing her wet cunt with her fingers while we watched and filmed her. She finger fucked her pussy while massaging her big tits, turning and leaning over her bed, shaking her juicy bubble butt as I finger fucked her from behind and my friend filmed us. Imagine my surprise when I found out that my stepsister was a squirter as I made her cum and she started gushing from her pussy, spraying pussy juices all over my hands and her bed sheets. She came hard and gushed so much pussy juice! She was squirting like a fire hydrant and her juices were flying all over the place. She unzipped my jeans and grabbed my hard cock, sucking and stroking it, drooling all over my long shaft and my balls, drenching them in her warm saliva. I was ready to fuck her squirting pussy as she got on her back and spread her legs wide open but she had a different idea on her filthy mind, telling me she wanted me to fuck her anally! I push my hard cock deep inside her tight asshole, feeling her anal sphincter stretching out as I fucked her as I fucked her butt, making her squirt even more from her pussy! “Don’t stop,” she begged. I started pounding her ass as fast and hard as I could making her cunt squirt again and again high in the air. Good thing that my friend was there to record the whole thing. My crazy naked step sister impaled her asshole on my hard cock, riding me in reverse cowgirl and squirting loads and loads of pussy juices with every anal orgasm my huge dick gave her tight anal funnel! I left her asshole gaping wide open and her pussy oozing squirt juice after cumming all over her! 