This freaked out blonde teen believes she got pregnant simply by having sex with her boyfriend so, desperate, she knocks on her stepmom’s bedroom door to see if she can check her and make sure. Her stepmom, a beautiful cougar with a drop dead gorgeous body and purple hair, realizes quickly, based on the details of her stepdaughter’s story, that there’s no way she could be pregnant, but since looking closely at her tight pink pussy has turned her on, she decides to do some further probing. To get a better view, she lies on her back and makes her get on top, so she can spread her pussy lips with her fingers and take a better look. Yeap, everything looks normal. Having her stepdaughter’s young wet pussy so close to her face, she can resist tasting it with her tongue. She can’t resist eating her pussy. This young girl has just about the tastiest possible looking pussy on the planet. The teen girl giggles and squirms as she starts eating her out. She is undoubtedly pregnant… with deeply repressed rapacious lesbian lust and yummy free-flowing vaginal drippings for her wise and warmhearted stepmother’s lovely wide open and delightedly love juice-coated smiling mouth. She fondles her stepmom’s big tits and sucks on her perky nipples. She wants to show her appreciation for her help, she lies on her back so she can face sit her, eating out her delicious muff and tasting her sweet pussy juices flowing from her wet slit. Her stepmom teaches her how to trib, rubbing their pussies against each other and experiencing explosive orgasms. Their legs are entwind together and their clits are rubbing against each others. The naked girls spend the rest of the night taking turns eating each other out, finger fucking their pussies, licking their tight assholes and cumming together until they are left drained and exhausted. She discovers she loves her stepmom’s pussy so much more than cock. The good thing about having lesbian sex with her stepmother is that they can do it all day long and she will never ever have to worry about getting pregnant! Love the sex between these two beautiful girls, multiple intense pussy-quivering pussy-shattering orgasms. The sex looks exciting and passionate and interaction is friendly and enthusiastic. This “mom” is the best at “slow and sensual” – the way she caresses a woman, the way she touches their nipples, the way she kisses their mouths or their pussies – she savors every touch, kiss, and lick. Think of your favorite dessert – like some super delicious moist chocolate cake – and putting it slowly into your mouth and then savoring every morsel – And that’s this babe, because she makes love to a woman’s body as if it is the most delicious dessert. 