Our maid has been working with us for several months and she’s awesome. My wife works a lot, so it’s usually just the maid and me in the house. I saw the way she looked at my wife’s lingerie drawer, so I started gifting her lingerie. It’s turned into a thing and I get as excited as her when I drop a gift box on her bed and wait to see her open it up! As soon as she sees it, she takes off her pink maid uniform. Damn, she’s wearing the last lingerie I sent her underneath! She removes it and tries on the new one. She looks so fucking hot and sexy! She puts her uniform over it and gets back to work and I’m so busy checking her out while she cleans the bathroom on her hands and knees that I don’t realize my wife came back and caught me red handed! After my wife leaves, the maid comes and tells me she wants to show me something, removing her uniform and letting me see her sexy body in the black lace lingerie I got her! Since my wife is gone, she tells me we can play together! She gets on her knees and starts sucking my hard cock! It’s her way of showing her appreciation for my gifts! Her hand rubs my balls gently while her tongue does amazing work on my cockhead. She sits on top of the dinner table, spreading her legs wide open so I can ram my hard dick deep inside her gushing cunt. I can feel her pussy around my cock. Her pussy is so wet and warm. I move to a nearby chair, sitting on it, and making her sit on my lap, impaling her pussy on my erection and making her ride me in reverse cowgirl position. She tells me she gets very turned on when I give her lingerie, and all she can think about is letting me fuck her hard while she wears it just for me. She gasps and presses her hips down, contacting her pussy tighter around my penis. I take our naked maid to the couch, putting her down on all fours, holding her hands behind the small of her back and fucking her doggie style from behind. Her sexy ass bounces against me when I slamm her from behind. I lie on my back and she hops on top, riding me in cowgirl position and begging me to cum all over her body so she can taste my delicious cum and I can leave cum stains all over her sexy lingerie! 