This hot blonde MILF is working on her garden when she spots Megan and her boyfriend, the sexy teen couple from next door, who have decided to help her out with her bushes. Megan is a sexy brunette doll and her boyfriend is hot and the sexy cougar has a naughty idea involving the seduction of this cute teen couple! She “accidently” sets the garden hose on the teen girl, soaking her. This is the perfect excuse to take her inside to her laundry room, where she can change into dry clothes. The teen girl knows what’s going on and she likes it, she’s into boys and girls and she has a soft spot for sexy blonde cougars like her neighbor. Once the girls are alone in the washing room, the cougar helps the teen out of her wet clothes while fondling her firm breasts and sucking on her perky nipples. She helps the blonde undress, admiring her sexy bubbly butt and spanking it. The cougar puts the young girl over the counter and spreads her legs wide open, sinking her wet tongue into her snatch, separating her tender pink pussy lips and licking her gushing slit. Her slick tongue travels down all the way to her asshole and stimulates it too. The girl is on fire feeling that expert tongue exploring her fuck holes. Megan’s boyfriend comes in looking for them and finds the sexy girls naked and wrapped up in a hot lesbian make out session. He likes what he sees, as the naked girls get on their knees, pulling his pants and boxers down and releasing his huge dick, the same one Megan has told the cougar about so many times! The MILF stuffs her voracious mouth with it, feeling it growing bigger and harder inside it as she blows it. The sexy teen gets turned on watching the cougar blowing her boyfriend and joins her, sucking his hard cock and licking his big balls, swapping his delicious precum back and forth, mixed up into an exotic cocktail with their saliva. The MILF decides to teach these two college students about what a good fucking is! The girls go to the bedroom, were the cougar gets her boyfriend’s cock hard, sucking and stroking it as Megan straddles herself atop and pushes it inside her tight cunt. She rides it with the cougar grabbing her tits and rubbing her wet muff. The mature blonde lies on her back, with Megan sitting on her face, eating her out while her boyfriend is pounding her dripping wet pussy in missionary position. The guy feels a rush of power knowing this woman wants his cock too, needs his cock and slams into her, over and over. She kisses her full on the lips, tasting her snatch on them. She feasts on her big tits and puffy nipples, turned on watching her boyfriend fucking the mature slut. She calls her a bitch and a slut and a whore, sucking her boyfriend’s cock and then the cougar’s cunt until he’s ready to blow his load, blasting hot cum all over the sexy sluts. They lick it off each other’s faces and bodies and off his big hard cock too! Two stunning, hot girls who really make this scene. Fucking amazing. Will never get tired of Megan, ever!   It’s every guys fantasy, getting to fuck your girlfriend and her smoking hot mature mom in a steamy threesome and it happens right here! These young teen girls are hot and sexy, but these mature women are even hotter, far more experienced and very, very horny! These MILFs enjoy seducing young girls and boys so they can have lesbian action with the girls, suck the guy’s hard cocks and get their mature fuck holes stuffed, pounded and glazed with loads of hot, sticky cum in sensational hardcore threesomes! Cum check out all the videos!