Watch this beautiful, skinny brunette teen goddess with tiny titties trying on sexy lingerie in front of the camera. She puts on a hot schoolgirl outfit with a cotton top, ruffled checkered skirt and thigh high socks, grabs her notebooks and backpack and heads to classes. She sneaks into the classroom were the teacher she has a crush on is, and asks if she can stay with him in the classroom, doing her homework while he corrects some tests. Fantasizing about him and his hard cock and gets her so turned on, she pulls her panties aside and stimulates her dripping wet pussy with one of her markers. It slides between her pussy lips and rubs her clitoris, mmmm, I love young shaved pussies! She’s dreaming about her teacher licking her pussy, gently fondling her breasts, fucking her little pussy. She’s dreaming about this hard sexy cock sliding up between her legs, pushing its way deep into her bare, naked pussy. Her top is pulled over her small breasts as she masturbates in front of her teacher, moaning so hard, her startled teacher looks her way and realizes what’s going on! He explains to her that her conduct is not appropriate, but the little slut tells him she just can’t control herself in his presence, her little pussy is dripping wet! She gets down on her knees, searching for his hard cock under his slacks, taking it in her soft hands, sucking and stroking it. The feeling of his hard cock in her mouth is amazing, she has never tasted a cock before and it is such a strange feeling to feel something pulse in the mouth. Her teacher knows this is breaking every rule in the book but his student is so fucking hot and sexy! Holding his thick shaft at the base, she gently licks and sucks the tip and moves down his hard rod. She strokes and licks his member, sucking on his balls, popping them in her mouth and soaking them in her warm saliva. She also seemed as such a quiet, shy, innocent student, he had no idea she was such a slut! It’s always the quiet ones, they say! She drools on his cock and spreads it with her lips and fingers while he caresses her soft silky hair. Kissing her lips, he sits the young 18 year old girl over his desk, pulling her school skirt up to her hips, spreading her legs wide open and giving us the perfect view of her hot little pussy. The horny teacher begins to kiss her pink pussy, softly. His tongue moves inside her vagina, gently parting her pussy lips, it makes her moan and squirm. His mouth and his tongue send waves of pleasure through her young, sensitive body. He’s the first man who performs oral sex on her, tongue fucking her wet pink slit. She bites her lips as she enjoys his slippery tongue exploring every nook and cranny of her gushing pussy and even stimulating her tight asshole! She’s never been rimmed before, it feels so good! After eating her out, he pushes his hard cock deep inside her tight cunt, fucking her very hard over his desk.   The teacher’s hot hard cock feels so good deep in her vagina. She loves the feeling of the teacher’s hard, hot, big cock moving in and out of her tight, stretched pussy hole. Then he makes the naked schoolgirl stand, bending her over the desk, ramming his cock down her slit and pounding her hard from behind. While doing so she feels his thumb making its way into her tight asshole, stretching it out while he keeps fucking her, the double stimulation makes her squirm as she climaxes. Her pussy juices are oozing out of her pussy around his cock and running down his balls. He grabs her juicy bubble butt with his hands, slapping her butt cheeks, spanking his student for being so naughty. She enjoys getting fucked, disciplined and punished by her teacher. She straddles herself on top of his lap and rides on his hard cock until he blows his creamy load all over her beautiful face and her open mouth. She can’t wait until the next school day! Don’t miss more young, small, tiny naked girls getting their pussies destroyed by big cocks!