This hot brunette slut has been left house sitting. Her mom is trying really hard to trust her, but she can’t help calling to make sure she’s being a good girl. She is, if placing a sex ad at an online hook up site reading “Hot Slut Needs Cock” qualifies as being a good girl. She hangs up with her mom, her ad already got a reply and a total stranger is on his way to have hot, anonymous sex with her! When he arrives, he goes inside and finds the young teen slut in her mom’s bedroom, dressed in sexy black lace lingerie and stockings and masturbating herself. The first guy who shows up just so happens to have a huge cock! He whips out his big hard cock and she wraps her wet lips around it, sucking and stroking it with a devilish look in her beautiful eyes. She slowly deep throats his erection, thick ropes of drool dripping from her lips and chin as he pushes her face against his crotch. She swallows his long dick and his balls are slapping her chin. Face fucking is the best. She is a genuine slut! This little nympho gets down on her hands and knees on her mom’s bed, soaking her hand on all that drool dripping from her mouth and applying it to her pussy as the stranger penetrates and fucks her doggie style from behind. But will she be able to take this stranger’s giant dick up her tight teenage ass? They both strip naked and he puts her sideways, she can feel his thick rod stretching out her anal sphincter as he pushes his hard cock deep inside her asshole and gives her a hard-core anal pounding. He presses her hot naked body against his own while fucking her butt. The sexy naked girl spreads her legs wide open, rubbing her gushing pussy with her fingers while getting anal from this total stranger. He lies on his back and she stands over him, her back facing his way as she squats over his towering rod and impales her asshole on in, anally riding him in reverse cowgirl position. What would her mommy think of her if she were to walk in right now and find her daughter getting butt fucked by a total stranger on her bed! Just thinking about it makes her squirm as the stranger fucks her ass, rubs her muff and makes her suck on his fingers. He puts her back on her hands and knees and penetrates her anally doggy style from behind, leaving her with a gaping asshole while filling her filthy mouth with lots of cum! EVERY facial should be like this! Please spread the cum around the face including forehead just like in this scene. Well done!!! She’s cute, perfect and all natural. She does anal she’s a real winner and I definitely want to see more of her. Lana shows why she’s currently one of the top young girls in the industry, just brilliant. 