After many months of hard work and careful planning I finally started my very own yoga practice, and to celebrate I had my best friend help me out, filming it with his camera as I lead my four gorgeous female students through the session, but as it turns out, the girls were far more interested in our hard cocks than in the yoga session! My friend was the first to notice it, since he was filming the girls and noticed one of them reaching over to her friend, tugging down on her yoga pants, exposing her juicy bubble butt in a sexy lace thong to the camera! Another one flashed him her sexy titties, and her friend sucked on them, showing her own and having the other girl lick her nipples! My friend sat down and the girls swarmed around him, sucking and stroking his hard cock while I kept giving my class, not realizing I had already lost them, LOL! Suddenly I looked over and saw my friend getting pleasured by the girls in my class. I couldn’t believe it, but it’s not like I was going to get upset. I may have lost my students, but I gained four hot fuck buddies! While two of them stayed with my pal, the other two came to me, getting down on their knees, wrapping their wet lips around my hard cock and giving me head too! The girls stripped naked and took our clothes off too, they were totally turned on and the young girls wanted to fuck! We sat side by side while the naked girls took turns straddling themselves atop our laps and riding on our hard cocks! My friend and I kept looking at each other, we just couldn’t believe that this was actually happening! Since the yoga mats were there, we put them to good use, placing the girls on their backs and fucking them in missionary position while their friend sat on their faces so they could get their dripping wet pussies licked and sucked. This wasn’t so much different than a yoga class, we were going from position to position, getting in touch with our inner self, learning how to breathe as we fucked and fucked! The four naked sluts wanted us to cum together in their mouths! Not too many girls like guys to cum in their mouths, or all over their faces and tits, but these sluts love it! After this, my friend and I continued with more and more girls, teaching a sexual yoga class! 