My sexy brunette stepsister sneaked into my bedroom while I was asleep in the morning after her friends told her all about men and morning wood. She wanted to see for herself and knowing that I sleep naked she sneaked into my room and pulled the bed sheets, exposing my huge throbbing erection. I woke up and found my step sister touching my morning wood, caressing and fondling it softly with her hands! She told me that mom and dad weren’t home so it was okay, as she took my big dick in her mouth and started giving me head! She looked so fucking sexy licking my cock like a lollipop. My dick was already as hard as a rock as it gets every morning, so it’s not like I was about to stop her! I usually have to get rid of morning wood masturbating in the shower, this was a much better alternative! She stripped naked and continued giving me head, slurping my shaft all the way down to the base. I couldn’t believe I had my step sister naked on my bed and sucking my cock. She must have sucked on it for an hour straight on my morning wood wouldn’t subdue, so she straddled herself on top, pushing it inside her tight pussy and riding me in cowgirl position. This was amazing! Her tight pussy was like a velvet glove on my cock. I was holding her by her sexy butt cheeks as she pushed her pelvis up and down my rod, moaning and grunting, screaming with pleasure. Good thing our parents were away or her screams would have exposed both of us. She spit on her pussy and I rub her saliva all over her slit on my dick, using it as lube as we kept fucking. The sight of her beautiful tits made me fuck her faster and harder. Her sexy body quivered and I felt her pussy clinch my cock. I knew for sure she was having an orgasm. I wanted to fuck her doggie style, so I put her down on her hands and knees, fascinated by that delicious round bubble butt as I stretched out her pussy lips with my hard cock, penetrating and fucking her from behind. I grabbed her waist and fucked her from behind, deeper and deeper. My balls were slapping against her pussy. Then she told me that she wanted to get fucked missionary style. I love girls with initiative! I dragged her to the edge of the bed, spread legged her, pumping her bald pussy with my throbbing morning wood. Her pussy was shaven smooth apart from a small triangle of hair above her clit. She wrapped her legs around my waist, making me fuck her harder. She held on to the bed sheets, fingered her pussy and massaged her nice tits for me. I got on my back and let her straddle herself back on top so she could continue riding my pole. While she did so, I stimulated her pussy with my fingers, watching her sexy naked body squirming with lust and pleasure. Her pussy was so warm and wet as it convulsed around my probing fingers. She wrapped her arms around me and practically squeezed the life out of me as her climax hit her hard.   She fell onto me and we laid together on my bed. I was ready to cum, she opened her mouth wide as I blasted hot spunk all over her beautiful face and in her mouth. She told me she would come back next morning for more! Now I don’t have to worry about my morning wood anymore, my sexy stepsister sneaks into my bedroom every morning and takes care of it! Can she take that massive rod up her tight little ass next time? Dont miss more amazing amateur sextapes with young naked girls and hot MILFs by the link above: Step-Sister Ambushed In The Shower, Family Style Creampie, Forbidden Cock Is the Best Cock, Young Cum For Step Mom, Deflowering My Step-Sister, Step-Sister = Fuck Doll, Teaching My Step-Sisters To Love Cum, The Creepiest Creampie On The Web!