Moving into a new place can be a bitch, so when this guy sees the moving truck in front of his building, he looks for the new tenants to see if he can lend a helping hand, because that’s the kind of guy he is. He is received at the door by a beautiful blonde babe. Daaayum she fine as hell! What a tight little slut! This beauty is the classic cute and petite girl-next-door. With her model-beautiful face and extremely spankable round ass, this babe has no shortage of guys. She is married, but her husband won’t arrive at their new home until the next day so she could really, really use his help, especially with all those heavy boxes. While helping her up the ladder with some stuff, he grabs her juicy bubble butt to make sure she doesn’t fall. She’s wearing tight denims and on her way down, she rubs her ass against his crotch, feeling his throbbing erection under his pants! She rubs his bulge with her hands, telling him he’s been so nice helping her, she wants to be nice to him too and help him out with that huge erection! Her sexy accent, pouty lips and big tits turn him on as the sexy new neighbor sucks and strokes his thick sausage. While eating his cock he gets a call from her husband, talking with him while giving her neighbor oral sex. She even hands him the phone, so her husband can meet the nice helpful neighbor! He probably feels good knowing his wife is in good hands, LOL! She looks amazing sucking dicks with her big lips, and her fuck skills are great too. He hangs up as she pulls her top over her big tits and leans against the ladder, lifting her legs as she pushes his hard cock deep inside her dripping wet gash and starts fucking her in her new apartment! He strips her naked and puts her down on all fours, pounding her muff doggy style from behind. They break in her new place by fucking in every single room! He puts her in missionary position, spread legged as he feeds her wet snatch with his dick meat. She rubs her beautiful pussy while bouncing up and down his hard rod in reverse cowgirl. Her body is so fucking perfect. Everything perfect, she is the perfect girl, perfect body, perfect face, perfect ass, perfect boobs, perfect face, lovely eyes! Wow I love seeing her suck dick and getting fucked. She’s so fucking sexy. He finally cums, blasting hot and sticky cum all over her big tits and slutty face! His hot cum squirting in her face sends her to heaven. Cumshot is legendary, one of the best! And this hot blonde takes it in a great way, she looks great covered in cum. She is so beautiful after that facial. I could drop my load to this girl everyday. She’s the complete fucking package! The cum streams down her face, and her pussy spasms at the sight. She looks like she’s drowned in cum. Her blond hair is plastered down flat with huge, sticky clumps of it. Her mouth is open in a gasp as it rolls down her face and body in gooey pieces. Her tits and stomach are completely glazed as the cum rolls down her body. She looks like she’s just lost a pudding-wrestling contest. It is the sexiest, nastiest, most erotic thing I’ve ever seen. 