I’m married and I love my wife but I also love cheating with my hot, young, sexy coworker in the hotel room where we are staying during a business trip. She knocks on my door and invites herself in, taking off her coat. She’s wearing a sexy lingerie outfit underneath and she looks absolutely stunning! I still remember her, when she came in for an interview. When I asked her if she had any special talents, she got down on her knees and gave me a blowjob that blew my mind and made me hire her on the spot! The same kind a blowjob just giving me right now in the hotel room, sucking and stroking my hard cock with a dirty look on her face. She drools all over my member, spreading it with her hands while jerking me off and biting her lips. I lie flat on my back on the bed with a fabulous view of the city and her delicious bubble shaped ass when she straddles herself on top, riding me in reverse cowgirl position, looking over her shoulder, making sure I’m enjoying every single second of fucking her brains out. She makes that beautiful ass bounce on my lap, grinding it and twerking it like a nasty whore. Then she flips over, her pussy still stuffed with my member, riding me in cowgirl position. She pushes her firm tits over her bra, her nipples are so hard and erect. She fingers her young pussy, rubbing it while moaning and grunting. She gets on her back and I drag her to the edge of the bed so I can pound her hard in missionary position. Her pussy is perfectly shaved, always ready for my cock. Unlike my wife, she never complains of being tired, she never has a headache, she never bitches if I cum before her. She’s here to be my whore, my slut, my bitch and to satisfy her coworker. I continue fucking her brains out while my poor wife is probably back home cleaning the house or watching some boring soap opera on the TV. Meanwhile, I’m fucking my hot coworker and blasting lots of hot and sticky cum all over her slutty face and her open mouth. After our work meeting, will fuck some more in her room! 