If you wanted to see young girls masturbate and pee here’s your chance. I met these two beautiful young and open-minded girls at a local café. A sexy brunette and a hot blonde, both wearing orange, the girls were flirting with me from their table and invited me to join them. These girls were hot, wild and exhibitionists! A quick glimpse up her skirt reveals that the girls not wearing any panties. The blonde spread her legs, hiking up her dress and showing me her shaved snatch underneath! Wow! I was blown away! They made out at the café and I followed them down the street, as they walked hand-in-hand, stopping randomly to make out some more, flashing their hot naked bodies for any curious passerby to watch and enjoy. They told me they were girlfriends, but they love exhibitionism and they wanted me to join them for a hot afternoon session, playing voyeur for them! The blonde bent over, exposing her ass while her friend spread her butt cheeks, giving me a full view of her asshole and pink pussy burger as she slapped her girlfriend’s naked ass! They started making out some more, exposing their beautiful naked butts. The brunette sat on a bench and masturbated with the blonde’s help and her young pussy began to squirt! She rubbed her clit right there, squirting all over the place, and her girlfriend helped her by fingering her as well. Peeing and squirting fans make sure you don’t miss this video. I couldn’t wait to get back home with them! There I watched them getting naked, masturbating and having hot lesbian sex while I observed them. They spread their pussy lips wide open with her fingers, tongue fucking each other, gushing as they delighted in each other’s juices. The blonde was sucking on her girlfriend’s long labia, and sticking her tongue deep into her wet pussy. Two young naked girls couldn’t stop masturbating, squirting, licking their sensitive clits, licking butthole, squirting in each other’s face. They rimmed their assholes, sinking their tongues real deep and then the blonde spread her legs and let her lesbian lover introduce her entire fist inside her pussy, stretching it out to the max! Then the naked girls grabbed a big rubber cock, placed it on the floor and took turns riding it. I never felt so jealous of a rubber dick! Together, they had two days of fun, sex, orgasms and kinky play with each other. 