While their parents are not home, this guy and his best friend are having some fun with his cute stepsister, all playing together in the pool. She’s so damn tiny; they are tossing her around like a fucking pool ball! As part of their fooling around, he snatches her bikini top, and she runs topless after him trying to get it back. Her stepbrother is so tall, there’s no way she can reach to grab it back, so she reaches low, grabbing hold of his big bulge! The girl can’t help noticing how big it is and how hard it is throbbing while doing so… He gives her the bikini, grabs her and takes her to the couch. He can’t believe she actually grabbed his dick, so she grabs it again, and his friend’s too! They are both so fucking hard! The tiny girl drops to her knees, pulling down on their wet swimming trunks, releasing those big throbbing members, taking them in her hands, sucking and stroking them hard. She knows how wrong this is, but it feels so good! She takes turns letting them fuck her mouth, thrusting their large sausages down her throat, making her choke and gag on them, drenching them with her drool as they massage and fondle her tiny titties. While she strokes her best friend’s dick, her stepbrother bends her over the couch and she can feel him ramming his huge cock deep inside her tight cunt, slamming her hard from behind. She can’t believe it’s actually happening, she’s getting fucked by her very own stepbrother and having a threesome with him and his best friend in their parents’ home! His fat cock feels so good inside her and her little pussy is so tight around it. After spit roasting her, she sits on the best friend’s lap, his meaty sausage buried in her pussy while she rides him in reverse cowgirl position, sucking and stroking her stepbrother’s delicious cock. He lies down on the couch so she can get on top, pushing his dick inside her, pumping her in cowgirl position. She presses her hot naked body against his, leaning over so she can tend to his best friend, sucking and stroking his dick too. She makes her juicy bubble butt bounce up and down her stepbrother’s lap and he slaps his beefy salami against the crack of her ass, popping it back inside her snatch. She sits back on his best friend’s lap, he spreads her tender butt cheeks with his hands while plowing her and her stepbrother stands behind the sofa so she can suck and stroke his dick. Then he puts the naked girl back on her hands and knees, banging her from behind while she gives his friend more oral sex. They make her stand, bending her over and spit roasting her in standing position. They even flip her over, spit roasting her upside down and fucking her fast and so deep. She begins cumming over and over, to the point they have to stop for a while to allow her to compose herself for the double-facial cumshot. What can be better for a teen slut than tasty, thick, warm, cum from a hard cock? Double cumshot right in her mouth! The friends both produce such ridiculous loads, that it fills up her throat and overflows into her mouth. The tiny girl looks amazing with the amount of cum running down her face and through her hair. What better way to spend the weekend than fucking with her stepbrother and his best friend?   Small teens LOVE giant gocks! ExxxtraSsmall is filled with hot, 18 year old, under 100 lbs teen sluts that love taking off all their clothes in front of the camera so they can get down on their knees, sucking and stroking these huge cocks that hardly fit in their mouth. Check out the hottest teen sluts stuffing these narrow pussies, getting their tight pussies stretched out and pounded hard by massive erections pumping loads of creamy cum all over their faces, drenching their tits and bubble butts in hot spunk. These tiny girls are awaiting your large dick!