This cutie 18 year old schoolgirl is new in town and at her school. She doesn’t know anybody yet and she hasn’t made any friends so she’s feeling really sad and strung out. When she comes back to her place and has a breakdown, her neighbor down the hall comes to check on her to make sure she’s feeling okay and to let her know that she can count on him for whatever she may need. It feels so nice being paid attention to, the sexy girl wants to let him know she appreciates it and they start making out on her bed. The girl needs some comfort and she is hugging her teddy bear. But what she really wants to hug is a thick cock! He starts taking off his clothes as they kiss and touch, she can’t believe how hot and handsome he looks naked, and how big and hard his throbbing erection is. He hikes up her checkered skirt and pulls her cotton panties aside, exposing her wet slit. This 18 year old pussy looks ablosultly amazing. She’s the sexy college girl you daydream about fucking! So pretty and so sensual. She is the sexiest woman on earth. This beautiful young slim girl can do anything for you, and is ready to make your fantasies come true. Get comfortable, because with a body this banging, she is about to take the porn world by storm and pervs the world over could not be more excited! The teen girl is so turned on right now. All of a sudden, she feels his slick tongue pushing its way into her tight asshole, stretching out her anal sphincter and making her feel an intense wave of hot pleasure unlike anything she’s ever felt before. Her eyes practically pop out of her sockets as she feels his tongue wriggling in her asshole as he strokes his hard neat with his strong hands. She never imagined an ass licking could make her feel so much better! He puts her down on her hands and knees, sliding her cotton panties down her thighs and pushing his juicy dick deep inside her tight cunt, fucking her doggy style from behind. You can only imagine the sensations he’s feeling as her tight pussy clamps around his meat, drowning it with her hot juices. She spreads her butt cheeks with her hands and looks over her shoulder as he fucks her and she pushes her ass back up against his dick, it feels so hot ad sexy! She sucks and strokes his delicious member while he removes her clothes, leaving her totally naked as he straddles her on his lap, her back facing his way, riding on his cock in reverse cowgirl position. The teen slut rubs her muff while he pushes her petite body up and down his long shaft. Having a boy inside her is the best feeling ever.   She climaxes so hard while rubbing her pussy as he fucks her hard and he makes her kneel over one of his thighs and penetrates her, fucking her from an odd angle. Flat on her back, he pushes her to the edge of the bed, kissing her soft neck while fucking her in missionary position. She continues rubbing her muff and stimulating her clit while he’s thrusting that powerful erection in and out of her gushing cunt, making her feel as many orgasms as she needs for her hot naked body to release endorphins that make her feel in such a better mood! She can’t stop cumming, the orgasms are coming in waves as he keeps fucking her faster and harder. He grabs her hair with his hand and starts to shoot in her cute face, and the first shot of hot cum lands on her open mouth, she’s moaning in ecstasy, awesome! From now on, every time she’s feeling a bit sad, she’ll just knock on his door so he can fuck her brains out and cum all over her pretty face!