My best friend’s slutty sister heard about the size and girth of my cock and she just couldn’t help but sneaking in the bathroom and seeing it with her own eyes! She didn’t remove the flash on her smart phone, so when she started taking pictures of my cock, I busted her! She tripped into the bathroom, ending up on her knees, just inches away from my huge throbbing member! She looked so fucking sexy and hot, I decided she deserved a close up look at my virile member. After making sure she wouldn’t tell my best friend about it (I didn’t want to blow my friendship if he found out I was fucking his sister) I let her start sucking and stroking my cock. The sexy redhead gobbled it up and I helped her off her clothes, admiring her beautiful big tits and smoking hot naked body. I massaged and fondled her breasts, pushing them together, feeling her perky nipples with my fingers while I felt her hands all over my hard cock and balls. I made her bend over the bathroom counter, sliding my fingers up and down her wet slit and ramming my hard cock deep inside her cunt, penetrating and fucking her from behind while she looked at herself in the mirror, admiring how sexy she let while getting fucked by her brother’s best friend’s huge cock. I took her to the living room, sat on the couch and straddled her on top, impaling her dripping wet snatch on my huge cock and making her ride it in reverse cowgirl position while she held her tits in her hands and cupped them. If a woman is up for the challenge of climbing my huge cock, she’s guaranteed an experience she won’t forget. She rides my cock like the real slut she is as she finally gets the dicking she’s been waiting for all day! She took me balls deep into her pussy. My balls were slapping against her clit each time I pounded into her. I cradle her in my arms and she wrapped her legs around my waist, fucking this sexy bitch standing position. Next I made her stand and lean over, lifting one of her legs and fucking her from behind while standing. When she got tired, I let her sit on the couch, spreading her legs wide open and pumping her cunt in missionary position. She continued teasing me with her tits, pushing them together and massaging them, letting me know how bad she wanted me to cum all over them. I pulled out of her dripping wet cunt and sprayed lots of hot and sticky cum all over them and now we fuck whenever my best friend is not around! 