I think this video deserves a porn oscar! This tiny blonde girl has the house to herself, since her parents are away for the weekend and she is masturbating herself on the couch while waiting for her boyfriend to come over. She leaves the front door open, so he can go inside and join her on the living room couch. As she whips out his big hard cock and begins sucking and stroking it, this horny couple doesn’t realize they’re not alone! A beautiful blonde masked burglar has broken into the house! Meanwhile, the sexy blonde teen cups her boyfriend’s balls in her soft hands while gobbling up his delicious meat sausage, deep throating it all the way down to the base. She drools all over his huge dick and spreads it with her tongue. While she’s cleaning up his cock, the burglar is cleaning up her house! The naughty teen straddles herself on top of her boyfriend’s cock, pushing it deep inside her tight cunt, riding him in reverse cowgirl position. The burglar finally reaches the living room and finds the horny teens fucking on the sofa. She hasn’t fucked in a long time, and gets very excited by just watching the two youngsters, rubbing her cunt over her tight leggings as she walks closer to them, sneaking up behind them. When they realize she is there, they are scared to death! The kids beg her not to hurt them, but she has no intention of doing them harm. Quite the contrary! She wants to give them lots of pleasure! She retrieves a huge rubber cock from her duffel bag, strapping it around her waist as she sits on the couch, grabbing the petite blonde teen, straddling her on top, placing her into a full sex Nelson and ramming that big rubber dick deep inside her tight cunt, viciously fucking her while her shocked boyfriend watches! The little boy also wants to shove his throbbing cock into his girlfriend’s cunt. They take turns fucking her hard, her boyfriend with his big dick and the sexy burglar with her incredible strap on cock. She’s putting the tiny girl in a vaginal full nelson while sucking his dick. They spit roast her and then both naughty girls take turns sucking and stroking the boyfriend’s big dick, fucking together in a steamy threesome until he blows his load all over the burglar’s big tits and watches the girls swapping his cum back and forth! Being robbed by a sexy blonde is hot! 