Take a look at this young naked girl cleaning the cum out of her pussy, using her fingers to scoop more from the hole! This teen has been feeling horny all day long and even after masturbating several times she is still turned on, so she strips naked and takes a hot shower, lathering up and rinsing her hot naked body under the hot water. Suddenly, she feels a presence behind her and hands grabbing her hips. As she looks back, she realizes her stepbrother is totally naked in the shower, and she can feel his big erection throbbing against her butt. Wow, he’s so engorged! She wouldn’t do this normally, but she’s so fucking turned on and she needs cock so bad, it doesn’t make a difference if it’s her stepbrother’s. Matter of fact, it does make a difference, it makes the whole experience even hotter! He gets on his knees and starts licking her from her navel and moving all over her midriff, sliding down as he straddles one of her legs over his shoulder and eats her out while she massages her tits, feeling how hard and erect her nipples got due to her own step brother eating her out. His tongue is more than welcome in her dripping wet snatch and she tussles his hair while feeling it wriggling inside her, hitting every button. She had no idea he was so good at oral sex, if she would have known, she would have invited him to the shower a long time ago. She wants to reciprocate, so she gets on her knees, sucking and stroking his delicious member, feeling the salty precum dripping from the tip inside her mouth. The horny little girl deep throats him and lubes up his shaft with her warm saliva, looking into his eyes most of the time. She wants his cock in her pussy. She wants his cock in her mouth. She wants his cock up her ass. She wants all of him. She wants it now! The naked girl stands and leans against the shower panel, spreads her lovely ass cheeks for him and he penetrates her from behind. He is squeezing her tits with his hands while pounding her from behind, awesome! He turns his little naked step sister over, straddling a leg over his arm while fucking her face to face, it feels so intimate, so hot and sexy. She wraps her legs around him and pulls him deeper into her. His hard cock feels so good in her. He starts thrusting hard into her and she meets every thrust with one of her own. He is fucking her hard and she loves it. Their movements are quickened, he feels her nails digging into his back as she arches her hips, moaning and shivering with her orgasm. He lies on the floor and the insatiable slut rides him in reverse cowgirl, since her parents aren’t home, she can scream at the top of her lungs with every thrust of her stepbrother’s cock deeper inside her wet pussy. She’s so turned on, she asks for the unthinkable, for her stepbrother to cum inside her! “Oh, please don’t stop fucking me. Oh yes…I’m gonna cum! I’m gonna cum!” At that moment she feels his prick begins jerking inside, the hot jets of his semen spurting into her vagina. Cum shoots out of his cock each time he pumps into her, his slippery semen is oozing out around his thrusting penis. A huge sticky creampie oozing from her gaping pussy is the end of this slut showering together with her stepbrother! 