My sexy blonde girlfriend and I had just finished having breakfast and we were cleaning up the dishes in the kitchen when I started fucking with her, shooting ice cubes into her cleavage! What I love about my girl is that she doesn’t get pissed off with shit like this, she plays along. She took that ice cube, pulling down on her tank top strip and rubbing it all over her big left it, letting the icy cold water melting from it drip down her hard nipple. I love it when she teases me like that! I reached over and started playing with her melons, the day was just getting started and my girlfriend was already horny and ready to fuck, and my girl can suck and ride my big hard Dick all day long, man! We moved to the living room where we could get more comfortable and she bit her lip while grinding her hot naked body against me and letting me fondle her big boobs. She has amazing breasts, and I’ve always admired them. They are 32C’s, and though not huge, they are definitely perky and delectable. Her nipples were standing erect. My cock was rock hard as I continued to massage her boobs, feeling her nipples between my fingers, and pleasured them with my fondling and squeezes. My sexy girlfriend pulled down my pants with a big smile on her lovely face, gently kissing the tip of my dick and licking my throbbing member like an ice cream cone. I could feel my cock getting even bigger and harder inside her wet hot mouth as she blew me, slurping my sausage all the way down to the base. While looking me in the eye and eating my cock she played with her big tits, fondling them softly. She climbed up my body, sitting on my lap and feeling my hard sausage penetrating her tight pink cunt and filling her up, ready to ride me in cowgirl position. I was totally lost in the warm feeling of her wet pussy. The feeling of her tight pussy walls around my cock was amazing. There’s nothing better than woman on top. Nothing. She takes control of her own sexual, I like it. And the pleasure of my girlfriend’s hot, wet, smooth pussy sliding up and down on my cock is unbearable. She was grinding her hot naked body against my own, actually squeezing my dick with her pussy. She rubbed her wet cunt as she rode my erection, moaning and grunting, letting me know how much she enjoyed my cock inside her. She likes it when I slap the insides of her thighs while I’m fucking her, sending spasms of lust up and down her body and making her squirm and get closer and closer to an orgasm.   I massaged her meaty tits, pressing them together and feeling the hardness of her perky nipples between my fingertips and then I put her on her back, spreading her legs wide open and fucking her in missionary position while she masturbated herself for me. She cupped her tits in her hands and I grabbed her by her ankles, spreading her kegs to penetrate her even deeper and harder before straddling her back on top, this time in reverse cowgirl so I could play with her juicy bubble butt. I absolutely love the view of a pussy from behind. The little ass hole winking at me, and the pink, already dewy labia wrapped around the shaft. We went back to missionary position, with her touching herself while I banged her hard over the edge of the couch, blasting hot cum all over her body, her big tits and her sexy face while she experienced an intense orgasm and told me wanted us to fuck all day long!