This sexy brunette slut is enjoying her vacations spending a sunny day at the beach, rolling in the sand and letting the sun kiss her soft skin. She makes cute sand angels and draws big dicks in the sand, rubbing it all over her body and her big tits, she needs a huge cock to fuck her so bad! This teen slut is feeling very horny! She makes her very own sand cock and balls and shakes her juicy bubble butt covered in sand. Now she has to get all that sand off her body, so she gets in the shower with her stud, letting all that cold water rinse the sand from her hot naked body. Just to make sure there isn’t any sand left in any nook and cranny of her body, her lover puts her down on her hands and knees, spreading her pussy lips with his fingers and eating her out. After munching on her muff she gets down on her knees, sucking and stroking his big fat cock. Thick ropes of drool drip down her chin and splatter all over her naked body as she gives him sloppy head, drenching his dick and balls in her warm saliva. No kidding – she’s HOT! He sits her on the edge of an outdoor massage table, spreading her legs wide open and ramming his hefty sausage deep inside her tight cunt, spreading her tender pink pussy lips and fucking her hard. He fucks her in missionary position while she rubs her wet muff and massages her tits. He puts her down on all fours, penetrating and fucking her doggy style from behind, holding her wrists behind the small of her back while slamming her hard. She spreads her butt cheeks wide open with her hands and grinds her juicy bubble butt on the massage table and then straddles herself on her boyfriend’s lap so she can ride him in cowgirl position. The beach and sand makes this dirty little slut so horny and nothing can quench the fire in her pussy better than this big juicy cock pumping her wet pussy from every single angle and the dirtiest sex positions until he’s ready to cum in her. By the time he has finished cumming, her stomach and her beautiful pussy are covered in cum and a huge amount of cum is leaking out and down her thighs. Creampie! Maybe she’ll get dirty in the sand again so she gets another fuck! 