My stepsister is a beautiful brunette slut with a smoking hot body, big tits and fabulous blue eyes. Honestly, I’m so jealous of her boyfriend, who gets to fuck her, especially because she’s very open minded and she’s always telling me stories about their sex life. She was getting ready to go out on a date and started talking to me about the piledriver, her favorite position, and she gave me such a detailed, explicit and dirty recount that by the time she was done, I was pitching a tent between my legs! I guess she got turned on telling me about it and seeing my reaction, because she sat on the couch, pulled her tank top and showed me her big tits with a very dirty smile on her face! Looks like she wanted to try out the piledriver with me! Man, her nipples were already erect and perky as she pushed her big tits together and told me how bad she wanted to shove them in my face! She had the most beautiful breasts I have ever seen. They were big, 34D, natural, firm, with a large areola and erect nipples. The stunning green-eyed beauty stood up, peeling her tight jeans down her heavenly bubble shaped ass, spreading her butt cheeks wide open with her hands, showing me her beautiful asshole and pink pussy burger. Man, I was about to cream my pants! Totally naked, she sat on the couch and spread her legs wide open, gently rubbing her pink slit, a sexy patch thin pubic hair over her delicious mound. My horny step sister made me sit across her, crawling between my legs. She gently took my member in her hand, the head of my cock was very close to her open mouth, she wrapped her lips around my slick shaft and began sucking, all the while, her eyes on mine. She was sucking and stroking my hard cock while popping my balls in her mouth and drenching them with drool. What a slut! My slutty step sister gave me the best blowjob ever and told me to lie down as she crawled on top of me, pushing my erection into her gushing snatch and riding me in cowgirl position. She squatted over my lap, making her big tits bounce up and down while riding my cock like a bitch in heat. Her long legs were right there in front of me, her gorgeous breasts and her cunt was completely exposed to my gaze. She began to move her hips violently, and I could literally feel her pussy squeezing my cock. She got up, turned over, squatted back down and rode me in reverse cowgirl, driving me crazy with that delicious round bubble butt. She tossed her head back, pushing herself down against me, slapping her ass cheeks against me, enjoying my hard cock. I put her on her back again, spreading her long legs wide open so I could continue fucking her in missionary position.   That’s when she told me that she wasn’t really going on in the date that night, it was just an excuse to get me turned on with her dirty sex stories so she could get my dick big and hard and enjoy it, letting me know she had been fantasizing about it ever since she became stepsiblings and she masturbated night after night just imagining all the since she would do and let me do to her! So we made a list and just started checking out the items! Of course the piledriver was on the top of the list, I fucked her brains out in that sexy position and blew my creamy load all over her face and big tits! She was catching my cum with her tongue as I was shooting cum every second in her. The horny slut began licking off the cum with her tongue as if it were a magic elixir.