This is what Baywatch should look like!!! Would you love to get between these two hotties!? Is there anything hotter than a slim babe with huge tits in a red swimsuit? Fuck yea, TWO slim hot babes with huge tits wearing red swimsuits. After watching these two beautiful blonde lifeguards pouring some lotion all over each other’s big tits and rubbing them, this dude has to take a swim so he can cool off! Unfortunately, he really sucks at swimming, and the lifeguards have to drag him out of the water after nearly drowning, just a few feet from the shore. Busty lifeguards running is awesome! There’s some slow mo of these two goddesses running on the beach with their tits bouncing up and down! Heavenly bodies! The beautiful lifeguards give him mouth to cock resuscitation, breathing life into his cock, making it throb hard as it gets erect. While the other sexy babe leaves to get more help, this lifeguard puts all her skills into practice to make sure she doesn’t lose this erection. She strips totally naked and straddles herself on top, bouncing up and down the guy’s big sausage while he gropes her big juicy tits. Nothing brings a drowning man back to life like fucking a sexy blonde lifeguard with big hooters! She’s so glad she got to save him! She massages her cunt while getting drilled by his fat dick, she needs to make sure he hasn’t suffered any internal damage, so she will test his hard cock thoroughly. Beach, water, bikini’s and fake titties. My sort of movie. Nothing beats fucking in the outdoors! The guy fades in and out, and when he comes back to his senses, he’s in the lifeguard station, with the two sexy blonde lifeguards making out while massaging each other’s big tits in front of him. The absolute best. This is truly what we want. With Baywatch babes with their tits falling out all over the place. After sucking and stroking his delicious member, the second lifeguard straddles herself on top, pushing it inside her dripping wet cunt and riding him. Two blonde busty fuck dolls in one scene! The babes are amazing in their red swimsuits with their huge boobs hanging out all over the place and their ass in full view. While doing so, her companion sits on his face, pushing her pussy against his mouth so he can eat her out. She plays with her partner’s big tits, sucking on her nipples while rubbing her snatch, his dick and balls. They change positions, with one of the girls sitting over the desk with her legs spread wide open so her friend can eat her out while bending over and getting her dripping wet pussy pounded hard from behind by the guy. Then the naked girls get one on top of the other leaning over the desk so he can take turns fucking each of them with his big hard cock. He flips one of them over; spread eagles her and pounds her wet muff in missionary position while she feasts on her friend’s delicious cunt.   This guy can’t believe how lucky he is. Just a few moments ago he was almost drowning in the beach and now he’s not only alive, he’s getting to have a steamy threesome fuck with the two beautiful blonde busty lifeguards that saved his life! So fucking hot, horny bigtitted, hot ass and so dirty. The girls continue having hot lesbian sex while sucking and stroking his big cock and letting him fuck them hard in many different positions until he finally blows his creamy load all over their sexy faces and her open mouths and watches his sticky spunk dripping down their chins and all over their big beautiful tits! These girls are definitely life savers! Two smoking hot fuck dolls. Nicolette is the hottest girl in porn right now BY FAR… Maybe the hottest I’ve ever seen. Fake tits + fake ass on a tall blonde = WIN. She is bimboplasticfuckintastic! This video is going to be the best porn ever. I’m just gonna go ahead and say it don’t forget to download part two when it is coming out!