This guy is watching the football game with his dad and when he looks over his shoulder he sees his hot blonde teen stepsister spreading her legs wide open and rubbing her pussy over her skimpy shorts! She’s supposed to be studying, but it looks like she’s horny and wants to get some! She’s fucking hot, wearing a tight pink tank top and thigh high cotton socks on just looking at her makes his dick as hard as a fucking rock. Of course there’s not much he can do, his dad is right there next to him, though he’s pretty concentrated on the game, he hasn’t seen him take his eyes off the screen not even wants since the game started. Even during the commercial breaks! He just might have a chance, if he plays his cards right! His horny step sister stands up and pulls the tank top over her head, exposing her beautiful tits and pierced nipples. Since his dad is so focused on the game, he decides to focus all his attention on her sexy tits! He fondles them and starts sucking on her pierced nipples and the hot teen gets on her knees, pulling his pants down and making his throbbing erection spring to life like a fucking Jack-in-the-Box! It almost takes her eye out, LOL! The teen slut latches on to it, sucking and stroking, munching on his balls while her daddy munches on some popcorn, still fixated on the game. They sneak into her bedroom and he puts his naked step sister down on her hands and knees over her bed, ramming his huge cock deep inside her gushing pussy and pounding her very hard from behind doggie style. When he stops fucking her, the dirty little blonde slut pushes her juicy bubble butt back up against his cock, urging him to keep slamming her. He straddles her on top, making her bounce up and down his shaft, shoving his fingers in her mouth so she can suck on them, muffling her screams as he bangs her hard. They almost get caught when the game goes into halftime and her daddy comes wondering where the kids went. As soon as he leaves, she hops back on top of his hard cock and keeps riding it until he blows lots of hot and sticky cum all over her face and tits! 