I met this sexy brunette babe at the park the other day, after checking her out for a while; she started flirting with me, teasing me with her delicious booty. She had this amazing bubble shaped ass and she was wearing these skimpy shorts with the sexy contours of her butt cheeks showing. She knew she was getting my cock as hard as a rock and she liked it and after a while, she finally let me take her back to my place so we could get much more comfortable. There I lifted her top, fondling and massaging her beautiful firm tits, squeezing them in my hands while sucking on those delicious perky nipples. I slid my hands down her smoking hot body, pulling down on her skimpy shorts, with her pulling down on her thong. I could feel her pussy lips, they were wet, but her pussy was extremely tight. I had her naked before me, lying flat on my back as she sat down on my face, burying that delicious pink snatch in my mouth, letting me tongue fuck her. I spread her butt cheeks with my hands, admiring her cute puckered asshole while spreading her meaty pussy lips with my tongue and lapping her wet slit. She was moaning with pleasure and her pussy juices were flooding down into my mouth. I love nothing better than eating a pussy especially in 69. I sat, flipping her over, her shoulders pinned to the floor, rubbing her tits while I stuck a couple of fingers her cunt and masturbated her. I hardly knew her name and she got between my legs, sucking and stroking my throbbing erection with a dirty look on her face, licking my balls and lubing my shaft with her drool. She straddled herself on top, letting my hard cock sink into her delicious snatch, riding me in cowgirl position. Her pussy was gushing as she rode me, flipping over and making her perfect bubble butt bounce up and down my lap. She had sexy tan lines and looked over her shoulder to make sure I was enjoying this as much as she was. I put her on her back and spread her legs wide open, fucking her gushing pussy in missionary position while she held her legs spread apart, her adorable tits bouncing about as I pounded her hard. I pulled out of her clam, ready to cum, blasting lots of hot and sticky cum all over her beautiful face, her open mouth and her sexy tits. Visiting the park was worth my day! 