A few months ago I started a blog about dogging, and decided to go out, hit the street with my camera and find out who’s down for public sex with a stranger! Apparently, this sexy teen slut sure was! This hot blonde was a bit hesitant at first, when I asked her if she was willing to flash her naked tits for some cash, but as soon as they showed her the money, she showed me her beautiful titties! Even this guy going down the street on his bicycle got a good look at them! I was surprised he didn’t crash his bike, LOL! We were off to a good start, so I offered her some more cash for a true dogging experience. She said yes, and I took her to a quiet alley, where she got down on her knees, looking over her shoulders to make sure nobody was passing by, as she started sucking and stroking my sausage. No matter how many blowjobs you got in your life, getting head in public is a totally different experience! The thrill of sneaky, risky sex, maybe getting caught or seen makes your adrenaline rush and your cock get harder than a motherfucking rock. Loved the way her eyes moved while sucking my cock. After sucking my dick the teen girl spread her legs wide open, hiking up her denim miniskirt and showing me her tight cunt, since she was wearing no panties, rubbing and fingering her wet clam. Fantastic pussy! I caressed her wet pussy, which was totally clean shaven, and squeezed her big young pussy lips. I’d have paid her $100 just to finger that really tight pussy but instead of my fingers she wanted my dick deep inside. She massaged her clit while I fingered her, moaning and grunting with pleasure. The more cash I offered her, the further she was willing to go and soon I had her spread legged, massaging her snatch while I fucked her in missionary position outdoors over some picnic table! I attacked the stranger’s pussy, spreading her legs wide and pounding my dick in and out of her rhythmically. She got down on her hands and knees, showing off her juicy bubble butt as I spread her ass cheeks with my hands, thrusting my hard cock deep inside her gushing cunt and fucking her doggie style from behind. Some black guy came closer to her and gave her more cash, lol! I made her spread her ass cheeks with her own hands so I could see her asshole while banging her and she straddled herself on top and rode me in cowgirl position, masturbating herself while impaled on my dick and begging me to cum all over her face and tits so she could swallow all my hot cum, what a dirty fucking dogging slut, I love her! 