This beautiful blonde bride is almost ready to tie the knot and her sexy brunette bridesmaid is helping her slip into her sexy white lace lingerie and gorgeous wedding gown. When she leaves, the groom sneaks in! They say it’s bad luck for the groom to see the bride before the wedding, but this guy can’t help himself from taking a quick trip underneath her wedding dress, pulling her lace white panties aside and licking her pussy slit. She’s surprised to see him there, much more surprised when he lifts her down, dives underneath and she feels his slick, wet tongue wriggling in her pussy! The bridesmaid returns with a bottle of bubbly and a couple of glasses and quickly realizes she’s one glass short, LOL! Looks like they are going to have a pre-wedding threesome! They pull the groom’s pants down, uncovering his massive throbbing erection, fondling his balls as the girls start sucking and stroking his gorgeous member together. The groom is so happy he gets to enjoy the threesome with the bridesmaid before closing the doors on his carefree days of being single. Slowly stripping out of their fancy wedding outfits to reveal natural tits and tight asses the girls lick and kiss his meaty sausage, popping his balls in her wet mouths and sucking them hard. The bride straddles herself on top of his lap, taking his big thick rod in her hands and guiding it into her dripping wet pussy, riding him in cowgirl position while the bridesmaid watches them fucking, rubbing her pussy and massaging her big tits. She lies on her back and spreads her legs wide open as the groom mounts her, fucking her in missionary position, with the beautiful blonde naked bride on top of her, getting her tits and nipples sucked on by the bridesmaid. The bride lies sideways and lets the groom penetrate and fuck her from behind while her bridesmaid finishes getting naked, rubbing her pussy, fondling his cock and balls while they are fucking. The groom sits and the bridesmaid squats over his hard cock, riding him in reverse cowgirl position, pushing her hot naked body up and down while the bride plays with her cunt, masturbating her while watching her big tits bounce about. Naked bride and naked bridesmaid kiss passionately, she probably won’t kiss the groom with as much passion as she’s kissing her. The bridesmaid gets down on her hands and knees, fucked doggie style from behind by the groom, and after banging them both, he blows his creamy load all over their faces and watches them licking it off each other! Looks like seeing the bride before the wedding is good luck after all! 