My next door neighbors and I have been friends for many years and now that their lovely blonde teen daughter turned 18 I love when they are not at home and they ask me to keep an eye on their daughter. More than glad to! She turned into this beautiful, sexy, hot, spunky tease with a drop dead gorgeous body, tiny tits, juicy round bubble butt and a mouth watering pussy and asshole that just makes you wanna stuff her with your cock 24/7! When I come over to make sure she’s okay, I find her totally naked except for her knee high socks, dancing and jumping up and down on her bed. She jumps into my arms and greets me with a wet, sloppy kiss, pushing her tongue down my throat, what a slut! I make her stand on her bed since she’s so petite, munching on her perky nipples while rubbing and fingering her tight clam. We don’t get to fuck much when her parents are around, but now they are gone for a whole week and this is just day one! She gets on her hands and knees, mouth open, sticking her wet tongue out as I grab my throbbing sausage and slap it against it. She sucks it hard with her gaze locked on mine, making sure she’s doing a good job. I grab her head and fuck her mouth, ramming my hard cock down her throat, making her choke and gag on my meat pole. I lie flat on my back on her bed and I make her sit on my face so I can tongue fuck her cunt, her pink pussy lips are so fucking meaty and big! Her pussy became very wet against my mouth, and I smelled and tasted the unmistakeable sweetness of her pussy juice. There is nothing better than eating a smooth, tidy, young pussy. I fucking love it. “I want to feel your balls slap against my pussy. I love to feel my pussy drip as you fuck me and cum right in my face!” I push my big dick inside her and fuck her hard, she rubs her muff while riding me. She turns over and pushes her bubble butt back up against my dick, taking it all in, screaming like a porn star at the top of her lungs. I grope and massage her small breasts while she squats over my rock hard cock as I fuck her faster and harder, pulling her ass toward me. This girl has really nice labia. Her meaty pussy lips drives me wild. I love young girls with big pussies, with fat, thick, beautiful lips. I love how they wrap around my hard cock. I put her down on all fours, making her finger her asshole while I fuck her doggy style from behind. I’m fucking her young pussy and blowing my load all over her slutty face. Her parents can rest assured I’m taking good care of her! 