After her last boyfriend dumped her because she was out of shape, this sexy brunette slut is on the rebound, she even signed up for private classes with a fitness trainer and he is getting her back in shape, baby! She loves working out with him, the way he presses his hot body against hers while they go through the different exercises, how he holds her, the sweat of their bodies as they work out, the incredible sexual tension that leaves her pussy dripping wet after every practice and his huge cock throbbing hard and pitching a tent under his shorts. Today she’s wearing the skimpiest workout clothes she could find at the store, he even bought dump a couple of sizes smaller and it seems to have worked, because after the last exercise, her training bra totally slipped over her tits! incredibly sexy! Coincidentally, she can find the check to pay for today’s training, her boyfriend forgot to leave the money, so maybe she’s just going to have to figure out another way of paying him for his services. The sexy babe drops to her knees, pulling down his shorts. His massive cock springs to life, it’s so big, thick and veiny. The tip is already glistening with precum as she pops it in her mouth, sucking and stroking it like a dirty girl. He holds her head still so he can fuck her mouth, thrusting his long dick deep down her throat and making her choke and gag on it. Thick ropes of saliva drip down her chin and all over his shaft and balls and she spreads it all over them with her soft hands. After devouring his cock they both strip totally naked and she bends down so he can lick her delicious pussy from behind, licking her ass crack from her clit to her anus. Nice natural figure complete with bush! This babe has one of the most beautiful butts I have ever seen! I’d eat and fuck this beauty any time of the day. She fucking drivers me fucking crazy. Gorgeous! The hot naked babe lies flat on her back, spreading her legs wide open so he can ram that huge cock deep inside her gushing pussy and pound the living shit out of her. Her pussy still throbbes from his mouth. She’s been waiting for this moment to happen for so long, she can pretty much taste it! Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful! Incredible deep blue eyes, lovely face, great tits. Real gem of a babe. He’s as big, as hard and as thick as she fantasized and imagined. He alternates between finger fucking her and penetrating her, munching on her big tits, sucking and biting on her nipples. She licks and sucks on them too, as he puts her down on her hands and knees, penetrating and fucking her doggie style from behind. He stops and she continues for him, shaking her juicy bubble butt, pushing it back up against his hard cock, urging her man to keep fucking her. The sight of her ass , her lovely pussy and her flawless 100% natural boobs is fuckin amazing!   She gives her pussy and her slutty mouth a nice workout by deep-throating dick and grinding her dripping wet pussy on his hard cock! He lies on his back so she can straddle herself on top and ride him while rubbing her pussy and she performs a split over the couch, fingering her asshole while he plows her muff, continuing to fuck and masturbate. Her bouncing boobies look amazing! He can’t stop fucking this crazy babe, it feels too good. She tells him to fuck her harder, faster and to empty his nuts into her. He destroys her pussy in all possible sex positions until he blows his creamy load all over her beautiful face and her gorgeous tits. I love the way her cute face with blue eyes looks covered in cum. From now on, they are skipping all the fitness training and jumping straight to what they both love the most, fucking each other! Love this babe and her incredible sucking/fucking. Lets see more vids of this godess.