Who said nerd girls are boring? I met this sexy chick at the college library and have sex with her right there! she was flirting with me, showing me her panties under her dress. Her hand gently touched the mound of her pussy. My cock was as hard as a brick. Slowly I came to her and ran my hands down. We started making out against one of the bookshelves, and I was grabbing her tits over her blouse, but she was a bit worried, since we were not alone. Fucking in a public library is a kinky fantasy and I convinced her to take the risk and feel the rush. My hand slid down her tummy right into her panties. She was soaking wet. She immediately spread her legs for me. We were kissing, one of my hands was busy rubbing her clitoris, the other was rubbing her breasts. She was so hot. She leaned on the shelf as I slid her skirt down her legs, her delicious tits dangling from the top of her long sleeved blouse. She looked around to make sure nobody was watching, fortunately college libraries aren’t very crowded and the few people that were there had their faces buried in their books. Her beautiful naked pussy was inches from my face. I signaled her to hush as I sunk my tongue in her wet gash, eating her out. Her pussy was gushing, man! Dogging in the library had this college girl seriously turned on. I was licking between her pussy like a madman. She brought a nearby chair so she could squat over it, grabbing on to the arm rests as I got below her and continued chewing her beaver as she touched herself and did her best to stiffen her screams. Her juices were all over my mouth and face. I took a finger and rubbed it across her sticky clitand her anus. There I was, finger fucking her in the middle of the library until she was ready for my cock. She pulled my pants down and took my throbbing erection in her soft hands with a big smile on her face. It was raging hard and dripping precum as she took it to her wet mouth, sucking and stroking it with glee. She gave me wicked head and we both stripped fully naked. I lied on my back, she squatted over my dick and lowered herself onto me slowly, taking almost all of me into her hot and wet pussy. Her juicy round ass facing my way as she impaled her cunt on my meaty pole and rode me in reverse cowgirl position. I watched my cock disappear inside her. She put her hands on the bookshelves as she rose up and down, riding my hard cock with long and slow strokes. Her pussy felt so good as she fucked me. I grabbed her hips and held her still pounding my cock into her as hard as I could and pausing with my head resting at the opening of her cunt, feeling her pussy dripping down onto me.   Anybody looking through the books on the shelf could probably see us fucking, but I don’t think they’d complain. These book geeks would be actually happy to get to see a hot naked chick fucking so close up! I sat her on the chair and spread her legs wide open so I could fuck her snatch in missionary position. She massaged her clit as we fucked and I told her I wanted to do her doggy style next to the Snoopy books, LOL! She got down on her hands and knees and I banged her from behind, enjoying that juicy round butt of hers. If anybody was curious about human anatomy and sexuality, they didn’t have to read any books, they were getting a live class today from us! I kept banging this sexy slut until I was ready to blow my creamy load all over her sexy face and her open mouth, making sure we didn’t get any cum on the books! Libraries are filled with knowledge and I really learned a lot about fucking a hot girl in one of them that afternoon!