Girlfriend helps initiate her best friend into being a slut with her boyfriend’s help! When Jonathan met his sexy blonde girlfriend, she was frigid, but he managed to turn her into a sex crazed, cock hungry, cum craving fuck slut, so it’s only natural that she presents him to her best friend, a beautiful blonde babe, to see if he can help her out as well. She’s shy and insecure, but he’s pretty sure they will manage to unleash the sexual beast that lurks inside her. He starts with his girlfriend, making out while she watches. His girl grabs his big fat cock in her soft hands and gives him head, sucking, licking and kissing his member and balls while stroking and jerking his big rod, making it so big and hard while her best friend bites her lips, her mouth watering already and her pussy gushing under her panties. She invites her to join her in tasting his delicious dick and she sits by her side, closing her eyes as she engulfs Jonathan’s boner and slurps it like an ice-cream cone. She pops his balls in her mouth and sucks them hard while jerking his cock, she’s already loosening up to them. The girls start kissing while eating his cock, tasting his precum on their lips and tongues, so exciting and sexy! The girls all get naked and move to the bedroom. He lies on the bed and his girlfriend helps her friend squat over his hard cock and push it inside her tight cunt, riding him in reverse cowgirl while making out passionately with his girlfriend. She rubs her friend’s pink clit while getting fucked by her boyfriend’s cock, it’s such a turn on watching them fuck. She sucks his cock so she can taste her friend’s pussy on it and they teach her how to deepthroat such a big dick, watching her choke and gag as she accepts the challenge and swallows it all the way down to the base! Both girls get down on their hands and knees side by side so Jonathan can take turns fucking them both doggy style from behind and playing with their juicy bubble butts while they make out, finally blowing his creamy load all over their slutty faces and watching them swap his creamy semen back and forth. With a few more lessons, her best friend will be a slut just like her! 