Hearing noises downstairs, this guy grabs his gun to investigate. Indeed, a burglar has broken into the house, and as the home owner goes down, he sneaks upstairs behind his back. His sexy blonde teen daughter is in her bedroom, plugged to her phone and masturbating herself while watching some porn when the masked burglar breaks into her room, making her scream out loud. His father rushes upstairs, and the masked intruder begs her not to blow the whistle. To his surprise, when her dad comes in, she tells him everything is okay, despite the fact that he’s hidden behind the door! The masked burglar is in shock! He doesn’t understand how the tables got turned on him! Yet somehow, he’s the scared one now, and the sexy blonde teen is as chill as can be. Matter of fact, she oozes confidence as she corners the burglar, grabbing his bulge with her hand and squeezing on his throbbing erection, letting him know she expects retribution for the huge favor she just made him. The teen slut takes advantage and drops to her knees and whips out his cock, it’s huge! All that adrenaline has given him the biggest boner ever! Even he’s amazed! She sucks and strokes his delicious cock, having a guy to fuck is so much better than having to masturbate to online porn! She swallows his cock whole, drooling all over it as she deep throats it and jerks it while popping his balls in her wet mouth and polishing them clean. He throws her on her bed, spreading her legs wide open and ramming that big dick deep inside her tight cunt, pounding her hard in missionary position. He is now focused intently on destroying her pussy with his huge cock. She rubs her muff while he slams her hard and straddles herself atop his hard cock so she can ride it in reverse cowgirl. The girl is so hot, great body, great ass and her boobs are fantastic. Seriously, her tits are some of the nice natural ones in porn. They are fucking so loud that her dad comes around to see what’s with the noise and she receives him through the half open door with the masked burglar fucking her from behind while she assures her daddy that everything is okay! Love it when they are about to be caught. After fucking this beautiful little slut hard he pulls out of her tight cunt blowing his hot and creamy load all over her face and he promises the sexy slut to break in on a regular basis just to fuck her! I think this scene is pretty fucking good. I love how she shoves his dick deep down her throat using her face. Shes got nice tits, nice pussy, nice ass, and he fucks her hard. This girl is hot as fuck! 