Nothing can stop a girl when she wants another girl and this blonde is learning this lesson the hard way as she tries to get away from her sexy brunette roommate who is infatuated with her. She jumps her in the hallway, removing her top and exposing her breasts as she kisses the blonde’s lips and fondles her smooth boobs. Damn this girl-girl scene is really fucking hot! I like this aggressive seduction. I really like how she jumps on her back! I like the overall direction of the scene, especially the “I need you so bad I’m just going to fuck you here in the hallway” theme. Out comes the voracious sex fiend. She looks absolutely awesome straight up attacking her friend and practically devouring her. The blonde tries to stop her, but as she feels her sucking on her nipples she feels waves of pleasure running up and down her spine, making her pussy tingle and gush. She finds herself unable to fight back or offer any resistance as the brunette peels away her clothes and leaves her totally naked in the hallway. It’s like her hands have in mind of their own, undressing the brunette, who pushes her face against her bosom so she can munch on her meaty tits and suckle on her puffy nipples. The brunette stands and nails the blonde to the wall, rubbing her muff against her face. The blonde licks her wet slit, devours her gushing pussy juices, finds them intoxicating like the most exquisite of elixirs she has ever tasted. It’s like a natural aphrodisiac turning her on the more she tastes. After eating her out, the brunette spreads her legs wide open and lashes her slick tongue in and out of the blonde’s tight cunt, making her squirm with pleasure as she gets overtaken by a chain of shattering orgasms that leave her breathless and wanting more. The naked girl lies on her back and her new lesbian lover sits on her face and she licks and sucks on her pussy, drinking the juices that drip from her clam. Love the face grinding! She gets down on her hands and knees and feels the brunette’s tongue licking her snatch and moving up, wriggling in her tight asshole, spreading her anal sphincter as she tosses her salad. She had no idea her asshole was such a sensitive area, and she cums several times while getting annilingus from the brunette. She is great at the ad-libbed sexy talk and I love how dirty she gets with the sex with the rimming and all of that. She devours her pink pussy like it is the last pussy n ass on earth lol. Finally, the brunette introduces her to tribbing, scissoring her with her long legs as they rub their dripping wet snatches one against the other. The sensation is so incredible, it naturally leads to more and more orgasms that leave her gushing as the brunette finishes her off on the rug with her tongues! This one is another one for the Girlsway Wall of Fame! 