Mom and daughter shop lifters suck and fuck their way out of jail! This sexy redhead and her blonde mom like to shoplift at the local mall but it looks like today their lucky streak reached its end because the girls got busted by security, and now this guy is ready to call the police and press charges against them. The girls don’t want to and up in jail, so they bargain with him. He’s willing to let them go, after they put out! The girls take off their bras and sweaters and the teen daughter is made to strip totally naked and watch while he plays with her mom’s big meaty tits, undressing her too. He spanks the blonde’s juicy ass and makes her gasp and squirm and makes them get on their knees as he pulls his pants down and introduces them to his big throbbing erection. These mom and daughter have never seen a cock so big, so close, and they are just about to get an even closer look! The girls take turns with his hard cock, sucking and stroking it, kissing and licking his big balls too. They better do a good job or they’ll end up in the slammer, eating pussy for who knows how long. He orders them to sit on his desk, side by side, spreading the mom’s legs wide open and ramming his cock deep inside her pussy. She’s already wet and lubricated by now, as he fucks her in missionary with her naked daughter watching. She’s actually impatient for her turn, she wants to know what it feels like getting fucked hard by that delicious dick. He makes the blonde lean over his desk so he can fuck her doggy style from behind, enjoying her juicy round ass and sits on the chair so she can ride his dick in reverse cowgirl while he fondles and massages her big tits. While fucking her doggy style some more, her daughter sits in front of them and masturbates. They spend several hours getting fucked by him until he finally cums all over their dirty faces and tits and orders them to lick his cum off each other and his cock before letting them go. This has been a learning experience for these two naughty shoplifters. If you get caught stealing, you face the consequences, but sometimes, they are worth facing… and enjoying to the fullest! 