My stepsister is one horny bitch, she’s always teasing me and coming on to me, and I worry someday she’ll take it too far and we’ll end up fucking. She puts on sexy lingerie and lets me rub and massage her pussy and tits when we are alone. We’re sitting outside in the balcony and it’s so fucking hot, I wonder if the people in the other buildings can see us while we frolic. I keep rubbing her cunt over her panties and the cotton fabric is already drenched in her pussy juices. Fortunately our parents are nearby, so it doesn’t get much further than that. A few hours later I find her brushing her teeth in the bathroom, she left the door open on purpose, I know it. She’s wearing really sexy lace panties and my dick is as hard as a rock as she wiggles it for me. I’m grabbing her ass and pulling her panties down, exposing her delicious ass and wet muff, spanking her butt. She tells me to spank her harder. We’re both getting so turned on again, when our parents interrupt us yet one more time. This is turning into torture and a few hours later she’s at it again, teasing me with sexy see-through panties under her skirt in the living room. She takes my hand and shows me to her bedroom, locking the door behind her and pulling down on my pants, letting my huge erection spring to life. It’s finally happening! She’s amazed with its size as she take sit to her wet mouth and begins sucking and stroking it, deepthroating my hefty sausage and drooling all over it, lubing it up as she strips totally naked. The horny bitch realizes there’s no condom, and tells me to shove that massive cock right into her tight asshole! She straddles herself atop, pushing my hard cock into her tight asshole!!! She was so turned on from watching my cock enter her ass. I can feel it stretching out as my cock penetrates her inch by inch until I’m all in and she’s anally riding me on her bed! She rubs her muff while taking my dick up her ass, confessing she’s a filthy anal whore and anted her stepbrother’s cock in her ass since the day we met! I pound her dripping wet pussy and her gaping butthole in several different positions until I blow my load all over her slutty face! Now my stepsis is my sexy anal slut! 