This nice sales guy is trying to help a customer out, but he’s about to face the most demanding customer ever, a smoking hot blonde trying on a sleek dress and demanding his full attention to her needs. He explains that he’s busy with another customer but this bitch doesn’t take no for an answer. She grabs him by his tie and pulls him into the dresser so he can help her. The dress is so tight; he practically peels it off her body, admiring her sensual curves, tight ass and long legs along the way. She’s wearing a sexy thong and before he knows it, she grabs his face and shoves it against her ass, burying it between her luscious butt cheeks. Looks like this girl wants complete service! This stunning blonde flips over, pulls her thong aside and buries his face back between her legs, his tongue wriggling inside her tight cunt, lapping up her gushing juices. She is amazing , what a great body. And with her long blonde hair, Hollywood gorgeous face, and intense appetite for sex, she is so hot and sexy! If you like a very clean smooth pussy slit you’ll love this. This cute girl has a very smooth, bald, almost featureless pussy. But will his dick be the right size to stuff her little pussy? Meanwhile, a couple of customers are waiting outside. He wants to attend the girls, but it’s kind of hard with his demanding customer sucking and stroking his hard cock behind the curtain. The girls don’t quite understand why such a demanding bitch gets so much attention, well, maybe if they were sucking his cock too they’d get it as well. He finally manages to get away from the blonde and attend them. The blond crawls behind the counter and continues eating his dick while he’s charging the other clients. Man, this guy is giving discounts right and left! The girls think it’s some kind of sale, but he’s just happy he’s getting blown! Once these two girls leave, he closes shop so he can devote his full attention to the sultry blonde slut latched onto his hard cock. The beautiful naked girl sits and spreads her long slender legs wide open so he can eat her out, suck her clit, lick her swollen pussy lips. He lies flat on the store’s floor with this blonde bitch straddled on top, riding his big sausage in reverse cowgirl. She has a tight muff and tiny titties, and he pushes her hot naked body up and down his long shaft. Look how good his cock looks between her meaty lips. His balls are slapping against her clitoris with every thrust now as he drives his hard cock deep into her vagina.   She begins screaming with pleasure. His cock feels so wonderful. She lubes up his cock with her mouth, sucking it some more and he puts her sideways and keeps banging her hard from behind with one leg up in the air. She wants to be fucked hard! She wants to be fucked rough and dirty. She wants to be his sex doll. He gets her up and makes her kneel on a chair and bend over so he can fuck her from behind. He usually has a very short temper for demanding customers like her, but she’s a little bit different than the rest, and since he’s getting to fuck the shit out of her pussy, she deserves special treatment. After banging her nice and hard, he blows lots of hot and sticky cum all over her cute face. She jerks his big shaft hard with two hands and lick his head sending several more streams of sticky cum all over her face. She walks out one happy customer. This was one of those days in which he wondered why he still worked in that store, but this bitch reminded him why!