This hot wife is having an affair with her next-door neighbor and she’s making out with her lover by the guesthouse while her husband is working. She drops to her knees, grabbing her lover’s big cock and stuffing her mouth with it, sucking and stroking it. Her husband has neglected her lately, so she could a lover and she loves the way he rams his huge cock down her throat and makes her choke on it. He puts her against the guesthouse door, spreads her legs wide open, hikes up her dress and pushes his cock deep inside her gushing cunt, fucking her hard from behind, nailing her against the door. Her husband hasn’t fucked her like this for years. She wants to keep fucking with her lover, but she doesn’t want to be seen by the neighbors, so she invites him in. The only problem is, she can’t find the keys, so he suggests she goes in through the doggy door and opens up from the inside. She’s half way in, when the lights go on and she finds her husband with flowers in his hands. Looks like he finally decided to put some work into their relationship and took the rest of the day off to surprise her. He would be surprised if he would know her lover is on the other side of the door! Things start heating up on both sides for this cheating wife! She finds herself sucking and stroking her husband’s hard cock while her lover is licking her pussy and rimming her asshole on the other end! She finds this to be quite exciting! She pushes her husband’s dick down her throat while she feels her lover’s huge cock penetrating and fucking her doggy style from behind, pretty fitting since she’s stuck on the doggy door! When her husband tries to drag her in so he can fuck her, he realizes she’s stuck. Well, she’s got the neighbor’s cock stuck inside her! He runs out to catch him and gets locked out, with the neighbor inside the house and fucking his sexy wife! She enjoys the experience, bouncing up and down his hard cock and sucking it hard until he blasts hot cum all over her! Who knows, maybe they can work out a threesome! 