What else can I ask for? My new girlfriend is hot and horny, she comes pick me up for a date wearing this sexy sweater that barely covers her beautiful tits and she lets me play with them while she drives. Tanned, toned, and all-natural, she has the perfect body, and perfect sideboob! On the way back home, after teasing me silly during the whole date, she massages my big throbbing cock over my shorts and pulls over in the middle of the street, spreading her legs wide open and masturbating herself in front of me, even though there are a couple of guys nearby seeing her! She tells me how hot and wet this got her as we get close to home and I just can’t wait to get there and fuck her brains out. We are finally there, and she gets out of the car flashing me her naked tits on the way in. What a slut, I love her so! She crawls up the stairs on her way to the bedroom, pulling her shorts to the side, massaging her dripping wet pink pussy burger and her tender asshole with her fingers and stripping naked for me. When I see her sweet pussy, her naked ass twerking in front of me, she makes my mind lose control! My new GF has the most gorgeous pussy and ass! “Are you gonna watch or are you gonna give me your cock? I want your cock so bad!” She grabs my big hard cock through the staircase rails and starts sucking and stroking it, making loud moaning and grunting sounds while giving me head. I spank her sexy little ass and watch her drooling all over my thick member with that slutty look on her beautiful face. This giggly brunette gags on my thick cock before taking it for a rough, wet ride on the stairs! This woman is the ultimate boner factory! She gets up, leaning over and pushing that big bubble butt, soaked in her drool, back up against my shaft, impaling her clam on it and pushing it back and forth so she can get fucked from behind. I’m buried into her up to my balls and I can feel her round ass cheeks rubbing against me. She squats on the stairs, finger fucking her tight snatch and begging me to feed her more cock, sucking it and stroking it, licking my balls, drenching my erection with her saliva and spreading it all over my cock and balls with her soft hands. She makes me sit and straddles herself atop, rubbing her muff while riding me in reverse cowgirl. I take her big tits in my hands and squeeze them hard like ripe grapefruits. Believe me her 32D boobs are so round and just amazingly soft and mmmmm love her sensitive nipples. Her breasts are almost the ideal size and shape. I use my other hand to rub her clit furiously, she begins to scream with pleasure, I began to feel her pussy as it clenches around my hard cock, she is already reaching climax. I fuck her in mid air while she holds on tight to the stair beams, it’s not unusual for us to end up fucking in the stairs and hardly ever making it to the bedroom!   That’s how fucking hot and horny my bitch is, she’s a motherfucking nymphomaniac slut! “I want your cock to pound the fuck out of my pussy.” I lie on the couch and my naked girlfriend keeps riding me in cowgirl position, I watch her masturbating, her big tits bouncing and her pussy gushing. She jerks my rod with both hands, drenched in saliva and sweat and I fuck her in missionary position as she rubs and massages her pussy and begs me to grab her by the neck and rough fuck her while she cums. I catch her looking down where my huge cock is going in and out of her wet lips. Her massive tits are flopping all over her chest and beating against one another making thunderous slaps. My balls are pounding against her ass. “You can do it in my mouth! Please cum in my mouth!” She drops to her knees and opens up wide so I can shoot my load in her mouth! There is cum leaking out of her mouth and her face, hair and now her tits are slick with it.