Some women are just so fortunate to be born beautiful from head to toe. My step sister being one of those few. It had been nearly a month since my step sister had moved in. From the moment of our first meeting she changed my life. She had always teased me one way or another. It happened by accident one day, my stepsister must have thought she was all alone in the house because as I looked down from the upper floor I could see her totally naked on the living room couch, playing with her pussy!!! I had never seen my sister naked. I looked down at the amazing gift that she was: her beautiful big tits, her slender waist, her smooth white thighs, her clean shaven pussy! My naked step sister was masturbating herself, fucking her tight cunt with a dildo! What a view! She was screaming at the top of her lungs, experiencing an intense orgasm as I went down the stairs to get a better look. She was so focused on her masturbatory session; she didn’t even notice me until I cleared my throat, alerting her of my presence. She covered herself, surprised that I was home, but no matter how hard she covered her hot naked body, she knew I had already seen everything. She begged me not to tell our parents about this, and I decided I could keep her secret, and maybe we could even play together a little, instead of her masturbating all alone. Her eyes got big and bright, she obviously loved that idea! Without saying more, she sat on my face, planting her sexy ass on my mouth and I let my slick tongue wriggle inside her tight asshole and her wet pink slit. While doing so, I passed my hands all over her hot naked body, fondling her big tits and feeling her erect nipples between my fingers. She rubbed her muff as I ate her out, letting me know how good it felt and urging me not to stop licking her cunt. I pressed her big tits and squeezed them together as she squirmed, cumming in my mouth and shouting at the top of her lungs. Her legs were trembling like crazy as she climaxed for me and got down on her knees, ready to suck and stroke my massive boner. I held her head still with my hands so I could fuck her mouth and ram my rod down her throat, making my stepsister choke and gag on my big member. “now, I want to feel you deep inside of me… fucking me hard and deep and fast” She spread her legs wide open lying on the sofa in the living room. My cock was now throbbing and her pussy juices were dripping from the slit. I pushed my cock inside her wet muff, fucking her very hard as she touched herself. I looked down watching my cock go in and out of her beautiful pussy. Soft pink lips, tiny pearl-like clit and incredibly smooth skin.   Her big tits bounced about as I plowed her and I slapped them a few times and she really liked it. My balls slapping against her ass, my cock stretching her wide, deeper, harder and faster… She told me to lie flat on my back on the floor and she squatted over me, impaling her clam on my meat tower and riding me in cowgirl position, holding hands as I fucked her so hard. She moaned, arching her back, pushing herself onto me. She couldn’t stop moaning and she couldn’t stop cumming, oh, oh she couldn’t stop cumming over and over and over again and her tight pussy felt so fucking good! She leaned over and I took her big tits in my hands and squeezed them like when you’re making juice with ripe oranges. My sexy step sister pushed her naked body up and down my long shaft, rubbing her pussy and stimulating her clit with her fingers and flipped over, showing me her tight ass while riding me in reverse cowgirl and telling me how bad she wanted my cum all over her face and in her mouth so she could swallow it all!