My stepsister looks like she walked out of a swimsuit catalog. She has that crisp supermodel look, slender and beautiful young girl with a perfect body. Yeah, I guess I deserved getting hit right on the balls by my stepsister, even if it was an accident. After all, I was trying to get some great shots of her body to jerk off to later when I caught her off guard, startled her and she reacted by hitting me in the nuts! She couldn’t stop laughing as she apologized. She helped me to the couch, and noticed the big throbbing bulge under my pants. She was concerned she may have bruised me, and asked to take a look. She was quite surprised when she realized the bulge wasn’t my swollen balls but my rock hard throbbing erection! She couldn’t believe I got a boner after she hit me in the balls, and quite a big one too! My cock was right in front of her face. I guilted her into kissing it. She started to kiss the head of my penis, making it better. She agreed to kiss it one more, and one more, then popping my big dick in her mouth, gently kissing, licking and then sucking and stroking it as my cock got bigger and harder in my mouth. I guess she wanted to make sure my dick and balls were in perfect working order after such a brutal impact! LOL! I couldn’t believe how good my stepsister was sucking cock, so good. In a few minutes, I felt I was cumming in her mouth! My step sister made me cum in her mouth!!! She swallowed my load and cleaned my cock with her tongue and lips, got up and left! I was in shock! A couple of hours later, I just couldn’t get her off my mind, so I went looking for her in her bedroom, letting her know that my balls were still aching a little bit. What a dirty look on her face, she stripped naked in front of me, showing me her perfect ass, her lovely pussy and her little asshole. It was the finest and prettiest pussy I have ever seen. I just wanted to fuck the shit out of her! My step sister probably read my mind, lying flat on her back in bed, legs spread wide open, inviting me to push my hard cock deep inside her tight muff and fuck her in missionary position. Yes, I was fucking my own stepsister! The feeling of her tight pussy around my cock was amazing. I rubbed her delicious pink snatch with my fingers while plowing her, turned on by her loud screams, moans and gasps. Her eyes rolled completely back in her head, I was pounding into her perefct body faster and faster, I can only describe it as total ecstasy.   She grabbed on so tight to her bed sheets, yelling at the top of her lungs, flipping over and begging me to fuck her doggy style from behind, watching her shake and wiggle her juicy bubble butt while taking my dick all the way in. Her asshole was fully exposed and the sight of her juicy bubble butt shaking with every thrust was too much. I nearly exploded at the sight. She made me lie flat on my back and straddled herself on top of my, sitting on my lap and letting my sausage sink into her wet cunt, riding me in cowgirl position, gazing into my eyes, asking how much better my balls felt as I fucked my horny stepsister. Her titties were slapping my face. Her pussy juices were leaking down my cock. She suck my cock and rode my erection in cowgirl and reverse cowgirl until I couldn’t hold it in any longer and I had to blow my load again, this time splattering jizz all over her beautiful face and open mouth. Just to make sure my balls didn’t suffer any permanent damage, she told me to visit her bedroom on a daily basis to fuck and make sure!