My sexy blonde girlfriend has been staying with her grandparents for a couple of weeks, and she invited me over to have dinner with them. You know how old the people are, they go to bed early, and my girlfriend and I stayed to clear the table and do the dishes. My girl was wearing a sexy red skirt, a long sleeved top and a sexy choker and she had been teasing me all night long behind her grandparent’s backs and now that we were all alone, she was getting friskier by the minute. She was hiking up her skirt and teasing me with her juicy bubble butt, lifting her top and pressing her big tits against the glass surface of her grandparent’s dinner table. Watching her pink snatch and puckered asshole was making my cock hard as a rock and I couldn’t wait to fuck her brains out. She sat on a dinner chair, spread her long legs wide open and began masturbating herself right in front of me, making my mouth water and my cock throb so hard under my pants. I reached under the table and rubbed her wet muff and she got on her knees, pulling down on my pants, in awe when my cock sprung to life like a Jack in the Box. She sucked and stroked it like a good little girl, lubing it up with her saliva and lifting it so she could give my balls a good licking. Then she lied on her back, spread her legs and rubbed her muff, earning herself a chance at a BJ and a rough couch fuck! She wanted me to fuck her in missionary position. I pushed my cock deep into her hot wet cunt with one single thrust and she almost screamed. I bent her over and spread her pussy lips with my fingers, spanking her tight ass, then penetrating and fucking her cunt doggy style from behind. I lied back on the couch and she got on top, guiding my meat pole inside her muff and riding me in cowgirl position. She kept rubbing her snatch while I plowed her harder and faster and I could tell I was getting closer and closer to the point of no return. She dropped on her knees, opened up wide and begged me to fill her mouth with my semen! I was cumming in her mouth when her grandma and grandpa showed up, wondering why we were making so much noise! It just felt so fucking great and I couldn’t stop cumming…and cuuming! Thick ropes of cum were dripping down her face. Her grandma was screaming at me, but I didn’t care, I kept pumping load after load of hot thick cum into the small mouth. 