My girlfriend’s best friend is single and she’s fucking hot and my girlfriend asked me to introduce her to my best friend, thinking they would make a good match. I agreed, and when the day arrived, my girlfriend’s sexy friend showed up, wearing a sexy choker around her neck, a black tank top and tight denim shorts. One look at this slut and you can tell that she’s a cock craving cutie who loves to fuck. The only problem was, my friend was running late, very late! It seemed that my girlfriend’s friend wasn’t the patient type, because instead of waiting for my friend, she decided to take advantage of having me so close and available! She showed me her beautiful tits as she began undressing, pulling her sexy thong to the side, rubbing her dripping wet snatch. This little bitch couldn’t wait to get naked and fuck. Amazing girl! Of course my cock was rock hard, and I just hoped this little adventure stayed between the two of us, because my girlfriend would be pretty pissed if she found out I fucked her best friend! Just in case, I checked on my friend. Yeah, he was running late, and this chick wanted to suck cock like, right now! She crawled on her hands and knees with this super sexy, super dirty, super nasty look on her face. I was hesitating, and she noticed. Before I knew it, she was running out the door, half naked, stumbling across my next-door neighbor. Without even introducing herself, she got on her knees, dropped his shorts and started sucking and stroking his juicy cock instead! Watching her licking his balls and shaft made me so hard, but hey, at least I got to watch and there was no way my girl could get mad at me, maybe I dodged the bullet! After sucking my neighbor’s dick in the back yard she straddled herself on top and rode him in reverse cowgirl, squatting over his member. He rubbed her muff and sucked on her puffy nipples while pounding her hard, spreading her long legs and fucking her in missionary position. She kept her legs spread for him, begging him to keep fucking her hard and fill her with cum, what a slut! He fucked her all over the backyard and blew his creamy cum all over her face! My girlfriend’s friend ended up hooking up with the next door neighbor and my friend forever regretted running late to this blind date! 