I used to spend so many hours a day watching porn online, but I don’t need to do that anymore, because my girlfriend is the hottest girl in the world, a smoking hot brunette slut with a perfect body, legs, ass, pussy, tits, hair all just perfect. And she looks like Megan Fox! Now I have more time available for work, except of course, when she’s in the mood. No matter how busy I am, she knows how to catch my attention, stripping naked in front of me, teasing me in her sexy lace lingerie, wiggling her juicy bubble butt and dirty talking. It’s hard to resist something like that! She is so fucking hot! I guess work will have to wait! She gets down on her hands and knees, crawling under the table, getting between my legs with a dirty look on her sexy face. I know what she’s up to! She unzips my pants, pulls down my boxers and grabs my hard sausage in her soft hands so she can give me head and jerk my shaft. She makes loud slurping noises as she gobbles up my dick, popping my balls into her wet mouth and sucking them hard. My girlfriend is one of those girls who really do love to suck dick. She loves sucking my cock, curling her tongue around my cock, kissing the head of my cock, gently slapping her tongue and looking up at me with these beautiful blue eyes! One of if not the hottest girls in the world! After sucking my cock under the table, I put her on her back over my desk, spreading her long legs wide open, pulling her pink cotton panties aside. She is guiding my cock between her pink pussy lips making her body tighten up once the huge head pushes thru the opening. I ram my hard cock deep inside her cunt, which is leaking a small puddle of juices onto my table. The missionary position is my favorite, I love watching my cock slide into her hot pink cunt. Her pink panties is pulled aside, her pussy is totally visible, her wet pussy lips are like drapes around my cock, her legs are spread wide and her fingers are gently rubbing her clit. She makes me sit down on my chair and sits on my lap, grinding her delicious bubble shaped ass against my crotch while riding me in reverse cowgirl. I have a mirror placed in front of my desk and we can see ourselves while we’re fucking, her sexy ass bouncing up and down and her delicious chocolate starfish fully exposed. She squats over my cock and leans back against me, spreading her legs and rubbing her muff while she rides on my throbbing erection. She’s fucking me with her hot cunt! Professional dick rider 2017!   She keeps moving her hips in a circular motion, grinding herself against me, pushing herself onto my fat pole, squeezing my dick with her pussy muscles, it feels so fuckin amazing! We get off the chair and she crawls down the floor on her hands and knees, jutting up her ass, begging me to fuck her doggie style from behind. While I pound her hard she massages her big tits with her hands, stimulating her erect nipples with her fingertips, moaning, grunting and panting, gasping for breath as she takes my cock as deep inside as possible. She gets up and goes for the chair, leaning over it and holding on tight as I grab her by the ass and pull her body against me, pushing my big hard cock back inside her wet cunt and fucking her from behind some more while she looks over her shoulder, drenched in sweat. She keeps touching herself as I fuck her, begging me for more and more dick and we fuck all over my office until I am finally ready to blow my load and I blast lots of hot and sticky cum, spraying her big tits, her dirty face and her open mouth as she swallows every single drop of jizz! When she does that thing, spitting the cum out and sucks it back in, it makes me gag.