A great shower of squirting is the best for a hot summertime! Dont miss this amazing threesome with three teen lesbians if you love squirting orgasms. Melissa is a sexy teen babe celebrating her 18th birthday and it’s such a special occasion because she wants to lose her virginity with her two best friends! Her friends are more than happy to make her birthday wish cum true, pulling up her top, fondling her soft breasts and feeling how hard her nipples get as they kiss her tenderly on the lips, pushing their wet, slick tongue into her mouth while they make out. The girls slowly undress, letting Melissa play with their tits too, sucking and licking their perky nipples while they undress her in bed, leaving her totally naked and at their mercy. The young lesbians spread their legs wide open so she can eat them out, wriggling her curious tongue inside their tight cunts for the very first time. She had no idea that pussies tasted so delicious and is amazed when one of her friends starts squirting, gushing lots of pussy juices all over her face! The bed sheets are soaked in squirt and it makes Melissa’s pussy tingle as she finger fucks her friend, eager to see more of that delicious liquid gushing from her snatch. She kisses her other friend, swapping the squirt back and forth while they masturbate their friend. She masturbates while the other girl sits on her face, rubbing her snatch while getting her ass licked and having Melissa play with her tits. She puts her friends side by side with their legs spread wide open so she can masturbate each one of them with one hand and see which one cums first and who gushes the most squirt juices all over the bed! That is some impressive squirting sex. Three naked girls all kiss each other, fondling their hot naked bodies, caressing their breasts and their asses, stretching out their pink pussy lips with her fingers and their wet tongues, rimming their tight assholes, scissoring each other, rubbing their pussies together, exploring every nook and cranny of their female anatomy together. Melissa thought she knew her friends so well, but today she is discovering a side of them, and of herself, that was completely unknown to her and she loves having the opportunity to explore it with them as they make each other cum over and over until the naked girls are exhausted. Melissa is no longer a virgin, she is a slutty Dyke and she loves it! She is a hydrant, and it is all kinds of awesome. Great performances, great sex, and honestly that theme is one of my absolute favorites: two lifelong friends finally winding up together. Love these beauties in a perfect threesome, great climax to the climax. 