I met this tiny blonde slut online and when I found out she was into cosplaying as her favorite character, Harley Quinn, while sucking and fucking huge cocks, I knew I had to meet her! Of course, she showed up at my door dressed up as Harley, man, she looked just like her, maybe just a bit sluttier, LOL! She started teasing me, pulling her top up and playing with her small tits, making her nipples nice and hard with her fingers. She showed me her young pussy and wiggled her cute little butt while chewing on some blue gum and she was making my dick bigger and harder than the baseball bat she carried with her. Daddy’s little monster had a sexy little asshole too, and I saw it as she spread her ass cheeks apart with her hands. Since she had shown me so much I thought it was only fair that I showed her something too, removing the towel covering my waist and showing her my massive throbbing erection. Her mouth watered as she took it in her tiny hands, slapping her bitch face with it. It looked like a big hose or hefty salami against her small face, so fucking hot. I grabbed her by her pigtails while she was slurping my rod, choking and gagging while trying her hardest to deepthroat it, drenching it with her saliva, cupping my balls with her hands. I jerked my dick while she licked and sucked them and I fucked her throat, watching the thick ropes of drool dripping down her chin and all over her tits. She rubbed the saliva all over my long shaft. I had never seen such a sexual blowjob. She wanted my cock in her cunt, but I wasn’t sure if my cock could fit into her tight pussy. She was so tiny, I just wasn’t sure that it would be physically possible. “Mmmm” the horny little girl moaned as she reached down and grabbed my fat cock. She straddled herself on top and slid down so that the tip of my cock was pressed against her pussy lips. Her pussy was dripping onto me, and it was driving me insane with lust. Slowly the petite girl inched herself down as the head of my dick slipped into her dripping wet slit. Once the head was in, she stopped and took a few deep breaths, allowing her vagina muscles to relax a bit more. She was poised on her toes with the head of my cock inside of her pussy as she began to descend some more, taking the length of my cock into her, inch by inch, deeper and deeper into her vagina. Finally, this little nympho had my full 9 inches inside of her little pussy. She seemed to be enjoying the feeling of her pussy being fully stuffed with my huge cock. She was impaled on my meat sword and bouncing up and down on it in cowgirl position. She looked so hot pushing herself up and down, squirming, her eyes going blank when I was the one pounding her.   I guess you can only take so much dick inside you! I grabbed her juicy ass and lifted her up, drilling her pussy and flipping her over, spreading her legs and pounding that muff real deep in reverse cowgirl. I was pulling it all the way out then driving it balls deep into her, harder and harder. My balls were hitting against her ass noisily each time my cock went all the way inside this horny Harley Quinn! I had her in the perfect position for a full sex Nelson and I locked it in, grabbing her by her pigtails instead of the back of her neck. Yeah, baby, call it the Harley Quinn modified full sex Nelson! I let her ride some more in cowgirl position and put her down on her hands and knees, like a dirty little bitch, fucking her doggy style from behind. I thumbed her asshole to get her more turned on and she pushed her sexy little butt back up against my dick, begging me to fuck her in missionary with her legs behind her head, finally blowing a huge load of hot cum in her mouth and face! I was spurting my cum like a water-gun and this crazy little slut was swallowing my cum.