Last night there was a big storm so this beautiful blonde teen slept with her stepdad, since her mom is away on a business trip. When she wakes up in the morning, she’s feeling very horny and wet, she can’t help notice her stepdad’s morning wood pitching a tent under the white sheets. His cock looks so big and hard, it makes her mouth water. She rubs it over the bed sheets, she can feel it throbbing so hard in her tiny soft hands. This young girl has never seen a morning wood before. She pulls the covers down so she can get a better look, his huge cock is staring up at her, it’s fully erect. She smiles and these beautiful green eyes light up with excitement as she feels the ripple of his hard cock. The tip is already glistening with precum as the teen girl takes it to her little mouth and starts giving her step daddy a morning hummer. She kisses and licks it very softly, sucking and stroking it as she pulls her tank top over her tits. She’s happy her stepdad is not denying her advances. She promises to keep this a secret between them, her mom doesn’t need to find out what they do when she’s not around. After giving him head she lies flat on her back, spreading her legs wide open and keeping them apart while he eats her out. She can feel his tongue wriggling inside her cunt, spreading her tender pink pussy lips and massaging her slit and clit. This young girl has amazing pussy, with big, meaty pussy lips! She loves his tongue, but what she really wants is his big throbbing erection inside her pussy, pounding her hard in missionary position while she fondles her tits for him. She spreads her legs in front of him and he drives between them with his huge, aching cock. He rubs his cock head up and down her wet slit and before long she feels his cock head starts to push into her tight, wet pussy. She is so wet, his long cock slides inside her pussy hole well. It feels incredible! The young naked girl rubs her muff while getting plowed by her very own step daddy; it’s such a turn on. “Your big cock feels so good inside of me, fuck me…” She is enjoying the view as his long cock is going in and out of her pussy. He puts his sexy step daughter down on her hands and knees and she juts her juicy bubble butt way up high as she feels that big juicy cock penetrating her from behind as her stepdad fucks her doggie style, making her his little bitch.   The horny teen grabs her ass cheeks with her hands and spreads them apart, she wants that big cock to ram her very deep so she can feel it stuffing her pussy and making her feel like the filthiest whore in the world, the type that can’t say no to her stepdaddy’s huge dick, even if that means making him cheat on her very own mom, what kind of slut does something like that? A slut like her! Her stepdad straddles her atop his lap, her juicy bubble butt facing his way, pinning her under her knees and putting her in a full sex Nelson, slamming her tight cunt so hard and fast it almost leaves her breathless. She wonders if her stepdad fucks her mom this way, probably not, she knows she’s a frigid prude, that’s why she wants to become his lover and let him to do his wife’s daughter all the kinky things he can’t do to her, like fucking her brains out all over the house and blowing his load all over her slutty face and her hot naked body! 