My best friend recently broke up with his girlfriend but left behind a sex tape they made together, and since I owed him a big favor he decided it was time for me to pay it back, by sneaking into his ex’s apartment to retrieve said sex tape. He still had a set of spare keys, and she still hadn’t changed the locks, so I managed to sneak inside her apartment. The only problem was, she was still inside! Not just that, she was wearing a sexy pink top and a yellow thong that left so little to imagination, I was pitching a tent under my pants while sneaking behind her couch. I knew I had to find that tape, but I was fixated on her beautiful ass in that sexy thong! His sexy ex girlfriend went to the kitchen for some water. Her phone rang abruptly, making her drop some of it on her top, so she took it off and headed to the bathroom to dry up. She has small tits, but they are so firm and hot! Unfortunately, I miscalculated her movements and my own, and she saw me! She kicked me to the floor, then realized who I was, so I told her all about her ex and the sex tape. Since my friend wanted the sex tape so bad, she decided he deserved one, but not the old ones, but a new one, starring her and my hard cock! She took my throbbing member in her hands and told me we were making a new one instead! She sucked and stroked my hard cock on the floor like mad! Her mouth felt hot and slick, and I couldn’t keep from pushing my throbbing head of my cock further in her mouth. Then she pulled her panties down, straddled herself on top, pushing it deep inside her dripping wet cunt, riding me in cowgirl position. Man, no wonder my friend wanted that sex tape back so bad, this bitch was so fucking hot in the sack! That drove me absolutely wild and I began pounding her hard and fast. “Ah, Ah, ah” She was whimpering. Her boobies bounced up and down with each thrust. I rubbed her muff while she jerked my beefy cock, letting me know it was so much bigger and harder than my buddy’s, LOL! I put hos horny ex girlfriend over the dinner table, spread her legs and fucked her hard in missionary position and fucked her from behind while she leaned over the kitchen counter. “Please fuck me harder, don’t stop, deeper!” she begged me. She begged me to fuck her, suck on her nipples and blow my load all over her face and titties! I told my friend I never found the old sex tape and kept the new one! 