It was my day off and I was chilling in my crib when I got a call from my coworker. She told me her car’s AC broke down and she had a power lunch in an hour but she was drenched in sweat and wondered if she could swing by my place and take a shower. Of course I said yes. She’s the kind of girl that sweats and it makes her look even hotter, her blouse was soaked and sticking to her tits as I invited her in. She started taking off her clothes with a naughty look in her face, thanking me and letting me know I was more than welcome to join her in the shower! She is a beautiful, slender, very sexy young woman. I watched as she wiggled her juicy bubble butt for me while applying the shower massager to her hot naked body and aiming it at her pussy while fingering herself! My dick was hard as a rock as I slid in the shower with her and she kissed my lips and chest, sliding down to my dick and popping it in her wet mouth while getting on all fours, with my using the shower massages on her luscious ass. She gave delicious head, cupping my balls in her hand while slurping my rod in a corkscrew way, making loud sucking sounds. She took my rod as deep down her throat as possible, thick ropes of drool dripping down the sides of her lips and chin. I almost lost my MIND when I saw this. She literally tried to swallow my cock! She then began to massage my cockhead with her tongue, twirling it all around and under the ridge. What a marvelous feeling, I was in heaven. God damn I’d fuck the shit out of her and cum deep inside that pussy! I took her put of the shower, lifted her up against the wall and ate her out as she spread her legs wide open. she wrapped her legs around my waist and pulled me deeper into her. Then I put her against the wall and penetrated her dripping wet pussy from behind, pounding her fast and furious! I lied on the shower floor and the naked girl straddled her on top, impaling her on my big dick and making her ride me in reverse cowgirl. Just imagine your cock sinking deep inside of this hot pussy until her hips are grinding into yours! She rubbed her muff while taking it all in and got on her back, begging me to fuck her in missionary position. Her pussy was too oversensitive, my huge cock was going in and out of her cunt so fast. She couldn’t stop screaming and cumming. She begged me to blow my creamy load all over her big tits, her face and open mouth so she could swallow every single drop of my cum! My hot cum squirting in her mouth sent her to heaven. Something told me she was going to get late to her power lunch, but I’m sure she didn’t mind at all! 