After making careful, detailed, meticulous calculations this man discovers the formula for perfect sex, a combination of the smallest girl and the biggest cock! He already has the cock and it doesn’t take him long to find the girl, a spunky petite pint sized blonde slut eager to fuck a large cock! He takes her back to his place, where the young girl teases him with her tiny tits, perky nipples, juicy ass, tender asshole and dripping wet pussy burger. The half naked girl sits on his couch, spreading her legs wide open, her pink tank top pulled over her tits, fondling them with her soft hands while finger fucking her tender cunt. Her nipples are so fucking puffy by the time she finally gets to suck and stroke that delicious mega cock, it hardly fits her tiny little mouth! Still she does her best to slurp it all the way down to the base, chocking and gagging as she gets stuck half way through because his dick is just too fucking big and thick! It’s pushing her gag reflexes to the limits as he holds her head still and fucks her mouth with his gargantuan erection, making her eyes water and her face flush. His huge balls are slapping her chin while the head of it stretching her throat. When he finally sticks his monster cock out of her little mouth, she licks his drool drenched shaft while cupping his big balls in her soft hands. He grabs the petite naked girl and flips her over, putting her upside down and eating her muff before putting her back on the couch, down on her hands and knees so he can rim her tight asshole, stretching out her anal sphincter with his tongue. After licking her chocolate starfish the tiny girl straddles herself on his lap, pushing his huge cock deep inside her, filling up her tight cunt, letting his 11 inch cock enter inch by inch. She closes her eyes to enjoy this new sensation! Tt stretches her pussy muscles to the limit. Afterwards her pussy won’t be as tight as it has been before. Just take a look at her pussy! Her pussy is tight, really tight, she feels wonderful. With lips tight, she slowly pushes herself down, deeper and deeper, stretching her pelvic muscles. The young naked girl begins to ride her man in cowgirl position, sliding up and down his huge cock. She flips over and gets ready for some reverse fun, his dick penetrating her inch by inch and pumping her so good, it leaves her breathless for moments! She gets on her back and spreads her legs wide open so he can fuck her in missionary position, grabbing her by her neck for some rough fucking, then making her juicy bubble butt bounce up and down his hard cock until he finally cums, blasting a huge load of hot cum that drips down her chin! 