I was surprised when my sexy blonde girlfriend called me to see if I could pick her up just a few hours after leaving her at the beach, but as it turns out, it was really cold at the beach so she wasn’t able to enjoy her day off from work. That doesn’t mean we couldn’t still enjoy the rest of the day! She was taking off her swimsuit in the passenger seat, and we couldn’t help notice that the people in the other cars passing us by in traffic could actually see her! This got her pretty turned on, I could tell by how erect her nipples were, since she has a bit of an exhibitionist streak. I fondled her left tit with my free hand and by the time we got home we were both so fucking horny we rushed to the bedroom. My cock was throbbing so hard as she took it in her soft hands, sucking it and jerking it. After giving me head, she lied in bed, pulling her delicious titties over her bikini and playing with them while rubbing and finger fucking her dripping wet cunt. I spread her legs wide open, pushing my hard cock inside her tight muff while she took her tits in her hands, pressing them together. I love the way she moves her body when she’s so turned on by having my cock inside of her, grabbing her breasts, fondling and squeezing them, feeling her erect nipples between my fingertips and hearing her soft moans of pleasure. I rubbed her wet muff while banging her and she flipped over, getting down on her hands and knees, showing me her tight bubbly ass and looking over her shoulder as I banged her doggy style from behind. She flipped on her back again, begging me for more missionary sex as I tugged on her perky nipples. Then I lied flat on my back and let her straddle herself on top, pushing my hard cock inside her gushing cunt and riding me in cowgirl position. Obviously, missionary is her favorite position, my cock just fits so snugly in her cunt in this position, and she enjoys rocking her body back and forth until I’m ready to blow my load, blasting lots of hot and sticky cum all over her beautiful face, her open mouth and her big tits! 