I recently lost my job and my apartment so I moved back with my dad, which means sharing the apartment with his wife and my new step sister. Yeah, it’s kind of awkward, especially when our first meeting involved me walking into her in her bedroom, which she was brooming while fully naked! She thought she was all alone in the apartment and so did I! I just moved in a few days ago, so this was pretty much our first encounter! We survived this first awkward moment, until a few days later when I rushed to the bathroom only to find her brushing her teeth in sexy pink lingerie. She looked really hot and since it was morning, I still had my morning wood and she could see it pitching a tent over my underwear! I glanced down a saw my morning wood was visible but she just smiled at me. I slowly moved my hand to her beautiful body and moved my hand round the curve of her sexy ass.  In no time I wanted nothing more than to fuck her. Things started heating up, I liked what I saw and she liked what she saw and we are both pretty open minded and decided to fuck in the bathroom! She slipped off her cotton panties and got down on all fours, showing off her juicy bubble butt. I knelt on the bathroom floor, positioning my cock just between her ass cheeks. I looked down as she laid there, motionless. Her big juicy ass looked so damn hot. “Do you want to put your cock in my tight pussy and fuck me?” I pushed my cock all the way up her cunt and held it deep inside, squeezing her buttocks with both hands. Her pussy was so tight. I pulled my cock out of her cunt, and then thrust forward again, her wet labia caught the head of my cock and I was so deep in her body. I fucked her doggy style from behind,  pounding into her like a madman! Her ass was fabulous and her cunt was so fucking hot, wet and tight! I grabbed her ass cheeks and squeezed them while pumping her with dick and when I told her I was going to cum she told me to keep my dick inside her and give her a creampie! Wow! I was not going to stop my step sister. At that moment my prick exploded inside of her vagina. “Oh…that’s it, please don’t stop cumming in me. Oh yes…I’m cumming! I’m cumming!” she was moaning. My cum shot out of my cock each time I pumped in her. I pulled my cock out of her cunt. Her pussy lips were spreads wide open. She queefed while that sticky cum oozed from her pink pussy burger and dripped all over the bathroom floor!   The next morning, she sneaked into my bedroom in her sexy lingerie, telling me she wanted more of my morning wood, sucking and stroking my hard cock and straddling herself on top, bouncing up and down my rod in cowgirl position. She rubbed her wet muff while riding me and let me play with it too. I grabbed her big beautiful tits and squeezed them while she straddled me, stimulating her nipples with my fingertips, having my stepsister as my lover was so fucking hot! I have a big mirror on my bedroom wall and she enjoyed checking herself out while riding me, flipping over so she could ride my cock in reverse cowgirl and make that delicious round ass bounce up and down on it. I put her down on her hands and knees, penetrating and fucking her in doggy style again. Once in a while I would stop, we would stay motionless for a few seconds until she could take it no more, then she would start pushing her juicy bubble butt back up against my cock, urging me to continue fucking her very hard, telling me how horny it made her getting her tight pussy pounded hard by her very own stepbrother and having me come inside her cunt are in her mouth so she could swallow all my cum!