My hot stepsister was coming to visit us and I was so excited to see her again. She’s a sexy brunette babe with a drop dead gorgeous body and long legs and she’s so hot and dirty. She arrived in a tight shirt and denim shorts, right when my hot blonde girlfriend, who had worked a late shift last night, was taking a nap on the couch. I showed her to the guest room and she started taking off her clothes right there in front of me! Man, she’s always been a flirt, but it looks like this time she came determined to jump me! Her tits are so big and beautiful and she’s so fucking sexy and dirty, I couldn’t resist her! She got down on her knees and pulled my pants down and of course my cock sprung out, throbbing so hard! She had given me one hell of a hard on, I don’t think my girlfriend ever got my cock so big and hard as she did! She was amazed and immediately popped it in her wet mouth and began giving me head while removing my pants. As she was drooling all over my dick and I was ready to cum right in her face I got a text from my girlfriend! She had just woke up and I knew she wasn’t half as excited as me by having my stepsis here. She thinks she’s a slut and well, she’s right! Well, my girlfriend was awake and horny, so she got on her knees and started giving me head, while my stepsister crawled behind the couch and checked us out! Fuck, she was still naked! I buried my girlfriend’s head between my legs, making her choke on my rod just so she wouldn’t look back and see her there fully naked and touching her pussy and big tits! While she gave me a hummer, my stepsis teased me with her hot naked body, touching her tits and rubbing her muff! I told my girl to give me just a minute to go check on my stepsister and rushed to her bedroom, where she was ready to pick up where my girl left off! Oh my God! She was giving the best blowjob ever, bobbing her head up and down, massaging my balls with her fingers, swirling her tongue over the head of my cock. I thought I would cum right then and there. Of course my girlfriend knew something fishy was going on and busted into the guest room to verify her suspicions. She was really pissed, but then, out of the blue, I found myself getting sucked by them both, competing to see who could give better head, you know how competitive girls are! The girls were almost fighting over my cock, grabbing it, swallowing it, pushing each other. My step sister pushed my girl to the floor, jumped on the bed, grabbed my hot throbbing cock and pushed it in her wet pussy!!! “Fuck me. Please. Please fuck me” She began to rub her clit amd moan wildly. I looked at my girlfriend, and she looked back at me, smiling, she didn’t want to give up! She was taking off her shirt, watching me fucking my step sister. The idea that my girlfriend was watching me fucking another girl excited me beyond my anticipation and I started to fuck her pussy with all my might, her amazing big tits were wobbling on her chest. She was enjoying each second of it. She was ready to cum but my horny girlfriend got mad and pushed her from the bed! My step sister fell to the floor and my girl spread her legs and told me to fuck her! I began pounding her tight pussy and it wasn’t very long before my step sister was pulling her back away from me. I had never seen two women fighting over a cock before.   Both sluts wanted my dick and I proposed the girls to share it in a threesome! I put them both in bed and started fucking their pussies from behind, moving from one wet cunt to the other wet hole, the girls looked so fucking turned on! My girl got on top of my stepsister so I could take turns fucking them both from behind. The girls were having hot lesbian sex with each other, kissing and fondling! The girls were playing with each others breasts and kissing each other passionately. My crazy step sister played with my stepsister’s tits while I fucked her wet cunt. The naked girls were riding my cock, sucking me, cumming in turn. My step sister was the first to cum. She erupted in a violent orgasm as I furiously fucked her cunt. I moved over to my girl and soon had her cumming as well. Finally I blew my load all over them! The naked girls grabbed my cum-covered cock and began licking it clean, tasting the creamy cum, kissing and licking my cum off each other’s faces! We spent the entire weekend fucking together and now they get along great!