I was walking around the yard, just minding my own business, when I passed by my sister’s bedroom window, which she had left totally open, so I couldn’t help seeing her straddling a big pillow on her bed while she masturbated! She was totally turned on, moaning and grunting, wearing a sexy skimpy swimsuit while bouncing up and down on her pillow. My dick got hard as a rock as I whipped out my phone and began taking some pictures and videos of her so I could jerk off to them later. When she looked over her shoulder she realized that I was spying on her! I apologized, it wasn’t my fault that she left her window open, but that wasn’t an excuse to spy on her, much less take pictures. I was sure she was going to tell on my parents, but I was surprised when she told me she would stay quiet only if I let her play with my dick! Fuck it, my cock was already hard as a fucking rock from watching her masturbate, so I said yes without thinking twice and she didn’t hesitate to reach for my throbbing erection and start sucking and stroking it on her bed! It was a total turn on to see my hard cock disappear into such a lovely mouth. She took my cock in her hands, opened her mouth wide and started to fuck my cock with her head, sliding her mouth down on my cock, swallowing it without a problem. After giving me head, I wanted to reciprocate, so I curled her up in bed, her legs spread wide open and tongue fucked her dripping wet snatch and her delicious tight asshole. Her pussy was warm and wet. She was surprised that I would eat out her ass, looks like no one had ever done that for her, such a waste, since her chocolate starfish was delicious! She pulled her big beautiful tits over her bikini and squat over my hard cock. With my dick in hand, I slowly brought it to her pussy, softly rubbing it up and down the length of her pussy. Her juices poured out of her soaking pussy and covered my dick. She spread her pussy lips forcing her cunt onto my dick, pushing it inside her and riding me in cowgirl position. I was all the way in. She pressed her hot naked body against my own, kissing me on the lips, making out with me like she was my girlfriend. If making out with a hot girl is sexy, just imagine doing it with your very own stepsister, it’s the fucking hottest experience ever! Beautiful, natural girl with a lovely face and great unadulterated body. She was gripping the sheets, her big breasts jiggling with each thrust as I began fucking her harder. I flipped her over, her pussy still attached to my hard cock, spreading her legs and banging her in reverse cowgirl position. I grabbed her tits in my hands and felt her erect nipples as I rubbed and massaged her cunt, stimulating her clit while I nailed her hard.   She moved her body upwards and planted her ass on my face, urging me to eat out her pussy and ass some more. She enjoyed having my slick tongue wriggling in her asshole and pink pussy burger, she was gushing like crazy, man! I buried my face between her legs, tingue fucking her cunt, each time tasting her juices. It felt incredible. Warm, tight and wet. I got on my knees and penetrated her again, fucking her while looking into each other’s eyes. Then I realized she was cumming! Her body was being lit up with sexual shock waves of pleasure, her pussy was throbbing violently around my cock. She got on her knees and told me fuck her from behind. The way she twerking her sexy ass on my dick was amazing! She kept doing it, faster, and slower, until I was ready to cum right in her mouth. Imagine if our parents would walk into her bedroom, and see her stepdaughter getting fucked by their son? Lol! Just the thought of it made me cum, spraying lots of hot cum all over my stepsister’s face and tits!