This sexy brunette teen slut is shopping with her mom, trying on some hot swimsuits while she browses around the store. When she spots the cute shopkeeper, she seduces him, a strategy that helps her get laid and get free stuff every time. The shopkeeper is surprised when she shows him her tits, they are small, yet firm and crowned by perky nipples. When he tells her the dressers are on the back she just casually shrugs, letting him know she’s just so used to getting naked while she places his hand over her breasts and starts sucking on his fingers. This bitch doesn’t send any mixed signals! She doesn’t beat around the bush! She goes straight to the point, or in this case, straight to the cock! She tugs the bikini bottom aside and gives him a glimpse of her shaved snatch, putting his hand over it so he can rub it and feel how soft and wet it gets as her mom is checking out the clothes racks on the back of the store! He can’t believe what’s going on, much less when she drops to her knees, grabbing his big dick and popping it in her wet mouth, sucking and stroking it. His cock is massive and the teen girl can hardly fit half of it in her mouth as he bends her over and rams it in her tight muff! Will this slut get caught in the act of satisfying him, will she be sure to keep her moaning to a minimum while she takes his big dick deep inside her dripping wet pussy? While he’s fucking her, her mom pops up behind the clothes rack and asks him if he’s seen her daughter! While she goes looking for her, he lies on his back on the store floor and lets the slut squat over his hard cock, riding it in reverse cowgirl position. He gropes her tiny tits and squeezes them like ripe grapefruits in his hands, hearing her loud moans of lust and pleasure as she enjoys being impaled on his big juicy cock. While she holds on to a wooden stool, he puts her in the Supergirl position and bangs her hard from behind, then sits her on it and bangs her wet muff in missionary position. By the time her mom returns to finally find her daughter, she’s already swallowed his huge load, took all the stuff she wanted for free and promised him to come back for more while cleaning the cum from her lips! 