This guy is a successful businessman and he is used to treating everybody like shit, including his wife and his stepdaughter. His employees put up with it and so does his wife, but he’s about to find out shouldn’t have crossed the line with his stepdaughter. Now she has him tied of to a chair and she’s going to teach this fucker who’s in charge! The sexy young girl stands totally naked in front of him, kneeling between his legs, caressing his thighs over his slacks. Her hands move up to his crotch, massaging that big, throbbing bulge growing under his pants. She pulls them down, reaching for his hefty meat sausage, amazed with how big, nice and juicy it looks. He preaches about what’s appropriate, family roles, and his wife (her mom), but who can say no to a body like that. She leaves him tied up as she examines and strokes his dick and balls. She can’t wait to pop it in her mouth, licking it from the base up and gently sucking it, feeling it getting bigger and harder inside her hot mouth. She deep throats it, it just seems to keep getting bigger and harder with every sucking every stroke as she drenches his long shaft and big balls with her saliva. The naked girl also leaves him tied up when she straddles herself on top, sitting on his face, making him tongue fuck her dripping wet pussy while she continues sucking his cock in a 69. He buries his face between her butt cheeks, licking her cunt and her tight asshole. She pushes his hard sausage inside her wet muff and bounces up and down his Rod, riding her very own stepfather in reverse cowgirl position. She’s so fucking turned on, between the power trip of having him tied down and at her mercy and the forbidden fantasy of having sex with her stepdad, her pussy just can’t stop gushing. She flips over, sitting on his lap, putting his cock back inside her cunt and riding him in classical cowgirl position. He reaches out and grabs her juicy bubble butt cheeks with his hands as she straddles him and she finally decides to let him lose, so he can spread her legs over the couch and fuck her in missionary position. She wants to look into his eyes, she wants to see the lust with which he’s banging his stepdaughter. He licks her tender twat, drinking her delicious pussy juices as they flow from her wet slit and after fucking her on the living room rug he blows his load all over her! 