This sexy little slut was so used to shoplifting at the local store, that she got careless and greedy, getting busted by the security guard. She’s pretty uncooperative at first, until the security guard explains her options to her, either she starts playing nice or she’s going to spend a season in jail. She understands and agrees to cooperate with him, anything to keep her out of jail, emphasis on “anything”. First he conducts a strip search, making her take off all her clothes. She’s a sexy bitch, with a slim and slender body, nice tits and ass. He whips out his big fat cock, grabs her head and pushes it towards it, making this cocky slut suck and stroke on his member. She acts like she doesn’t like it at first, but as that meaty sausage gets bigger and harder inside her mouth and tastes the first few drops of salty precum, she really gets into it. After giving him head, he makes her lean over to his desk, spreading her legs wide open and pushing his big cock deep inside her tight muff, fucking her very hard from behind. He can tell that this little slut has never had anything so big inside her, she moans and grunts, her naked body squirming as she holds on tight to the desk while getting pounded hard by him. He grabs a big Crystal dildo, the same one she was shoplifting, and makes her suck on it while fucking her. Then he places the toy, lubed with her saliva, in her cunt, flips her over and keeps banging her in missionary position. He likes the look in her face as he is fucking her and he sits on his chair and tells her to get on top, bouncing up and down his long shaft in reverse cowgirl position. Now this bitch is actually enjoying her punishment as he sets her back on the table and keeps plowing her. He gets on the floor and she rides his hard cock in cowgirl position and he takes her sideways from behind, pressing her hot naked body against his own until he’s ready to blow his creamy load all over her face and make her swallow his cum before letting her go, knowing she’ll probably come back for more! 