I’m a licensed massage therapist and a work from home. My girlfriend doesn’t mind because she knows it’s just work and a very professional, until this beautiful blonde booked a massage with me. She was really beautiful I found myself terribly turned on as I touched her perfect bubble butt, spreading her butt cheeks apart and seeing her tight asshole and pink pussy burger. As I did so, the naked girl told me she loved getting massaged in that area, jutting her sexy ass and wiggling it. Damn! Believe it or not, I had never been in a situation like this, maybe because my patients are usually ugly, fat, old ladies, LOL! She was beautiful. I’ve would suck that pussy dry and chew on those lips. What a doll. By the time I reached her shoulders, my cock was practically bursting out of my jeans and what a naughty smile on her face she offered to give it a very special massage! She whipped it out and took it in her soft hands, sucking and stroking it! They warned us about situations like this at massage therapy school, but I couldn’t, and didn’t want to, resist! As luck would have it, exactly in that moment, my girl walked in! She’s never home while I’m working, but there she was, wondering why my massage client was sucking my dick. To my surprise, my girlfriend decided that instead of getting mad, since I got to fuck my client, she should have the same privileges! Right there, in front of my eyes, two sexy girls, my massage client and my girlfriend started making out! The blonde sucked on my wife’s nipples and spread her legs wide open so she could eat her out on the massage table! After eating her pussy, she got naked too and they both gave me a double blowjob, sucking and stroking my hard cock together and licking my balls, drenching them with their warm saliva. The blonde got on her back and I fucked her in missionary position while my girlfriend played with her hot naked body, caressing and masturbating her! My girl got on top of her, down on all fours, eating my dick while the blonde snacked on her wet muff! I fucked my wife from behind while watching her making out with the blonde, her pussy was gushing like never before, this hot threesome fuck was actually rekindling our sex life! I took turns fucking them both, watching two naked girls making out and sucking my hard cock until I was ready to cum, blowing lots of hot and creamy cum all over their faces and watching the girls swap it! This massage appointment had turned into a full-blown threesome with my client and my girlfriend, and to think my parents told me that studying to be a massage therapist was a waste of time! Proves them wrong! Now my girlfriend quit her job and gives sensual massages with me to hot girls and horny couples and the blonde never misses her weekly sessions with us! 