My sexy naked girlfriend was taking a soapy bath and since she left the bathroom door wide open, I knew it was an open invitation to watch her and join her as she massaged her big boobs lathered in soap and masturbated herself in the warm water. I knew my girlfriend loves to masturbate in the bathroom. She was gently touching herself, fingers slipping over her hips down her thighs stroking the tenderness between her legs. Really love the underwater footage in the tub, very cool! Her shaved clean pussy looked amazing under the water. I was so turned on and my cock was so big and hard, I sneaked in behind her, reaching over and fondling her big soapy tits and I just couldn’t help but shove my dick in her mouth. She took it with no complaints, as she always does, she’s such a sweet slut and that’s why I love her so. Looking down I could see her beautiful, perfectly shaped bubble butt all wet and soapy as my sexy naked girlfriend sucked and stroked my big throbbing erection. I could feel her tongue massaging my hard dick, and her wet lips applying extra suction. She sucked me slowly, drawing her mouth back so only the head of my cock was still being kissed by her lips, then sucking the whole cock deep in, her mouth going all the way to my pubis, while her tongue caressed my shaft inside her oral pleasure chamber. She straddled one of her legs over the edge of the bathtub, most of her hot body out of the water and lathered up as she gave me head. Not to be presumptuous, but my cock is pretty damn big, yet my sexy girlfriend always tries her best to deep throat it as deep down her throat as it can possibly go before her gag reflexes kick in and she begins choking and gagging on my rod, drenching it in my balls in her warm and slippery saliva. Covered in soapy suds, she crawled out of the tub and to the bed, where she got down on her hands and knees, begging me to spank her tight ass, wiggling it like a dirty little bitch in heat. I placed my hands on her sexy ass cheeks, and spread them enough to fully expose her asshole and her vagina. My balls shiver when I was thinking about what I was going to do to it. I pushed my throbbing erection into her tight gash and fucked her doggy style from behind, groping her ass and watching her wiggling and twerking it for me. I love fucking her this way, she grabs on tight to the bed sheets and when I stop banging her she keeps pushing her juicy bubble butt back up against my cock. That’s just so fucking hot!   I put my hands on her ass cheeks and pulled her onto me with ferocity forcing my cock to reach the deepest region inside her tight pussy. I flipped her over and she spread her long legs wide open, almost as if performing a split and let me fuck her some in missionary position, rubbing her wet cunt with her hands and fondling her big tits for me with a dirty look on her slutty face. Next it was my turn to lie down in bed and let her get on top and do all the heavy lifting, LOL! She straddled herself atop my lap and let my hard cock sink inside her wet clam, riding me in cowgirl position. My horny girlfriend can combine her gracious beauty and superb dickriding!!! Seriously LOVE seeing a girl take control and ride it like my girl does. She looks so beautiful when she’s straddled on top of my cock. I caress the insides of her soft thighs, I know how much this excites her as she grinds her pussy against my hard cock. I could feel all that hot cum boiling in my balls as I reached the point of no return and my girl gave me an incredible orgasm!