This beautiful blonde and her hot friend both have a huge crush on their history professor so the girls make a plan to seduce him. They dress up in sexy lingerie and sensual outfits and pay him a visit at his home. They are on a quest for extra credits, but the professor turns them down. The blonde’s friend asks for permission to use the restroom and excuses herself, as planned, leaving the blonde all alone with the professor. She gets really close to him, almost whispering in his ear as her hands travels up his thigh, reaching his crotch and massaging his bulging erection over his pants. Her friend is watching her from the corridor, reaching under her shorts so she can play with herself while observing them. The blonde grabs her professor’s massive cock and takes it to her wet mouth, giving it long licks and thrusting it into her mouth, sucking and stroking it. Her friend returns, stripped down to her sexy white lace lingerie, joining the blonde in orally pleasuring their history professor. The young girls kiss, lick and suck his throbbing meat sword, with thick ropes of saliva dripping down their chins as they give him a sloppy blowjob and handjob double combo! The professor takes the naked sluts to his bedroom, lying flat on his back as the blonde straddles herself on top, pushing his hard cock deep inside her tight cunt, riding him in reverse cowgirl position while her sexy friend fondles and caresses both their bodies and suckles on her puffy nipples while massaging her breasts in a steamy threesome fuck. She rubs the blonde’s snatch and tugs on her nipples while she’s getting fucked and as she gets down on her hands and knees, the professor penetrates and fucks her doggy style from behind as her friend fills her tight little asshole with her warm saliva and licks it. She gets to enjoy that big dick too, riding it in reverse cowgirl while the blonde massages her cunt and keeps the professor’s dick well lubed with her spit. These two naked girls are so hot!  After fucking both naughty girls, the professor blows his load, blasting hot and creamy cum all over their beautiful faces and open mouths, watching them lick it off each other and his cock. Of course he gives them extra credits after this! 