My girl works as a wardrobe assistant at a modeling agency and she loves it when I show up her work unannounced. I chose got a new camera and I wanted her to see it. She was wearing a sexy red tank top, a tight denim skirt and sexy fuck me shoes, and she was quite excited with our new toy, so much so, she wanted to play with it right there. She was feeling pretty frisky, filming me while making me get down on my hands and knees. I crawled up to her and I started kissing her knees, moving up her soft thighs and spreading her legs wide open. She leaned back on her chair, fondling her tits over her top as they got closer and closer to her pussy. She pulled her skirt up and she wasn’t wearing any panties, damn! I dove between her legs and started eating her out. My girl goes crazy when I fuck her pussy with my tongue, even if she’s at work! That’s so hot! Her cunt was gushing as I spread her tender pink pussy lips with my tongue and lick her slit, tasting her delicious juices. She pulled her tank top over her big tits, squeezing them with her hands, stimulating her erect nipples with her fingertips and massaging her snatch. My cock was as hard as a rock and she took it in her soft hands, sucking and stroking it with a dirty look on her beautiful face. She told me to sit on the chair and now it was her turn to get down on her hands and knees. She looked so sexy licking and sucking my throbbing cock and my big balls, jerking it with her hands and getting it all lubed up with her saliva. We both stripped naked and I lied flat on my back in her office as she squat over my hard cock and pushed it inside her delicious muff, riding me in cowgirl position. She grabbed on tight to a clothes rack, pushing her hot body up and down, massaging my cock with her pussy muscles and making those big tits bounce about too. She flipped over, grinding her delicious round bubble ass against my crotch. My girl has a beautiful ass and I just love admiring it as she rides my dick in reverse cowgirl. I spanked her ass and put her on her back, spreading her legs wide open, ramming my hard cock inside her pussy and fucking her in missionary position on the rug. She rubbed her muff while riding me in reverse cowgirl again, facing towards her office door. Imagine if somebody came in looking for her, just to find her totally naked and straddle on top of her boyfriend’s big dick! Just thinking about it made me blow my creamy load all over her big tits and ass! 