Ever since my mom got divorced and remarried I got myself a new step sister. It’s odd that we didn’t really get along at first, after all, she’s really hot, but after seeing her again after many months while staying with them for a couple of weeks it looked like we really started hitting it off. We weren’t just bonding like sister and brother do, there was this crazy sexual innuendo going on and it seems to make her really horny flirting with me behind her dad’s back. We were in the couch in the living room and she had her hand on my thigh and was really close to me when her dad came over and sat on the other couch to watch some TV. I thought that was it, but then she flashed me, lifting her top and showing me her big tits in a sexy bra! She is soooo sexy, everytime I see her, I have to struggle not to stare at her big tits and get a hard-on. She’s tall and slim, and has amazing set of boobs. Since it was a cold day, she placed a throw over our laps, she moved one hand down to caress my balls, her hand started playing with my cock underneath it! When her dad got up to turn up the heat (like it wasn’t already getting pretty hot in the room), she pulled the throw down, jerking my throbbing cock while we made out like horny teens in heat! She even started sucking it, but had to stop when her dad came back. Just imagine if he would catch us in such a situation! Luckily, he got bored since there was nothing on and left. As soon as he went through the door, my horny step sister stripped naked in a matter of seconds and got on her knees, moaning and grunting loudly as she took my hard cock in her hands, avidly sucking and stroking it like a bitch in heat. After giving me a wicked hot blowjob she straddled herself on top, pushing my hard cock deep inside her tight cunt, massaging it while riding me in reverse cowgirl on the couch. She was very wet, and she drove my hard cock into her slick tunnel. Her massive tits were just inches from my face. I run my tongue by the smooth valley between her massive tits. I began squeezing her tits and kissing her hard nipples, sliding my hands and my mouth up and down her breasts. She groaned  and arched her back and lifted her hips, slowly sliding my cock inside her deeper and deeper. I played with her pussy and her tits while she was riding on top of me and we stayed in that position for a very long time, during which she got off several times. I felt her cunt quiver and knew she had cum again. Holding tightly to her I began to fuck her harder and faster.   I FEEL IT… FEEL IT CUMMNNNNN! she was whispering in my ear. I had no idea that my horny stepsister was such a whore, she’s definitely a cock slut. I wanted to fuck her doggie style, so I put her down on her hands and knees, ramming my throbbing erection up her gushing cunt and slamming her hard. I started spanking her juicy butt, making her squirm and grunt with pleasure. Man, I left her ass red as a beet! When I stopped fucking her, she wiggled her juicy little butt, pushing it back up against my cock, urging me to keep banging her. I put her in missionary, spread legged and looking at her beautiful flushed face and her big tits bouncing about as I fucked her very hard. YEAH… CUM IN MY FACE! I WANT YOU CUM!! It didn’t take all that long to oblige her with an overwhelming load. I blew my creamy load all over her face and her big tits! As she swallowed, I withdrew my shaft from her mouth and rubbed the tip all over her tits as droplets of sticky cum continued to drip down her hard nipples.