If having a stepsister is already a problem, just imagine having two of them, and just to make things more interesting, having them both almost get into a fight over your cock! Yups, that’s the story of my life, folks! Well, I can’t complain, right? I’m in the kitchen when one of the step sisters comes up to me in sexy denim shorts and starts flirting with my and throwing me innuendos. I’m trying to resist, but, man, she’s so fucking hot and sexy! She drops to her knees and grabs my big juicy dick from under my shorts and starts sucking and stroking it on the spot! Just one wild sisterly sucking! She’s rubbing it all over her face, getting it smeared with my precum and holding it firmly at the base while deepthroating it. She looks just like a fucking porn star, man! I’m telling her she’s gonna make me cum, and she continues sucking my dick as I blow my creamy load inside her mouth and watch it dripping down the sides of her lips and her chin and all over the kitchen floor, not realizing her sister was just passing by as I came and saw us, she saw me cumming in her sister’s mouth! I don’t find out until later in the afternoon, when she gets up from the couch on the living room in her sexy top and pink cotton panties. I just can’t help but touch my cock to the site of my beautiful step sister. My step sister saw me jerking off and she loves it, and offeres her tight pink pussy to me right there on the couch. She comes closer and straddles herself on top of me. She tells me she saw everything and she wants some of my cock too, sucking it hard and deep. She goes even farther than her sister, stripping naked and climbing on my hard sausage, riding me in cowgirl position. I have never felt a cunt so soft in my life. She is riding my cock until I blow my load! I can’t believe I just got a blowjob from one of my stepsisters and sex from the other, all in the same day! But, wait! The day ain’t over yet! A couple of hours later I hear the sisters arguing in their bedroom, can you believe the girls are fighting over my cock? Why fight, ladies? There’s enough dick for both of you! We are family after all. My sisters get naked, spread their legs and show me their pink pussies! Awesome! The girls are on their knees, sucking and stroking my fat dick together. I wonder if I still have any cum in my balls, LOL! I sure hope so! I take turns fucking them both in their beds and blow a creamy load all over them! 