Now there is a REAL show stopper! Kelsi is a sexy Miami native taking us in a tour of beautiful South Beach, you couldn’t ask for a better Tour guide. She has a big smile on her face, and she makes sure to flash her beautiful tits to keep you entertained during the trip. She walks around the streets in a skimpy swimsuit, shaking her delicious round bubble butt, stopping traffic and turning heads everywhere she goes. If somebody’s nice to her she flashes them her tits, leaving a big smile on their faces and an even bigger boner between their legs, LOL! Smiling, plump ass, real breasts. I would frankly fuck her like crazy. If Kelsie is living there, I want to move to Miami, or Miami Beach, or wherever she lives! What a bod, and damn, that girl is daring (or is it that the authorities in SoFla let this kind of thing just go on?) She pulls her bikini bottom down, exposing her delicious snatch and turns over, twerking and showing off that hot ass. I so wanna bury my face in those squishy butt cheeks! She continues flashing her tits as the cars pass by the streets, laughing nonstop, there is no way you can erase the sexy smile of this hot babe’s beautiful face. Goddamn!! Those were some Lucky bastards that were out on the street that day. The more skin she shows, the horny or she gets. As she spreads her ass cheeks and gives us a peek of her tight asshole, you can see her pussy is already gushing. Kelsi is turned on and ready to go! She’s just a little bit nervous as she walks down the street completely naked, parading her hot nude body and twerking her fabulous ass. She finds a hot guy, daring enough to shove his face between her butt cheeks and motorboat her ass in the middle of the street. The type of guy she likes! She looks for a quiet corner, drops to her knees and starts sucking and stroking his big throbbing meat sausage. Dogging is her favorite sexual activity! Well, that and water sports! Does that count as a sexual activity or a sexual sport? Doesn’t matter, she looks amazing squatting by the current and relieving herself, marking her spot with her Golden shower while sucking on that big fat Dick! She pees and sucks dick at the same time then her stud takes her to an alley, bends her over, lifts one of her long legs and rams his throbbing member deep inside her tight cunt, pounding Kelsi hard against the fence. Fun to watch ! She’s very hot!   They have to run around, hoping not to get caught fucking in public as the naked girl run around the streets of Miami looking for a private place to bang! After several times of almost getting caught with a dick deep inside her dripping wet pussy they head back to her motel, nobody is using the pool so she lies on her back and gets fucked in missionary position on a big pink floater. Her lover lies on his back and she straddles herself on top, pushing his fat cock inside her snatch, making her big butt bounce up and down his lap as she rides him in cowgirl position. She knows nobody in the motel is going to complain about her fucking in the middle of the pool, they are all probably watching from the motel room windows and masturbating to her anyway. Her lover has her on her back, all curled up and taking sausage in her tight cunt like a dirty slut, begging for more. He fuck this crazy slut like mad, he is really pounding her cunt and her throat. This girl is going crazy from the new sensation, outdoor sex, sex in a public place, dogging, sneaky and risky sex, amazing! He fucks her all over the place and blows his creamy load on her hot naked body and sweet face! This Miami tour rocks!