These young teens nowadays are always ready for my big cock! Man, I don’t even have to try, I just let word of mouth spread around and these teen sluts come knocking on my door. They are sick and tired of their boyfriends’ tiny dicks and the girls want to know what it feels like getting fucked and stretched out by a really big dick, and mine gets the motherfucking job done, man! This sexy petite girl shows up at my door in a cute pink dress and invites herself in. She’s got naughty written all over her face as she dances for me, teasing me and flirting, hiking up her dress and showing me her white lace thong and bra as she strip teases. She has a nice bush and small breasts with perky nipples. She’s fit and petite, just my kind of girl. So there she is, pulling her thong down her sexy ass while twerking for me and firmly grabbing the base of my big hard cock, sizing it with her eyes as she gets ready to engulf it. She tells me that my big Dick was exactly what she was craving as she gives it soft kisses and pushes it into her wet mouth. I pull aside her silky hair as she makes loud slurping sounds while giving me head, moaning and grunting with satisfaction as she swallows my member all the way down to my base. I’m surprised, few of these girls are actually able to deep throat my cock like she’s doing. She cups my balls in her hands while kissing, licking and sucking my large shaft, slobbering it with drool with each and every deep throat. I push her face against my crotch, ramming my cock down her throat, holding her still until she starts choking and gagging. She drools all over my meat stick and spreads it all over my shaft with her tiny hands, lubing it up because she knows what’s next. I put her on her back; she spreads her legs wide open and holds them by her ankles as they give her dripping wet pussy and her tight asshole a thorough licking. Her pubic hair tickle my nose and have caught in my mustache as I am diving in her open vagina with my tongue. I’m licking her clitoris, stimulating her anus and finger fucking her pussy. After eating her out and tongue fucking her tight holes she begs me to lie on my back and she straddles herself on top, pushing my huge erection into her gushing cunt so she can ride me in cowgirl position. She looks very sexy making that big bubble butt bounce up and down my lap and with my dick still attached to her snatch, she flips over, riding me in reverse cowgirl. I want to doggy style fuck this bitch, putting her down on her hands and knees, jutting her juicy ass up in mid air as I give her a reckless pounding from behind, finishing her off in missionary with a huge load of hot cum all over her gorgeous face, another satisfied slut! 