My stepsister had left early in the morning to the mall so I knew I finally had a couple of hours of privacy and I planned to use them well, jerking off to online porn. She always takes hours shopping, but it looks like she forgot her credit card, so she came back unannounced. She got so turned on when she saw me masturbating to hard-core porn that she started masturbating herself behind my back! All of the sudden, I heard some noises behind me, I looked over my shoulder and there she was, my beautiful blond stepsister, spread legged on the couch and rubbing her dripping wet muff while watching me jerking off! Since we were both obviously very horny, why not fuck instead of masturbating? She spread her pink pussy lips with her fingers and let me play with her snatch, man, she was soaking wet. Her pussy juices were flowing out of her and dripping down her pussy slit. I reached down and slowly pulled out my huge erect cock. As I got it all the way out her mouth opened in surprise, she kept rubbing her beautiful pussy and smiling at me. My step sister said she liked watching me jerk off and took my throbbing erection in her hands, licking her lips as she took it to her mouth. She opened her mouth and swallowed as much as she could, wrapping her lips tight around my cock. It felt incredible, her sweet lips and hands on my balls. She gave me a tremendous blowjob, drooling and slobbering all over my shaft, popping my balls in her mouth and drenching them with her saliva while jerking my Rod. After getting my cock all lubed up with her spit I pushed her to her back and spread her legs wide open, ramming my throbbing boner deep inside her tight cunt, all the way in, making her gasp for breath and squirm. I’m sure she had never had such a massive cock inside her before. Her little pussy was so wet, so warm and so tight as if my monster cock was gripped by a moist velvet vise. She couldn’t help but moan every time my huge cock penetrated deeper and deeper into her vagina. My step sister has big meaty swollen pussy lips and my cock felt amazing between them. That’s arguably the prettiest pussy I’ve ever seen. I made her stand and took her from behind, pressing her hot petite body against my own, massaging her titties while I pumped her gushing cunt with my dick meat. Man, she could hardly stand still and I could feel her legs trembling as I fucked her hard. I lifted her up and she wrapped her legs around my waist as I banged in the the Supergirl sex position, making her fly all over the living room. I continued to slam into her tightly stretched pussy with long, powerful strokes.   I put her on her back again, with her rubbing her pussy while fucking her in missionary position and fondling her tits. Ten minutes more and my horny step sister was sitting on my lap with my huge pole buried in her spasming pussy, screaming in ecstasy. “I love to feel your huge cock inside me. Make me your little slut!” She was pushing my thick cock inside her and riding me in cowgirl position. Then she told me she wanted to be my little bitch. I put her down on her hands and knees, making her jut up her juicy bubble butt as I penetrated and fucked her doggie style from behind. I put her body sideways and lifted one of her legs up, fucking her at an odd angle that made her cum while she rubbed her snatch and begged me to fuck her brains out, not the type of thing your typical stepsister asks you, LOL! I was ready to blow my load, spraying thick ropes of hot and sticky cum all over her face and open mouth. Now we masturbate and fuck to porn together every chance we get!