My friend’s mom is so damn hot and sexy, I visited him just so I can watch her. She’s a beautiful cougar with a drop dead gorgeous body, long legs, big tits and chiseled ass. She likes to flirt with me too, when she knows I’m coming over, she puts on her sexiest lingerie and high heels, walking around the house all provocative and checking out my reactions. As she bends down I can’t help but admire the tight little ass that woman has. Her lace negligee pulls up as she is bent and I can see her sexy panties. The string of the thong disappeares between her round, plump, heart-shaped buttocks, between her pussy lips. She’s probably sex-starved. I’d caress her ass, I’d shove my face right there and eat out her pussy lip sandwich like crazy. I’d love to fuck this sexy woman every day! My friend makes fun at me because he always wins every single game we play, but he doesn’t understand that’s just because I’m too distracted checking out his hot mom. She signals me behind her son’s back, telling me to follow her to the kitchen. There she flashes me her beautiful round boobs and motions me to follow her to the bathroom. There, she gets down on her knees and slowly undresses me!!! My cock is throbbing so hard and dripping precum as she invites me to take a hot bubble bath, bathing me like I was her little boy! My hard cock is popping through the surface of the bubbly water as she passes the washcloth over my chest and leans over me, resting her big tits on my head while reaching over with her soft hands and gently stroking my cock. She removes her sexy lingerie and gets in the tub with me, completely naked, massaging my cock with her feet! I have never seen naked women before. I mean, sure, I’ve seen some MILF porn. I feel her big tits and her hard nipples rub against my back. I bet she’s a good cocksucker! She pops my wet cock in her mouth and giving me the most awesome blowjob in the history of oral sex! Her naked bubble butt sticks out of the water. I know if she sucks me for very long I’m going to blow. After drooling all over my sausage, she stands and inviting her wet cunt to me. She is a 40-something woman, but her body is better than most any younger one. She looks HOT! Face, legs, stomach, pussy, her big tits are shown in all their glory. She places one foot on the edge of the tub so I have a clear view of her swollen pink snatch. The remnants of water are flowing down her naked body and dripping down her clit. Fingers touch and open her labia. I can’t wait any longer and begin to lick her pussy slit like an ice cream cone, paying extra attention to her clit. Her tits are amazing, all natural, she rubs, caresses and squeezes them, I look at them from below eating out her vagina.   My friend’s naked mom leans over the tub, inviting me to thrust my hard cock deep inside her tight muff and fuck her from behind. I feel the biggest thrill of my life as my young cock enters my friend’s mother’s cunt! She is just begging to be fucked hard. Her wet body turns me on as the beautiful MILF leans over the edge of the tub and I fuck her spread legged, fondling her big cantaloupe tits with my hands. I stop to hold back my orgasm. I hear her murmur “Fuck me, fuck my pussy!” She bends over the tub and I shove my face between her butt cheeks and rim her asshole. I hold her ass cheeks and begin to fuck her hard. I can’t believe I’m seeing her asshole and my dick between her ass cheeks, sliding in and out of her cunt. After fucking this hot woman in all possible positions I blow my creamy load all over it and those big tits and her sexy face! I mean, this is the kind of experience you want to tell your best friend all about, but I think letting him know much I enjoyed fucking his mom would be over sharing, LOL! All of our best friend’s moms should be like this. Teens suck, they will never push you down and fuck the shit out of you. They will never take control the way a mature woman will. MILFs will do whatever you say!