This breathtaking blonde cougar is taking a hot shower, lathering up her big tits and feeling the warm, soapy water running down her drop dead gorgeous naked body. When she gets out of the shower, she can’t find her phone. Much to her surprise, as she walks down the stairs to the living room with a towel wrapped around her body, she finds her stepson snooping through her phone and jerking off to the hot selfies she took for his father. Part of her is upset, but there’s this other part of her that it’s always so turned on after a hot shower, and she just can’t resist the sight of her stepson’s big throbbing erection and the fact that he was masturbating to her pictures turns her on. She knows his father won’t be back home until later that night, so she takes off the towel and decides to have some fun with his son. Look at this beautiful naked woman, standing there in front of you while you sit, her big tits, her bald cunt and extremely firm looking ass! She makes him grab a bottle of baby oil and drip it all over her big bubble tits, massaging them with his hands until they are very slippery and slick while feeling the throbbing bulge of his cock against her juicy ass. She gets down on her knees, sucking and stroking his delicious member, it’s so much bigger and harder than his dad’s. She bets he lasts longer in bed too, and his cum loads must be huge in comparison to the few droplets his dad can produce these days at his age. She deep throats her stepson’s large cock and slobbers all over his balls, taking him to the kitchen, where she sits over the kitchen counter and spreads her legs wide open so he can fuck her dripping with pussy in missionary position. He gropes and fondles her big slippery oiled up tits while banging her hard and she makes him lie flat on his back so she can straddle herself on top and ride his big dick, her sexy boobs bouncing up and down while she does so. He fucks her cunt sideways from behind and blows his creamy load all over her big tits! Now she keeps taking naked selfies, but instead of sending them to her husband, she sends them to his son, who she enjoys fucking every day behind his back! 