I saw this beautiful blonde babe walking down the street and she really struck my eye. She was very pretty, great body, cute little ass. She was tall and skinny, with sexy glasses, a nose piercing, cute braids and a nice laid-back attitude. Love tight jeans, especially pulled down whilst being taken from behind. I told her what I did, running an adult website with amateur dogging content and offered this cute slut some cash to flash her little titties and ride my fat cock in an abandoned house! She was a bit nervous at first, still she popped her top over her tits, they were really nice, small, firm and crowned by beautiful perky nipples that were already getting hard and erect by being exposed in public. I took her to an abandoned house I know, the regular spot where I take the girls I meet. There she got down on her knees and started sucking and stroking my big throbbing cock. She still seemed a bit nervous, but I calmed her down, letting her know I fucked in this place countless times and never ever got caught. Still, she looked pretty hot looking over her shoulder as she gave me a wicked hot blowjob. She was wearing a sexy thong and I pulled it aside as she sat her bubble butt on my lap and I pushed my hard cock inside her wet, tight muff. Her pussy lips were soaking wet, swollen and craving for my cock to pound her! She rode me in reverse cowgirl position, looking at me over her shoulder to make sure I was enjoying the ride. Sure as fuck I was! So was she! I could tell by the way she grinded her ass against my lap, making sure my dick went in real deep and filled her up. You see, many of these girls don’t even know how much they are into dogging, having sex in public, until they try it out for the first time and get hooked on it. After that, they just can’t get enough. I was getting a pretty nice view of her tender little asshole as she rode me, but I wanted to see more of those delicious little titties, so she flipped over, still impaled on my cock, and continued riding me in cowgirl position. Her titties were a bouncing and her booty was a jiggling, hot damned! She got distracted by some noise, probably somebody just passing by, but I think this turned her on, because I could feel her pussy muscles tightening their grip around my hard sausage and producing more juices, she was gushing! I put her on her back, spread her legs and fucked her in missionary position, telling her how hot and sexy she looked getting fucked in an abandoned house by a total stranger she just met and agreed to fuck for cash. I was slamming into her swollen cunt pushing her forward with each thrust. She told me she enjoyed being a dirty little slut as I blew my creamy load all over her beautiful face, her open mouth and those nice little titties! Her first dogging experience was a blast!   Don’t Break Me features cute and innocent teen girls that just turned 18 and are getting their tight little pussies stretched out and pounded hard by massive cocks in hard-core action! These naughty sluts have always been turned on by big dicks, and they want to feel them rammed down their throats, pussies and assholes and blasting hot sticky cum all over their dirty faces! Watch them gagging and choking on gargantuan erections as they try to deep throat their lover’s huge cocks! With new teen girls and big cock videos added all the time, Don’t Break Me is a can’t miss!