How lucky I am to have the curvy and extremely sexy black girl for a girlfriend! My beautiful girlfriend and I celebrated our first anniversary by staying up all night having sex over and over again until we were exhausted, so the next day I was taking a nap trying to rest up from the fuck fest my girlfriend and I had the night before, but it seemed like she was still feeling pretty horny I was ready to go another round! It’s so hard to resist her when she’s teasing me with those big beautiful mocha tits! She begged for more sex! Aching and tired as I was, she already had me pitching a tent under my briefs! She straddled herself on top of me, begging me to please fuck her, while I reached for her big chocolate funbags and began playing with them, squeezing and fondling them with my hands. Stripped me naked, drooling all over my now throbbing erection as she sucked and stroked it, her sexy eyes locked on mine, making sure she had my full attention. She makes these sexy sounds when she’s sucking my dick, slurping and moaning and grunting with pleasure and it just gets me so fucking hard! After munching on my dick she wrapped her big chocolate tits around it and massaged it with them, giving me a nice tit job. I couldn’t help but want to tease her to see how much she really wanted to be fucked! I love fucking her mocha tits, but I love fucking her pink pussy burger even more and she knows it! She got down on her hands and knees and pushed back against my dick, taking my hard sausage in reverse cowgirl position and twerking her brown bubble butt atop my lap, what a view! I played with her juicy butt cheeks while she straddled me and she flipped over to ride me in cowgirl position, reminding me how big my cock is and how good it feels inside her. Next she got down on her hands and knees and I rubbed her wet muff as I penetrated and fucked her doggy style from behind, her favorite position. She likes pushing her juicy brown butt back up against my hard cock while I’m banging her and I knew it would be just a matter of time before she made me blow my load, blasting lots of hot and sticky cum all over my girl’s lovely face! I love her so much! 