I met this sexy brunette girl online at an online dating site and we agreed to meet the next day at a local restaurant. The last thing I expected on our first date was for this exhibitionist bitch to flash me, but there she was, pulling her legs over the table and spreading her legs wide open, her skirt hiked up and her cotton panties pulled aside, flashing me her pink pussy burger! “Dinner has been served!” She said with a naughty smile on her face while flashing me her big tits! Damn! Some stranger even came by and complimented her and she just laughed it off! As she fondled her tits right in the middle of the restaurant, exposing those full c-cup breasts, she told me she loved to masturbate herself in public places! Man, this was turning out to be the best first date ever and we hadn’t even ordered appetizers yet! After ordering our drinks, appetizers and dishes, we took a walk around the restaurant and she kept flashing her hot body, tits and ass all over the place! On our second date, she wore a beautiful skin tight dress, spreading her legs and masturbating herself on a Park bench, finger fucking her dripping wet snatch while I watched her. Man, I wanted to marry this girl! She flashed me her tits and showed me a very special treat she had for me, a sexy bling buttplug inserted in her asshole! How fucking hot is that? She was showing me it right as a couple walked by us! We kept walking around the park and it was a beautiful sunset, even more beautiful when she grabbed a ripe banana and used it as a dildo, inserting it in her pussy and masturbating herself with it while lying on the grass! I took her home so we could fuck! I wanted to fuck her so bad as she stripped totally naked and stuffed both hands in her gushing cunt, showing off her clit. She fisted herself and introduced a big metal thing up her pussy, followed by a speculum to keep it stretched wide open! She let me take a good, deep, close up look at her delicious, mouthwatering pussy. Of course she made me cum hard, and I didn’t even fuck her, just watching her did the job! 