I have been going out with my new girlfriend for several weeks now, and we finally reached our tenth date, a very important milestone since that’s the magic number for her, the one that marks the moment she is finally open to having sex for the first time! She’s a beautiful, tall, slender babe with long legs as she began flirting with me, teasing me with her delicious, small, firm breasts. I had always been attracted to thin girls. Her nipples were perky and erect as she stripped totally naked for me. She was begging my huge cock inside her young tight body. Spread her butt cheeks apart with her hands, toying with her tender little asshole and her tight, wet slit. She showed me everything, and it was time for me to show her. Man, her jaw dropped to the floor and her eyes popped wide open when she got her first glimpse of my huge dick! “Oooh! It’s so big and soo hard. I don’t know if it’s going to fit” I guess she didn’t expect something so big, but she was pleasantly surprised and up for the challenge, popping my meaty shaft in her mouth so she could suck it hard while stroking it with her soft hands. She looked so fucking sexy down on her hands and knees, gazing into my eyes while giving me head. I held her silky hair so it wouldn’t get in the way as she devoured my cock and she deep throated it, taking it all the way down until it made her choke and gag. Straddled herself on top, squatting over my sausage in reverse cowgirl position and I pushed it deep inside her tight cunt very slowly, inch by inch. My cock head was in her tight vagina. She had such a pretty little cunt. She was so tight that my dick seemed to stretch her pussy lips. “Oh yes, Don’t stop!” she looked at me with pleading eyes. Her hot naked body squirmed as she took every inch of my cock inside her, it was a really snug fit. It was an incredible sight, I could watch my huge cock sliding in and out of her young pussy. Her engorged nipples swayed beautifully as her hips moved rhythmically with my cock. Her body arched, how she loved the feeling of my big cock in her cunt! I passed my hands all over her hot naked body, feeling her delicious tits and perky nipples in my hands as she moaned and grunted, gasping for breath as she took my hard cock all the way in. Her pussy was pumping up and down on my cock as my balls were slapping her pretty little ass. I rubbed her muff and grabbed her beautiful face as I felt her climaxing on my hard cock. I knew she still wanted more so I put her sideways, lifting one of her legs and fucking her hard. She was begging me to fuck her with my magnificent’ cock. The young naked girl spread her legs wide and pulled her knees up beside her head.   She was wide open and her puffy pussy was gaping open. Her pussy was quivering and dripping honey. She took my cock and rubbed it up and down over her wet pussy slit. I had her in missionary position and I could see her eyes going blank, completely taken over by the experience of having such a huge dick inside her body. I pushed in deeper and deeper and I felt her body tremble with orgasms. She got on her hands and knees and I popped my cock inside her cunt while she jutted here juicy bubble butt up and down, pushing it back up against my dick. I banged her doggy style from behind and watching her shaking, grinding and twerking her beautiful ass was so fucking hot. I put her sideways again, pressing her legs together as I fucked her and finally pulled out, spraying lots of hot and sticky cum all over my beautiful girlfriend’s face and her hot naked body, she loved my big dick!