It was the Fourth of July and my hot blonde girlfriend was ready to celebrate it with style, making sparks fly as she dripped lots of baby oil all over her big tits, rubbing it on her hot naked body, leaving it all slippery, slick and glistening. The oily lube was dripping all over the place as she touched herself for me, watching my cock grow bigger and harder. She spread her legs, rubbing her lubed muff with her sticky fingers and biting her lips, eager to taste and feel my rock hard cock against her lubed up body. After watching her masturbate with both hands I let her have my dick, drenching it with lube as she sucked and stroked it feverishly. While she gave me head and jerked me off, I passed my hands all over her beautiful lubed up body, ass and big tits. She swallowed my cock whole, deepthroating it all the way down to my balls. With so much lube, I was sure my balls were going to slip into her mouth too! I fucked her throat and mouth and went down on her, rubbing her wet slit while I gave her tender asshole a good licking. Rim jobs make her so fucking hot and horny, especially when she’s all lubed up! I fingered her slippery asshole while tongue fucking her wet clam and finally spread her legs wide open and rammed my throbbing boner down her pussy, fucking my girl in missionary position. She played with her pussy while I was fucking her and made me lie flat on my back so she could straddle herself on top, her lubed up bubble butt facing my way as she squatted over my cock and pushed it inside her, riding me in reverse cowgirl, with all that slippery lube dripping down her big tits and her beautiful naked body. I rubbed and massaged her pussy and boobs while nailing her, then I put her against the table and fucked her from behind until I was ready to cum. Fireworks were in the air and so was my hot and sticky cum as I exploded all over my hot lubed up girlfriend! Now I make sure we always have plenty of lube around the house when we want to fuck! Happy Fourth Of July America! 