This hot brunette busty girlfriend is celebrating the big day with her boyfriend, and she just can’t wait to celebrate with his big cock as well, as she barbecues some burgers for them. She’s wearing a sexy star-spangled bikini and ripped denim shorts, teasing her boyfriend with her juicy bubble butt, twerking and grinding it while she barbecues those juicy burgers, knowing his mouth must be watering just thinking about her pink pussy burger. She is very hot, beautiful face and amazing body. They are so fucking turned on, they leave the burgers on the grill and head inside the house. She rubs her big tits all over his face and lets him suck on her puffy nipples while he gropes and fondles her boobs. She lies on her belly and spreads her legs wide open. He pulls her sexy thong aside and slides his fingers up and down her wet slit, stimulating her. He munches on her pussy and on her tight asshole while she plays with her big tits, grabbing them too and kissing her on her wet lips. They both strip naked and she gets down on her hands and knees, holding his big throbbing erection firmly with her hand and taking it to her mouth so she can give him an incredible handjob and blowjob combo, sucking and stroking that delicious prick. Thick ropes of saliva drip from the side of her lips and down her chin as she deepthroats his big cock and he turns her over, penetrating and fucking her very hard doggy style from behind. She likes to massage her pussy and stimulate her clit while her boyfriend is giving her dick and he places her naked body sideways and continues banging her from behind on the couch. He kisses her and she squeezes her tits, feeling how that big throbbing cock stretches out her pussy, going deeper and deeper with every thrust. She straddles herself atop, squatting over his erection, impaling herself on his meat sword, making her body bounce up and down on it. He puts her on her back, spread legs her and fucks her in missionary position. He pulls out of her wet cunt and blows his load, blasting hot cum all over her face and her big tits. After enjoying their barbecued burgers they can continue celebrating and fucking all day! Loved the fireworks all over her face! MADE IN AMERICA! Happy Fourth Of July America! 