A couple of months ago, I discovered that my stepsister likes to spy on my dick. It happened one night when I was shaving naked with the bathroom door open and I saw her through the mirror. She’s a sexy, spunky brunette, really hot. Ever since, I make it easy for her to spy on me while naked, I’m sure it turns her on as much as it turns me on. What I didn’t expect was for her to get naked and hide under the sheets. I sleep naked and all of the sudden I felt her hot naked body against mine! As she caressed my thigh softly with her delicate hands she told me she saw my huge cock and just couldn’t help herself. She’s my stepsister, but not my sister, so when she leaned over for a kiss, I didn’t stop her and pretty soon she was down on her knees, sucking and stroking my throbbing erection. Honestly, I had never been so turned on in my life, getting head from your very own stepsister is a really dirty fantasy! She took her time with my cock, licking, kissing, sucking and caressing every single inch, including my balls in her oral pampering. Her lips around my shaft, her tiny hand stroking my member. I was looking down on her. She was so adorable with my balls in her mouth. She gave me such sweet, tender, beautiful blowjobs , she seemed so happy when sucking my big, hard cock. That was enough for me. I thought my cock would start pumping thick streams of cock into her small mouth. My step sister noticed it and she had me lay down on the bed, and she got on top so that she could ride me! One of the sexiest girls I’ve ever seen! Her smooth pussy, her gorgeous titties with hard nipples, so hot and horny! Now my cock was as hard as a rock and lubed up with her saliva, so she straddled herself on top, pushing it deep inside her tight cunt. Man, her pussy was dripping wet; she was so fucking excited about riding on my meaty pole! She looked beautiful straddled on my boner, her face so expressive as she gave in to it. She brought her knees together, clamping her thighs together on my cock, I felt as though my cock was in a velvet vise as her moist heat squeezed it. She flipped over, pushing my hard cock back inside her cunt, this time straddling me in reverse cowgirl position, looking over her shoulder with a dirty look on her face as she pushed her juicy bubble butt against my dick. She arched her body back, grinding her ass against my lap, almost as if she were giving me a lap dance while I was fucking her raw.   I told my horny step sister that I wanted to fuck her in missionary position and she got on her back, spreading her long legs wide open and holding them with her hands by her toes, totally spread eagled so I could pound her gushing cunt very deep and very hard. She told me she had been fantasizing with this moment ever since the first time she got a glimpse of my big cock and she wanted this to be a memorable experience since it was going to be the first time but definitely not the last one, from now on, my naughty stepsister expected me to fuck her brains out on a regular basis. Just the thought of getting to fuck her turned me on so much. “I can’t take any more of this, I’m going to shoot my load in your face!” I blew my creamy load, spraying hot and sticky cum all over her beautiful face and in her mouth! I watched and felt her swallow my load, a small amount spilling out that she caught with her tiny hands. 