I love my girlfriend very much but I confess myself guilty to forgetting our anniversary, so my horny girlfriend decided to punish me. She tied my hands up and made me sit on the couch, pulling a chair in front of me and performing a hot and sensual strip tease routine playing her favorite Dota. She’s a stunning brunette with a drop dead gorgeous body, wearing a sexy black lace thong, pulling it aside as she rubbed baby oil all over her tight ass, letting it drip down her wet slit as she massaged it for me. She spread her ass cheeks wide open, teasing me with her delicious little butthole, twerking her ass and making me so hard, I felt my dick was going to burst out of my pants. Finally, she decided to release me from my punishment, unzipping my pants and grabbing my big throbbing erection in her hands, taking it to her wet mouth, sucking it hard and jerking it with her soft hands. She licked my Dick like an ice cream cone and sucked it like a lollipop, making loud slurping sounds as she drooled all over my member and her saliva dripped down my balls. She spit all over my cock and rubbed it while licking and sucking on my balls and I thought she was going to make me cum right there, but she had other things in mind… my punishment was far from over! She got up, her juicy bubble butt facing my way as she pulled down her thong, spreading her butt cheeks with her hands and pushing her ass against my cock, letting it sink inch by inch inside her ultra tight asshole! She looked over her shoulder while anally riding my fat cock, I could feel her anal sphincters squeezing my dick so hard! Watching her big bubble butt bouncing up and down my lap made me even harder, I just wanted to blow my load inside her right there, but she wasn’t done with my dick yet, she was barely getting started! She finally released me from my bounds and straddled herself on top of my cock, making me fuck her pussy in reverse cowgirl. She got down on her hands and knees so I could penetrate her tight butt and anal fuck her doggy style from behind. I put her sideways, raising one of her legs and pressing her hot naked body against my own as I hammered that delicious asshole with my big throbbing erection. I had no idea my girlfriend enjoyed anal sex so much and she showed me her gaping asshole eager to get stuffed with my big cock! I impaled her ass on my Rod over and over until I was finally ready to blow my creamy load all over her face, her open mouth and her big tits, but she said she wanted me to cum in her juicy bubble butt! My girl was the Anal Queen! AN ANAL CREAMPIE!! OMFG FUCK YA!!!!!!!! Her anus squeezed tight around my prick causing me to cum right in her ass. Nothing was going to stop me from cumming in my girl’s ass! 