Sometimes, things just don’t turn out the way you expect them to. Some time for the worst and sometimes for the better. I came over to my girlfriend’s house hoping to fuck all day long, but my girlfriend wasn’t interested. All she wanted to do was watch some lame movie so there I was, bored out of my mind, frustrated and with a big case of the blue balls. That’s when her busty, horny and extremely hot and sexy roommate showed up. One of the most fuckable women I have ever seen! She joined us and soon my girlfriend had fallen asleep and all of the sudden, her sexy roommate started flashing me with her big tits! Well, at least somebody in this house was interesting in having sex! With her wonderful round breasts peeking out from underneath her tight top, the sexy teen seduced me while my girlfriend was passed out next to us! The horny slut got up and got close to me behind the couch, pressing her big tits against my face and letting me suckle on her puffy nipples. It was almost as if she was breast-feeding me, man, so fucking hot! I couldn’t believe I was doing this shit with my girlfriend’s roommate while she slept right next to us on the couch! After motor boating her big jugs she grabbed my big throbbing erection and sucked me dry, jerking my rod and making sure my girlfriend didn’t wake up and catch us. She wrapped her big melons around my shaft and massaged it with them, giving me a hot tit job that almost made me blow my load all over them. I squeezed her big tits with my hands while I made out with my girlfriend’s roommate. I knew I was a dead man if my girlfriend woke up, but this was just too good to pass by, so I took my chances, straddling her roommate on my lap and feeling my big dick sinking inside her gushing cunt. Her boobs were bouncing up and down wildly on her chest as she rode me in reverse cowgirl on the couch. I rubbed her hairy snatch and sucked on her puffy nipples while I plowed her clam and continued kissing her lips and feeling her tongue wriggling in my mouth. She kept rubbing her massive tits all over my face. I captured one of her hard nipples in my mouth while I rubbed the other one. Would my sleeping girlfriend woke up and busted us before I busted my nut all over her tits? I put her down on her hands and knees, ramming my hard cock deep down her cunt and fucking her doggie style from behind. I put my hand over her mouth to muffle her screams so my girlfriend would wake up, watching her toss and turn every once in a while.   The excitement of maybe getting caught made us both even hornier as we fucked each other’s brains out on the couch. I flipped her over, spread her legs wide open, plowing her dripping wet cunt in missionary position. I had a clear view of her hairy triangle and my cock going in and out of her cunt. Fast and harder I felt my balls tighten. I didn’t want this to end but it had to. “Cum all over me! cum all over my tits!” I kept slamming my hot throbbing cock deeper in her cunt. The fountain of white sperm hit her face. I was blasting lots of hot and creamy cum all over her face and her big tits! That was the best day of my life! My cum started to drip off her tits as she pulled up her knickers. By the time my girl woke up, we were watching TV as if nothing! My girlfriend’s roommate proved to be one sexy bitch! Why the fuck am I dating my girlfriend instead of her? Guess I picked the wrong roommate, but that’s okay, since now I get to bang them both anyway!