Since I was a little girl, I always dreamed about having sisters and now that life has given me two gorgeous stepsisters, I find myself fantasizing with having hot and steamy lesbian sex with them night and day! I dream of being naked in bed with the naked girls, fondling their hot bodies while we make out and it just makes me wake up so wet! Not just that, my hot blonde stepsister actually walked into my room and saw me squirming and moaning during my wet dream! While we drank coffee in the kitchen, I came clean and told her all about it, a steamy sex dream involving our other hot brunette stepsister. When she came over, my blonde stepsis couldn’t resist telling her all about it! I felt so embarrassed, but turned on at the same time! Especially when the girls gave me naughty looks and told me we could make this fantasy cum true! I couldn’t believe it! They took me to the bedroom and we started playing with my stepsis, fondling her tits and kissing her wet lips! Yes, it was happening! It was actually happening! I needed somebody to pinch me just to make sure this wasn’t the dream! Each of us took one of her breasts in our hands, cupping it as we licked and sucked on her nipples, they were so hard and erect. We stripped naked and played with each other, licking and rubbing our wet pussies and tender assholes. I never eaten a pussy, except in my dreams. I was so excited! My tongue touched her open pussy and I slowly licked up and then down her pink insides, it was amazing. I touched myself while pleasuring one of my step sisters and watching them pleasuring each other as well! They demonstrated on me that girls like when their clits and assholes are licked. Whoa!!!!!! Wait, wait, wait, girls like it when you play with their clit and put your tongue in their ass? Big sis is soooooo smart! They made me lie on their bed, one of them sitting on my face while the other one ate me out, her wet, pink tongue wriggling inside my dripping wet pussy. I was gushing so hard! I just couldn’t stop cumming, one orgasm after the other, my body trembling as I begged them for more and more! All three of our sexual chemistry were just off the charts! The girls ate my pussy so many times I lost count. I also lost count of my orgasm. They were so many. We even squirted, drenching our bodies and the bed sheets with our pussy juices! Then they amazed their little sister by squirting all over my mouth! No more wet dreams and lesbian fantasies for me, now I get to enjoy the real deal with my stepsisters! 