My neighbor was taking sexy selfies for her BF and caught me spying on her! I ran out of sugar, so I went over to my next door neighbor’s to ask her for some, but as I looked through her window to see if she was home, I caught her taking sexy selfies for her boyfriend! She had her jeans down her thighs and was taking pictures of her juicy bubble butt in a sexy thong that dug into the crack of her ass! Man, she gave me an instant boner! She pulled her beautiful tits over her bra and top and shot some more pictures. Her nipples were so perky and erect, they made my mouth water. Unfortunately, as she took her pictures, she glanced out the window, only to find her next-door neighbor spying on her with a huge hard on between his legs! Man, I was so busted! I apologized profusely, and I thought she’d be so upset she would tell her boyfriend and he would probably break my legs or something. To my surprise, she told me this could not have come at a better time, because she was feeling super horny from taking those sexy selfies and really needed a big hard cock to get her off! My fantasies had become reality! She got down on her knees, sucking and stroking my throbbing erection, slobbering it with her warm saliva, kept talking on the phone with her boyfriend as if nothing was happening! “I know, baby. I love you,” she said letting me know that she wanted my dick deeper in her throat. “Baby, I love your cock so much, I can’t help moaning” she looked at me. In fact it was MY COCK she was in love with!!! “I love your cock so deep inside me.” She said. “I love your cock so much, I have been getting wet just thinking about it,” That’s right, slut! I pulled out slowly and rubbed the head of my cock on her lips for a while before I again entered her mouth. She licked my balls too and deep throated my dick all the way down like a Pro! She wasn’t lying when she said she needed cock real bad! She made me lie flat on my back on top of her boyfriend’s pool table, straddling herself on top and pushing my hard cock inside her gushing cunt, riding me in cowgirl position. Man, I played pool with her boyfriend on that pool table! She rubbed her muff as I fucked her and crossed her legs! No woman had ever pulled that move before, it really tightened her pussy and I could feel it wrapping around my cock, squeezing it so hard! She flipped over and showed me her beautiful bubble butt while riding me in reverse cowgirl, spreading her legs over the edge of the pool table and making me fuck her dripping wet pussy from behind while she rubbed her muff, flipping over into missionary position until I blew my load all over her face and her big tits! 