I came back home from college earlier than usual, when up to my bedroom and took a look out the window. Imagine my surprise when I saw my step sister totally naked by the pool, rubbing sun lotion all over her delicious big tits while sun bathing! That’s not all! She got down on her hands and knees, grabbing a big crystal dildo and pushing it deep inside her tight cunt, masturbating herself! She probably thought she was all alone in the house! I pulled out my cock and began to stroke it. While stroking myself faster, I couldn’t help but imagine my naked step sister sucking my cock! I imagined her bending over the bed and letting me fuck her. She got up and vanished from my line of view, so I patiently waited by the window, until I heard her behind me! Damn! She obviously went upstairs and saw me in the bedroom! She asked me what I was doing and I tried to bullshit my way out of it, but she wasn’t buying it. Matter of fact, she came upstairs because she actually saw me spying on her through my bedroom window. Also, the big throbbing bulge between my legs gave me away! She dropped the towel wrapped around her body and got down on her knees, pulling my pants down and exposing my engorged erection. Wwithout saying a word, took my already hard prick in her hand, wrap her lips over my cockhead and took it in her mouth and started sucking it, stroking it gently with her soft hands. She even licked and sucked my balls, drenching them in her saliva, confessing how turned on she got when she noticed she wasn’t alone in the house and I was watching her masturbating by the pool. What better opportunity for her to do something she had wanted to do for a long time? I was ready to cum in her mouth but she pulled her hot wet mouth off my cock before I came, because she wanted my big hard cock in her pussy! My horny step sister told me to lie down on my bed and straddled herself on top of me, squatting over my lap, pushing my hard cock deep inside her tight cunt and riding me in cowgirl position. This was wild! I was banging my very own step sister! She pushed her sexy naked body up and down my long rod, moaning and grunting, looking into my eyes, an expression of utter lust and pleasure on her face. She screamed, pushing her hands down on my chest, slamming her ass hard on my cock. I grab her juicy bubble butt with my hands, fondling it as she straddled me. I turn her over, pounding her tight muff in missionary position while I kissed her soft lips and felt her tongue wriggling inside my mouth. I had no idea my stepsister was so fucking hot in the sack, man! She rubbed her muff and played with her big boobs while I slammed her hard on my bed.   I let her ride me in reverse cowgirl too, grabbing her big tits and playing with them. She got down on her hands and knees and begged me to fuck her pussy doggy style from behind. I felt her pussy start to contract and expand, her climax flooding over her as she started to cum. She looked so sexy, telling me she was cumming as I banged her, rubbing her muff and screaming at the top of her lungs, turning me on so much. Suddenly I realized I was cumming too. Her pussy was beginning to flutter around my cock and the feeling was incredible. I felt huge amounts of spunk unloading and firing deep in her vagina! As she took my love juices, she continued to cum very hard, over and over as I slammed my big cock in and out of her cunt. Don’t miss this amazing amateur sex scene! Just added this scene to my list of ALL TIME FAVORITES! What an awesome scene, there was just so much pussy and tits everywhere I couldn’t get enough. Definitely need to go and watch this one again and again for that matter.