This naughty blond teen cheerleader has been dared by her fellow college cheerleader friends to sneak into the guys’ locker room and check out the biggest cock on campus. She takes off her cotton panties and makes her move. Johnny, the big cock stud in question, is happy to see her in her sexy cheerleader outfit. She hikes it up, showing him her tight little cunt while she plays with it. He removes the towel wrapped around his waist and shows her his huge throbbing erection. Man, it’s as big and as hard as her friends told her! She’s amazed! It’s the biggest dick she’s ever seen. She has been imagining his huge cock in her mouth for so long, that she can’t believe this is happening. She starts breathing deeper, imagining his cock sliding between her legs and pressing against her opening. It makes her drop to her knees, taking it in her tiny hands, stroking it, licking, kissing and sucking it. Her friends can’t believe what they are seeing and they jump out from their hiding place with their cell phones in their hands, ready to snap some selfies and sexy videos of their hot friend and the biggest cock in college! The feeling of having this massive cock in her mouth is so exhilarating. She can feel it hitting her tonsils and sliding far down her throat. She gags several times on it but just slides it back and inhales it down again. The other girls begin stroking themselves, imagining his huge cock in their mouths and stretching their young pussies wide open. The girls leave and the naughty blonde gets her mouth fucked, that big rod rammed deep down her throat, making her choke and gag, drooling all over it and her stud’s big balls. Then the horny half naked cheerleader on the floor, her hand goes between her wide spread thighs and finds her dripping clit as she starts to rub it. He lies flat on his back on the locker room floor and she straddled herself on top, pushing his huge cock deep inside her tight muff. His big cock has her filled so full as she slowly works her cunt back and forth, enjoying the intense size with every move she makes. OH BABY, THAT FEELS SO FUCKING AMAZING! She feels his cock throb deep within her cock hungry pussy. There she is, sitting on top of his giant cock, bouncing hard, giving him her plump pussy. What a slut she is! She has her fingers of her hand on her clit and her other hand massages his balls from behind. She is riding him in coygirl and a sideways position while he lifts her top, fondling and groping her big titties. Keeping that outfit on with the socks is amazing. Full cheerleader experience. Every time she lifts herself up slightly she will bounce down a little bit harder, slamming her juicy ass against his fat hard cock. That massive hard-on feels even bigger now as she rocks and gyrates on his lap, her tits bouncing wildly around. The more she rides his lovely cock, the more she cums, her juices dripping down her legs. His hands hold her tightly around her hips. HOLLLYYYYYY SHITTTTTTTTTTT she screams as her insides gush over his huge thrusting cock, her ass bouncing insanely against his muscular thighs. She is holding his giant cock all the way inside her young pussy as he thrusts so deep and just holds her down on his cock. Her tight little pussy feels so full with that huge cock stuffed inside it.   THAT COCK STILL FEELS SO FUCKING MASSIVE AGAINST HER TEEN PUSSY! She can’t resist touching herself, rubbing her muff and stimulating her clit while her stud fucks her hard. Her friends left because they didn’t think she would take the dare so far. They fear she’ll ruin their reputation, being such a sleazy slut. She doesn’t care, she likes being a whore and she loves getting her pussy stretched out by a big cock in the locker room. The teen slut flips into reverse cowgirl so her stud can enjoy her big bubble butt bouncing up and down on his lap. She is ready to cum again as he slams her ass down harder on his huge prick. He puts her sideways and spread her legs wide open, munching on her gushing cunt, eating her out. She feels his slippery tongue wriggling inside her pussy and makes her squirm with pleasure. He fucks her sideways from behind, ramming his big throbbing erection as deep inside her as possible, making her moan and grunt with pleasure. They kiss while they fuck and he puts her on the bench, down on her hands and knees, pushing his big dick inside her cunt, fucking her doggie style from behind. She can imagine his teammates walking into the locker room and seeing her getting fucked like a dirty whore by him. Maybe they would all join in and take turns fucking her hard, she would definitely love that. Her stud pulls out of her pussy and blows his creamy load all over her face!