While my sexy blonde stepsister goes through her pile of dirty panties she finds something she wasn’t expecting, my big hard cock! Yes, she caught me! I was jerking off on her panties when she walked into the bedroom, so I hid under them hoping she wouldn’t find me. Yes, I suck at hide and seek! While I try to explain myself, she’s still grabbing my cock, and it’s still throbbing hard! I’m still horny since I didn’t get to cum, and she looks pretty turned on and still hasn’t let go of my dick. She pops it in her wet mouth and starts sucking it, stroking it gently as she tries deep throating it. She has one of her pink cotton panties wrapped around my shaft and it feels so fucking hot! Her mouth is so warm and tender. She’s sucking my dick so good, I start cumming rigth in her mouth! “Are you cumming in my Mommy’s mouth?!!!” but she keeps it in her mouth and swallows my load! After that, I just can’t stop thinking about her, masturbating several times but I’m still hard and horny! At night, I find her in the kitchen wearing a sexy top. I pull it up and expose her big beautiful tits, she can see my huge hard-on and see how turned on she has me. She likes that a lot! I pull down her panties and play with her ass, rubbing my hard dick between her butt cheeks. I bent her over the refrigerator door, spread her legs wide open and rammed my hard cock deep inside her dripping wet pussy. She’s actually letting me fuck her! The sensation is incredibly! I feel her insides hugging my meat because her pussy is so tight. My stepsis is tiny and she is so sexy! Do petite girls count as a fetish? She tells me to take her upstairs to my bedroom. There my horny step sister gets down on her hands and knees and I pound her little pussy doggie style from behind while she grabs on to my bed sheets, confessing how dirty it feels getting fucked by her very own step brother! I’m pounding into her pretty good now, and she is lifting up to meet me. I lie flat on my back and she climbs on top, burying my cock in her snatch, riding me in cowgirl position. She is so incredibly wet, her pussy nectar running down the crack of her ass. The muscles in her teen pussy are gripping me on every stroke, pulling at me like it wants to swallow me completely. She rubs her clit while I’m stuffing her cunt and I put her on her back, spreading her legs, massaging her pussy while fucking her in missionary position. She makes me cum again, this time blasting hot cum all over her face and body! Now I don’t have to smell her panties when I can just fuck her instead!  