This extremely hot and horny stepmom is in desperate need of a cock to satisfy her sexual cravings so she sneaks into her stepson’s bedroom and admires his huge morning wood pitching a tent under the bed sheets. She wakes him up by rubbing and massaging it and pulling down the sheets so she can play with that big beautiful erection. She grabs it with both hands and pushes it inside her mouth, drenching it with her warm saliva as she sucks and strokes it. She hasn’t had such a big cock in a very long time, her stepson’s dick is so much bigger, thicker and harder than his father’s. She deep throats his meaty sausage all the way down to the base while fondling his balls with her soft hands. Now he understands why his father married her, this bitch is a fucking cock whore! She strips down to her sexy garter belt, nylon stockings and fuck me heels, lying on her back on his bed, spreading her long legs wide open so her stepson can eat her out, tongue fucking her gushing cunt. Her husband sucks at oral sex, but his son is gifted, making her body squirm as she feels his slick tongue wriggling inside her pussy, pushing all the right buttons. He pushes his hard cock inside it, pounding her hard in missionary position. Her body trembles, overcome by such a huge Dick fucking her so good. He slaps her pussy while fucking it, finger banging her and ramming her hard with his thick rod. He makes her cum like a filthy slut, grabbing her by her hair and pulling on it. His father treats her like a lady in bed while his son treats her like a whore, that’s the way she likes it! He’s fucking her in standing position when his father actually walks into his bedroom! He heard his wife’s loud screams of pleasure and realized what’s going on! He’s a bit shocked, but at the same time, he’s happy for both his son and his wife. Now that’s a player! He gives his son the thumbs up and leaves them to fuck. He puts her legs around his waist and she wraps her arms around his neck as he bangs her hard, cradled in his arms. He lies on his back and she straddles herself on top, riding her stepson’s big Dick in cowgirl position. He spreads her legs and eats her muff, keeping it well lubed up while he bangs his stepmom’s brains out. He’s making his daddy proud! He makes her stand, flip over and sits back on his cock, pushing her juicy bubble butt up and down while she rides him in reverse cowgirl position. He spread eagles her in missionary and finishes her off, blasting hot spunk all over her face, her lovely open mouth and her beautiful tits! She loves being her stepson’s bitch! 