It’s one of those days when all I want to do is kick back on the couch and relax, but my young and very horny blonde stepsister insists on us doing something fun. Since I’m not paying attention to her, she sits on my lap. Man, I can feel the warmth of her cunt even through her denim shorts and my jeans and when she notices my bulge starting to throb, she rubs her crotch all over my boner! “Your Dick feels so big!” she exclaims as she takes off her shirt, showing me her fabulous tits. Fuck, she’s really turning me on! She starts taking off her shorts, and man, she’s not wearing any panties underneath! She shows me her juicy bubble butt as he takes off my pants and sits back on my lap. I watch as the teen slut takes my big cockhead and holds it tight to her pussy lips, as she rubs the top of her pussy with her fingers, working them over her clit. Now she’s rubbing her clit up and down my shaft, I can feel how slippery and wet she already is and my dick is already glistening with pre cum juice too! I look down to see my big cockhead rubbing along her puffy slit as she rides mu with her pussy. She is working just her swollen lips along my cock now as I play with her large tits. She’s giving me a hot cock massage with her pussy. She has it so tight against her pussy that I begin to wonder if he is going to put it in her, then suddenly she begins to spurt. Right when I thought I wouldn’t be able to resist anymore and was about to ram my cock inside her, I felt our parents coming, so I guess this was coitus interrupted! I couln’t get the sight of her young wet pussy out of my mind. I had no idea that my step sister was so hot and she had no idea I had a huge pussy pleaser in my shorts. I nursed my blue balls on the couch when I started getting messages on my phone from her, she was sending me nude pics and texting me to go to her room! The thought of having my fat hard cock pounding her pussy made her so wet. I rush there and find her spread legged in her bed, totally naked and masturbating herself. I lie by her side and she grabs hold of my hard cock, sucking and stroking it. Our parents won’t to interrupt us in her bedroom so we can fuck at our leisure.   My naked step sister straddles herself back on top, just at this time there’s no rubbing her pussy against my cock, I just ram it deep inside her, feeling how hot, wet and tight it is. She bounces up and down on my dick while I play with her beautiful tits, stimulating her perky nipples with my fingertips and watching her beautiful face. She tells me she’s really into rough sex so I grabbed her by the neck tight while banging her, making her squirm, she absolutely loves that. The wall’s of her cunt are flexing around me as her own orgasm rolls through her. I put her on her back, spread her legs wide open and fuck her in missionary position. Then I put her down on her hands and knees, holding her delicious round ass with my hands as I penetrate and fuck her gushing pussy doggie style from behind. She tells me she wants more missionary sex, rubbing her pussy as I plow her. She likes having her stepbrother on top while he fucks her! I pull out of her snatch and start to spray hot and creamy cum all over her tits and her slutty face. Long strings of cum arc out of me, landing on her face like white paint. I scream as I cum, thick ropes of spunk bursting out of me right on her face and her titties. I guess we did have some fun after all!