My girl is very open-minded when it comes to sex, she loves sex toys and has a pretty big collection and I can always tell when she got herself a new one because she has this big smile on her face and her eyes are shining bright with anticipation. That’s exactly how she looked today coming back from the mall with a new suction dildo she got at her favorite sex shop. Now she put on her sexiest white lace lingerie and sticks the dildo to the big balcony window in our bedroom while I watch her, nursing a huge hard on under my pants. She pushes her tight bubble butt back up against the toy, feeling it sliding between her thighs, grazing her pussy over the soft cotton fabric of her lingerie. She gets down on her hands and knees and lets it sink inside her, pushing back against the window, she looks so hot and sexy. I feel my cock pressing out against my shorts and I want nothing more than to grab my naughty girl firmly by the hips and slide myself into her. She breathes heavily as she takes that big dildo deep inside her, looking into my eyes as she does so. She’s on her knees as I stand before her, dropping my pants and giving her access to my rock hard erection. She opens her mouth wide and looks up, as if begging for it, like a dog begging for a bone. I push it in her mouth and let her play with it, sucking and stroking it, kissing and licking my balls, popping them in her mouth and sucking them too. After giving me head, I strip her totally naked, putting her down on her back in bed, spreading her long legs wide open and sinking my wet tongue between her tender pink pussy lips, sucking and licking her gushing cunt. Her big ass looks absolutely superb as she gently sways it up and down, beckoning me down. I just really want to lick her little asshole badly! I move my tongue up and down the length of her ass. On one hand, I have never licked a girl’s ass before, but, on the other, I’m so turned on! How amazing it looks and how much her pussy is creaming. I rub my cock against her pussy and I can feel her swollen chubby lips gripping the side of my cock as I slid up and down. My horny girl needs a good, pounding, hard fuck. I push my throbbing erection deep inside her, fucking her hard in missionary position while she moans and grunts. I play with her slit, sliding my fingers up and down while I banged her, knowing how much this double stimulation arouses her. She keeps her legs spread wide open and plays with her pussy too, rubbing and fingering it. I put her down on her hands and knees, stuffing her tight snatch with my dick meat, banging her doggie style from behind while she looks over her shoulders. She juts her juicy round ass way up high and presses her face against the bed sheets.   She looks so hot and sexy in this position. She reaches behind her, spreading her butt cheeks wide open with her hands so I can pound her even deeper and harder. I get on my back and straddle her atop, plunging my hard cock inside her in reverse cowgirl position. I reach up and take her breast as I put my lips around her nipple, sucking on it as she wiggles her hot pussy from side to side taking all of my hard cock into her. She keeps her legs dangling in the air so I can fuck her hard and fast, by the time I pull out, I’m ready to explode, blasting hot and creamy cum all over her body! “I want you to cover me in your sweet cum! Now, shoot it for me! Cover my pussy with your hot cum!” I have it so tight against her pussy and suddenly I begin to spurt. “OH YES, BABY! SHOOT IT ALL OVER MY HOT WET PUSSY” she cries out as she cums so hard. I can’t believe the copious amounts of cum that he has just fired over her. The outside of her pussy is covered in my dripping spunk, running down and over her ass.