You won’t want to miss this amazing scene with three hot, beautiful naked women!!! It is going to be and it should definitely be nominated for best brazzers scene of the year! Ever since he signed up to a new hookup app Keiran has been on a roll, baby! He’s hooking up with beautiful women left and right, and has several girls on the plate, and he’s about to learn what happens when you bite more than you can chew! He’s out for a run with sexy tattooed redhead bombshell Monique, when breathtaking brunette doll Rachel passes right next to them and recognizes him. She’s surprised when Monique introduces herself as her boyfriend, since they were supposed to go on a date tomorrow. Keiran can’t even start untangling the hot mess he got into when Alexis, a drop dead gorgeous blonde he also met on the app, shows up! Keiran does the only thing logical, run for it! He thinks he made it safely back home, but Rachel got ahead of him, sneaking behind the couch! She notices how big and hard his cock is, and she’s not letting it go so easily, and starts slurpin’ down. She gobbles up his meaty cock and straddles herself on top of it, pushing it inside her gushing cunt and riding him in cowgirl position, pushing her big tits against his face. Magnificent ass, hip, and thigh curves. What a fucking package! Alexis and Monique finally catch up and despite the fact that his dick is occupied, the girls aren’t giving up either. What better way to settle this than a free-for-all fuckfest? The sexy women drag him to the bedroom and while Rachel sits on his face and rubs her pussy against his mouth, Monique and Alexis fight over his cock, sucking and stroking it and slobbering all over his balls. Lucky man! What could be better than getting ambushed and fucked by random women. Rachel joins the girls and they give him an incredible triple treat. The hot blonde gets on top of his cock and pushes it inside her wet muff, making her big tits bounce up and down while she rides him in reverse cowgirl position. The girls massage her pussy and fondle his balls while they are fucking and Monique gets on top of Alexis in a 69, eating each other out while he fucks Monique doggie style from behind with Rachel watching them and masturbating herself, just waiting for her turn to jump back in the mix. Keiran puts the flexibility of his sausage to the test, feeding Alexis with it while pulling it backwards so he can ram it deep inside Rachel’s cunt, who’s bending over behind him! While he fucks the redhead, the brunette sucks his cock and balls and the blonde licks Monique’s cunt. Alexis even slides her silky tongue between his butt cheeks and tosses his salad, rimming his tight asshole while he’s fucking the sexy redhead. The emotion, excitement, and how much fun these four pornstars have together while fucking the shit out of one another is what makes this scene fantastic. He continues banging the naked girls in turns and watching them having hot lesbian sex with each other until he’s finally ready to cum, blasting hot cum all over their tits and faces and watching them licking it off each other! At least now he can just fuck them all at the same time! Brilliant scene!!! EPIC SHIT!!! Four of the hottest stars in the business. The energy is electric and the action is nonstop. The chemistry between Alexis, Monique, Rachel, and Kieran is magic. An incredible scene and a must see. The humor is great, too. One of my favorites. 