I came back home from work earlier than usual and I was looking for my girlfriend, and I could hear her voice coming from the bathroom, but I heard a second female voice as well. Intrigued, I sneaked into the bathroom, where I found my girlfriend and her best friend wet and naked in the shower! Two naked girls showering together!!! They looked so hot! As soon as the girls saw me there, her friend jumped and tried to cover her naked body, she was definitely surprised! My girlfriend was surprised too, but that naughty smile on her face made me realize she wasn’t doing anything wrong, and quite contrarily, she was very happy that I was there to join them for an impromptu threesome in the shower! Man, I love my girlfriend! I got naked and show them my big throbbing erection. The girls looked at me and I caught their sexy smiles. They were looking at my cock, smiling. “Do you like what you see?” I asked. The naked girls got on their knees, ready to suck and stroke it together. The friend was pretty fast to latch onto my cock, sucking it hard and deep while my girlfriend watched and softly caressed my balls while asking me if I liked the way her friend was sucking my cock. Her friend made these sexy sounds while slurping on my prick and she was getting me so fucking hard! My girlfriend took over, sucking and stroking my rod and deep throating it like only she knows how. Her best friend was amazed with how deep she could swallow my long cock. While my girl gave me head, she licked and sucked my balls. Two mouths at my dick, their tongues over my head, fingers cupping my balls! This was heaven! The two beauties slid their tongues over to my head, going back and forth in licking it, meeting and kissing as well. I watch them kissing, swapping my precum back and forth before taking me to the bedroom so we could fuck. Taking full advantage of the situation and with their hungry pussies on fire, they were now ready for my big cock, I was feeling incredibly horny and I knew it was time to fuck two girls in a threesome!!! My naked girl lied on her back and spread her legs wide open and while her friend caressed her hot naked body and made out with her I pounded her wet cunt in missionary position. My girl grabbed her big tits, pushing them together and her best friend licked and sucked on her puffy nipples. Man, the girls looked so hot having lesbian sex while I took turns banging them! They kept kissing and touching each other and her best friend sat on her face so my girlfriend could eat her out while taking my dick up her tight pussy. I had never know her to be interested in other women at all. My girl was lapping her juices as a cat laps milk pot! We changed positions, and her best friend bent over the bed, letting me fuck her from behind while my girlfriend squatted on top of her so I could lick her tight pussy and asshole while plowing her friend. Nothing better than licking one pussy and fucking the other and then switch. They moaned loudly, and they pushed back to get more of my thrusting in, my cock and my tongue, faster and faster, till they screamed and had their orgasm.   My girl got on top of her and I gave her dick from behind too while they kept playing with each other. The girls took turns riding my cock and each other’s face. I took turns fucking them both and watching them interact, I was having the time of my life! If I would have got out of work later I would have missed out on this! Luckily I didn’t, and after giving the hot naked girls plenty of cock I was ready to blow my creamy load all over their beautiful faces! With both naked girls kneeling, they opened their mouths and stretched out their tongues. “I want to see you cum in her mouth, cummm” my girl demands, still sucking my cock. I obliged, shooting heavy blasts. My semen was gushing out into the girls’ mouths, overflowing from the side of their lips, dripping on their tits. My horny girlfriend licked up the cum from the friend’s lips as she continued to pump my hot throbbing cock, and suck the remnants of my cum. 