My girlfriend and I share an apartment with another girl, a sexy brunette with a drop dead gorgeous body and a fabulous bubble butt and we’ve got along fine, but lately, she’s been flirting pretty heavily with me. She’s always wearing tiny tank tops, tight panties and sexy cotton socks around the house, teasing me every chance she gets. I’m sitting on the couch going through some paperwork when she sits next to me and when I look her way, she’s got her panties down her thighs, flashing me her hot ass! Man, I can see her pink pussy burger and her tight asshole! Her tits are things of beauty, her face is gorgeous, and her ass is perfection. She was made to do porn. “I need it in me! I need your big cock FUCKING ME! Let’s get on the bed so you can fuck me” her horny pussy is saying! My girlfriend passes right by on her way to the bedroom and I follow her. She falls asleep but I’m still thinking about our roommate. I’m in a world of my own, imagining my cock squeezing into a tight juicy hole. I strip naked and decide to just jerk off to get her out of my head, but she gets in the room instead! The horny slut crawls on the bed, taking my throbbing erection in her soft hands and starts sucking and stroking it! Man, I don’t wanna cheat on my girlfriend, but this bitch is so fucking irresistible! I can’t believe I’m letting her suck my dick right next to my sleeping girlfriend! I keep looking over my shoulder, making sure my girlfriend is asleep. Good thing she is really deep sleeper, hardly anything can wake her up, including having our roommate sucking her boyfriend right next to her! Meanwhile, our roommate is crawling up my lap, grabbing my throbbing boner in her hands. She slides over the top of my hard dick spreading her swollen lips apart for me. She is so wet, as I place my cock to her pussy and she pushes downwards, impaling her cunt around my massive cock, pushing it inside her gushing cunt! The feeling of my hot cock going in her takes her breath away. She grips her pussy tightly around the monstrous invading shaft, feeling me sliding into the very depths of her vagina. I hold my breath as she pushes herself deeper onto me, banging against the top of her insides. She has never experienced a feeling like this, being filled up so completely by such a gigantic thick prick. She is riding me in cowgirl position, enhoying the feelling of my cock, not paying any attention to my sleeping girlfriend! I grip her hips and help her work her wet pussy further down onto my massive manhood and she begins to fuck me with my hot cunt. Man, the bed is bouncing up and down and when my girlfriend tosses and turns, we stopped, begging she doesn’t wake up. The minute she tosses and turns again, we’re back to fucking. I take her in my arms and carry her to the living room, so we can fuck without worrying about waking my girlfriend up. This bitch is so fucking petite and lightweight, I can fuck her in standing position cradled in my arms with no problem. I even flip her into a piledriver so I can snack on her dripping wet snatch while she’s sucking my juicy dick.   Wasting no time we both climb onto the sofa and I am on my back as the sexy babe mounts me. I flip her over again and impale her on my cock, cradled in my arms and with her back facing me. Sweat is dripping down her hot naked body as she rides me in reverse cowgirl, rubbing her muff. I put her sideways and plow her from behind and I slap her ass while she rides me in cowgirl position. We are so focused in our fucking, we don’t even notice that my girlfriend woke up due to our loud love making! Man, she’s so pissed! She slams the bedroom door and our roommate and I… just keep on fucking, baby! I power fuck that tight pussy until I’m ready to cum all over her, I can apologize to my girlfriend later! Meanwhile the sexy bitch starts pumping my cum like crazy into her mouth. She gags and chokes on my load and tries to swallow it all. She pulls my cock out of her mouth and starts pumping my load all over her cute face. Rope after rope of hot scummy cum spray her face. She looks like one of those fucked-up girls on the porn sites that let men cum all over their faces!