My stepsister is a sexy short haired brunette and she’s always snooping in my bedroom and using my stuff. The little thief swears it’s not true so I decided to set her up. I told her I was going to the movies and I would be back a couple of hours later. After a few minutes I come back home and I find her wearing sexy pink lace lingerie in my bed, using one of my fidget spinners as a sex toy! I knew it! She pulls her pink panties aside and rubs her clit with the spinner. I just love the way her pussy looks, soaked in her own juices. She doesn’t even feel bad about it, she has this dirty little smile on her face and she tells me that if I give her my spinner she’ll give me a very special treat! I don’t know what she means, but she’s ready to show me. My horny step sister pulls down my pants and sure enough, my dick is hard as a rock. After all, I can’t not get turned on watching my sexy little stepsister in her cute lingerie, playing with her tight little cunt, right? She takes my dick in her soft hands and starts giving me head, sucking and stroking it, looking me in the eye. Wow! I had no idea this scenario as going to play out this way, I just wanted to catch her red handed! In the middle of all this, the door opens up and it’s my girlfriend, asking for my stepsister! She hides behind a pillow so she can’t see her and just keeps sucking my dick until she leaves, turned on by this close call! Man, this bitch is crazy! My naked step sister straddles herself on top of my rock hard cock, pulls her panties aside, her pussy slit looks so cute, she takes my hard cock and pushes it inside of her little cunt and begins to ride me in cowgirl position!!! Her pussy feels so good. So fucking good, so tight, warm, wet. She moans and looks up at me, starts slowly moving her pelvis forward and backwards, pressing her pubic area hard against mine, trying to push herself onto my dick at the same time. I’m not just cheating on my girlfriend, I’m cheating on her with my stepsister! She rubs her slit while riding me, moaning and grunting and I put her sideways and bang her from behind with her leg raised. Fucking my little stepsister feels so fucking good! I put her in missionary and she keeps her legs spread wide open, looking at me as I fuck her, letting me know how much she loves it. I fuck her doggy style from behind and cum all over her slutty face. Now I let her take whatever she wants from my room, I’m fucking her anyways! 