This sexy brunette teen loves masturbating herself while watching squirting porn on her stepmom’s laptop. She has her legs spread wide open over her desk, rubbing her wet muff under her pink cotton panties while checking out a hot gushing scene with two naked girls. Unfortunately, her stepmom comes back from the market, and she has to stop. When she checks her mail, she notices several links in her web history, discovering her stepdaughter’s squirting porn viewing. Concerned, she sits in the living room with her stepdaughter to talk about the subject. It’s obvious her stepdaughter is curious about sex with other girls and squirting, and she wants to be the kind of stepmom she can depend on to explore her sexual fantasies and be as open-minded as possible. As the girls talk about her stepdaughter’s sexual preferences, fantasies and fetishes, and she shares her own, she notices the teen is getting visibly turned on, and she invites her to get naked so they can further explore these sexy feelings and sensations together! She spreads her stepdaughter’s legs wide open, using her fingers to part her tender pink pussy lips, gently rubbing and massaging her already dripping wet slit. She kisses and nibbles it, using her tongue and fingers to stimulate her. She knows the proper technique to make her squirt and it doesn’t take long for her to have her young pussy squirting like a garden hose, spraying lots of pussy juice all over the living room couch and floor! The mom eats her out, digging all fingers into her wet clam and stimulating her, making her cum over and over, gushing streams of squirt all over her face, her big tits and her hot naked body. The naughty teen thinks her stepmom reached the bottom of her bag of squirting tricks when the unconceivable happens she feels her pushing her entire fist inside her muff, fisting her until she makes her squirt once again! The harder she fucks her with her fist, the harder her cunt squirts. She had no idea her pussy could fit her stepmom’s fist! Seriously, best squirting scene I have ever seen. At one point while being fisted the girl feels her body gives out is such intense pleasure it is crazy! No woman has ever got her to that feeling before. Now it’s her time to squirt, and the naked woman spreads her legs wide open while the young girl applies all those techniques she just learned from her stepmom, making her gush delicious squirt juices all over her face and her open mouth so she can swallow them all down. Now they can watch squirting porn together while making each other gush! Profound and beautiful human attraction, sharing, and intimacy. Absolutely amazing, both girls were fantastic, great aggressive lesbian sex where both got lost in lust and squirt! Accompanied with some incredibly hot dirty talk. Thank you ladies. What a movie. So wild. So horny. So great. Love that pussy juice flying everywhere! Watch more lesbian squirting scenes!  