This gorgeous brunette is having some jealousy issues with her boyfriend and tries to keep her mind off this problem by practicing yoga with her beautiful busty blonde friend. He walks in while the girls are practicing in the living room and she asks if he can help them with some postures. When he gets too close to her friend, frustration, anger and jealousy get the best of her and she snaps. Her friend was having too much fun with him rubbing against her and obviously so was he, judging by the fact that he got hard and his bulge shows through his jeans! Her friend gets upset by her fit and the sexy girls get into a catfight and by the time he’s able to separate them, they have managed to strip each other naked! The blonde pulls his jeans down, grabs his still throbbing member, pops it in her mouth and starts sucking it! If her friend wants to play the jealous bitch, at least she’s going to give her a real reason to do it! The brunette should be bursting with anger, instead, she finds herself laughing and totally turned on by how this scenario played out. Maybe this is exactly what her jealous self needed! She takes her boyfriend’s cock and shows her friend how it’s done, sucking and stroking it like the first time she did it under that restaurant table on their first date! Finally the girls came for agreement, one gets his dick in her mouth, the other his balls! The boyfriend just enjoys having two beautiful girls tending to his cock. They take turns playing with his big dick and balls on the couch and the naked brunette straddles herself on top, squatting over her boyfriend’s member and letting it sink deep inside her gushing cunt while her naked friend fondles and massages his balls. His cock feels so big and hard inside her, she doesn’t remember the last time neither of them were so excited, having her hot blonde friend fucking with them in a threesome adds all the spice and intensity their sex life was missing so bad! To think she was fighting with her best friend just a few minutes ago and now she’s sharing her boyfriend’s cock with her! She gets off so her friend can ride it too, she deserves to enjoy her man’s big cock stuffing her pussy while she watches him fucking not just another woman, but her best friend. These babes start off in competition, but nothing unites girls more than a hard cock and fierce orgasms. It’s all so hot, so new, so exciting! The girlfriend doesn’t want this to stop, ever! Her boyfriend fucks her over the couch’s armrest while her best friend fondles her breasts and makes out with her. He grabs her and fucks her too, while she watches and masturbates herself. She sucks his rock hard cock so she can taste her friend’s pussy on it and after fucking them both in turns and making them cum, he blows his load all over them and they fight to get his juicy cumshot!   Welcome to the new generation of erotica. Sit back and enjoy the best erotic movies with the most exquisite women from all corners of the world. BABES is the hottest porn site of its type if what you like is high quality porn with a delicious and exquisite blend of passion and erotica! BABES lives up to its name, offering you the most glamorous erotica featuring the hottest, sexiest and most beautiful naked women in the world! These guys have left dirty porn and transcended to a higher form of adult entertainment that truly is art.