This beautiful, spunky, petite brunette works security at this local club. She may look small in size, but she’s an alpha bitch! She calls this tall guy in line apart so she can give him a full body search, feeling something very big and hard between his legs, his dick! At least that’s what he says, but she believes he could be concealing a weapon so she takes him back so she takes him inside the security office so she can frisk him more thoroughly. Since she refuses to believe what he’s packing under his pants is not a weapon, he has no other option then pulling his pants down and letting her see for herself. Yes, that’s a cock alright. And a pretty big one too! She’s never seen one so big in her life, much less so close to her, the sexy officer just can’t resist reaching out to grab it, take it in her tiny hands and feel it getting even bigger and harder as she plays with it, stroking it. He doesn’t seem to mind, and she wants to make up for the uncomfortable strip search, getting down on her knees and giving him a hot blowjob. His cock is so fucking big, she can’t even deep throat it all the way down before choking and gagging on it, putting her gag reflexes to the test, pushing their limits. She loves a challenge and this huge cock is her biggest challenge yet! She pulls his rod up so she can stuff her mouth with his big balls, licking, sucking and kissing them, slobbering them with her drool. She loves meatballs and these ones are so big and meaty! He fucks her mouth and pushes his dick down her throat, ropes of saliva dripping from the sides of her lips and down her chin, splattering all over her big tits. He strips her naked, bends her over her desk and pushes his monster dick deep into her pussy from behind. This sexy babe has a very smooth, bald, flawless pussy. If you like a very clean smooth pussy slit you’ll love this. The naked officer makes him lie on top of it and straddles herself atop, riding his huge cock in reverse cowgirl while he gropes her tits and plays with them. This is the biggest cock she has ever ridden. His dick is such a snug fit and after fucking her pretty pussy in missionary position he blows the biggest load of hot cum all over her sizzling naked body, her sexy face and open mouth. 