This teen couple decides to call for a couples massage so they can check this new experience from their bucket list. They get Brandi, a sexy blonde cougar masseuse with an amazing body, big tits and a juicy bubble butt. The girlfriend introduces her to her boyfriend Juan and Brandi gets to work on her first, rubbing sensual oils all over her hot naked body while flirting with Juan, who’s sitting by. Since she has cucumber slices covering her eyes, his girlfriend can’t see their interactions. He’s surprised when naughty Brandi signals him, offering him a blowjob! He lies on the other massage table and lets Brandi get his big dick very hard and she hips on top, jutting her amazing ass way up high while taking his throbbing erection in her expert mature hands and giving him the most delicious blowjob ever, sucking and stroking his hard cock while licking and kissing his balls and scrotum. When his girlfriend tosses and turns, removing the cucumber slices from her eyes, Brandi hides behind Juan’s massage table. She asks for Brandi, and Juan tells her some lame excuse, so she places the cucumber slices back on and keeps napping, after all, this sensual couple’s massage really has her relaxed… Brandi gets back to work on Juan’s gorgeous dick, sucking it hard and stripping naked so he can enjoy her big tits and smoking hot mature body as she climbs on top and straddles him in cowgirl position. This young mature woman has some of the best pussy lips to go along with that great ass. She’s fucking gorgeous and one the best looking milfs on the site. The boy plays with her big boobs, and with her tight ass when she flips over for some reverse fun. Juan stands and pulls her to the edge of the massage table and Brandi spreads her long legs wide open so he can fuck her twat in missionary position. She makes him lie back on the table so she can sit on her face, she wants to feel his tongue wriggling inside her pussy, eating her out right next to his girlfriend. She has to place a towel over her mouth and bite down on it to drown her screams of pleasure as Juan makes her cum with his tongue! She gets down on her hands and knees so she can make him cum, fucking her doggie style from behind and blowing his load all over her big tits! Best MILF around! 