This guy sneaks into his new stepsister’s bedroom and finds the sexy brunette on her bed, wearing a sexy pink tan top and a tiny thong, talking on her phone while spread legged and rubbing her delicious wet cunt! She’s having a hot phone sex session with somebody! When she finishes, she leaves and he sneaks back into her bedroom. He goes through her panty drawer, grabbing all her sexy panties and thongs and rubbing them against his face, sniffing each and every one of them, which gives him a huge erection! Yeah, he’s getting turned on by sniffing his new stepsister’s panties, what a creep! That’s exactly what she thinks, when she walks back to her bedroom and catches him red-handed! She finds it so weird at first, but she notices that big throbbing bulge under his pants and it really turns her on. It’s kind of kinky having a panty sniffing stepbrother and she’s wearing a sexy pair of panties, maybe he likes them too! She models them for him, watching his huge cock throb even harder, so she takes it in her soft hands and begins sucking and stroking it. Man, it’s already dripping precum from its tip and it tastes delicious as she passes her silky tongue all over his cock and his big, tight balls. Making her very own stepbrother so hard makes her gush as she feeds on his dick, slobbering it with her saliva, lubricating it because there’s no way she’s not fucking that cock, man! She pulls her top over her tits, her nipples are already hard and puffy as the naked girl spreads her legs wide open and invites her stepbrother to ram his huge cock deep inside her wet muff and fuck her hard in missionary position on her bed. After all, their parents told them they wanted them to bond and get along, and fucking is kind of like bonding, right? His big fat cock feels really good inside her and he’s definitely a good fucker. He lies on his back and she gets on top, sucking and stroking his huge dick while he eats her out. She takes full charge over his fat dick. Sucking the head, pushing it in her mouth and licking his balls. His tongue wriggles indie her pussy as she gobbles up his boner and slobbers it with more saliva and spit. Her drool drips down his balls and scrotum and the young girl grabs it by the base as she squats on top and buries it inside her pussy. Thie crazy slut loves getting fucked by a drool drenched cock and she rubs her muff while riding her stepbrother in reverse cowgirl position. She gets sideways and he fucks her from behind, grabbing her tits and fondling them as she gets down on her hands and knees, jutting her tight ass up so she can get fucked hard doggy style from behind until her stepbrother is ready to cum, blowing his hot and sticky cum all over her hot naked body and her sexy face and open mouth! 