I hear some sexy noises coming from my little blonde stepsister’s bedroom so I sneak in and find her spread legged on her bed, fucking her tight pussy with a big pink dildo. Man, she looked so fucking hot masturbating herself like that. She thinks she’s all alone in the house, so she’s screaming at the top of her lungs while getting herself off, not even bothering with closing her bedroom door. After she cums, she falls asleep, but my cock is hard as a rock, so I crawl into her bed and wake her up! I softly caress her shoulders and back while kissing her gently, and I can tell by the way her body squirms as she clutches the bed sheets that she still very turned on. I fondle her ass and she just lets me. I’m sure she knows I was watching her masturbating and she wiggles her sexy little ass, reacting to my caresses, letting me know how much she’s enjoying them. Such a perfect little ass, round in all the right places. I reach down and let my hand delve down between her legs, finding a perfectly smooth cunt. I let my fingertips tease her slit for a second and watch for a reaction from her. She turns over and tells me not to tell mom and dad about this, reaching down for my throbbing erection after I strip naked by her side. She strokes it with her soft hand and I slip it inside her dripping wet pussy, almost effortlessly. I don’t even fuck her, I just stay still and she pushes her sexy little butt back up against my cock. I raise her leg up and start plowing her wet muff as she moans and grunts with pleasure. I start thrusting gently into her little cunt, she then reaches around my ass and starts pulling me deeper into her cunt. I grab her nice round tits in my hands and feel her hard nipples with my fingertips and she has this dirty smile on her face as I fuck her, rubbing her cunt. She asks me to kneel by the edge of her bed so she can get on her knees on the floor, sucking and stroking my hard sausage and tasting my precum. She eagerly takes the head into her mouth, and starts sucking on my cock. My step sister is an expert cocksucker! I lie back and she straddles herself on top, pushing my fat dick inside her muff and begins fucking herself on me, moving her body up and down on my penis, gasping and moaning. Her sweet cunt is squeezing my cock so fucking hard as she grounds into me and I isn’t about to stop it. She is riding me in cowgirl position, so hot! She flips over and keeps riding me in reverse and then lies on her back spread legged so I can finish her off with missionary sex. Her pussy feels so good that I just can’t do it. I cum long and hard inside her sweet little cunt. I keep my cock inside my step sister and I feel her pussy spasms. I knew she has orgasmed repeatedly.  