After ten years of marriage, busty blonde wife Nicolette still loves her husband but she has grown bored with their marriage and she longs for something new to spice up their sex life. While her husband sleeps by her side during yet another sexless night, she entertains herself with an anonymous lover she met online, one that appreciates her showing him her big tits and masturbating for him and her sexy black lace lingerie outfit, yes, the one she just got today and her husband didn’t even notice. Her sexy sounds as she plays with herself awake her husband, who is shocked to discover his wife has found herself a virtual lover. The next day, she is trying on some new make-up in her sexy lingerie in the living room when her husband arrived with another woman! A beautiful brunette wearing a sensual black fishnet lingerie outfit! It looks like her husband has also found himself a lover and he wants his wife to see how he sucks and strokes his big throbbing member, just like he had to watch her masturbating for her online lover. The slut gives his husband a smoking hot blowjob, drool dripping down her chin as she slobbers saliva all over her husband’s hard cock and balls. She hasn’t seen him so excited in a very long time. As her husband fucks the brunette’s mouth, ramming his hard cock down her throat, placing her down on her hands and knees next to her on the couch and fucking her doggy style from behind, Nicolette finds herself strangely aroused. The brunette pulls one of her big tits over her outfit, yes, her nipples are very hard and she can feel her pussy getting wet as the brunette comes on to her. She finds herself spreading her legs wide open and touching herself, masturbating for them as her husband fucks some slut in front of her! Watching the sexy brunette straddled on top of her husband engorged cock is making her pussy gush and finally this sexy blonde babe decides to join them, sucking on the brunette’s tits while massaging her pussy. Her husband pushes the brunette off his cock and Nicolette’s face down on it, making her suck it and taste the slut’s pussy on his dick. She deep throats it all the way down, she wants to choke and gag on her husband’s cock and balls while his bitch mistress watches her. Her husband strips her naked, fucking her sideways from behind on the couch, drenched in sweat, feeling the brunette’s hands all over her pussy and her big tits. He puts the brunette on top of her and fucks her from behind until the brunette starts squirting all over Nicolette’s face and her big tits! Can you believe it? His lover squirts all over his wife’s big tits and right in her mouth! Awesome! The blonde is so sexy with that natural body, delicious booty and amazing eyes. She’s a dream made flesh with a lust for love. She sits over her husband and begins to ride his huge cock, watching his lover riding his face! Her big ass is bouncing up and down with each thrust, taking all of his manhood deep inside her cunt. She can feel his balls hit her as he buries himself all the way inside her. He licks the lover’s cunt, lapping up her juices and tongue fucking her vagina. The naked girls keep riding him and fucking him in all possible sex positions. For hours the babes work on his cock, riding, sucking and caressing until he is physically unable to take much more. When he cums, the sluts swap his cum back and forth and spend the rest of the weekend fucking together. Now Nicolette has never being happier in her marriage, sharing her husband with that sexy brunette slut!   Now that I’ve calmed down, and got my breath back, all I can say, is: WOW!!! This was, and is, the most fantastic threesome scene I’ve ever had the privilege, to watch. These two girls, were, and are, beyond fantastic. Wow that was an all action adventure. Couldn’t take my eyes off the screen. It was a huge turn on for me to see two of the sexiest girls ever drench themselves in each other’s squirt. I loved how into it they both were. Dont miss this full video and more amazing hardcore scenes!