Riley is my cousin, a smoking hot blonde teen girl, she loves visiting us because we have a swimming pool, but I think that’s not the only reason. My dad and I are both single, and I see the way she flirts with him, asking him to rub sun lotion all over her young hot body. I know what she’s up to, she probably wants to get in on my dad’s company. My dad is actually thinking about hiring her, and I know he’s thinking with his dick instead of his head, so I call Riley over and confront her about this. Her reply? She laughs it off while reaching over, grabbing my bulge over my swimming trunks and feeling its hardness! Man, she gets my cock as hard as a rock and takes me back outside, where she gets on her knees and starts sucking and stroking it, just a few feet away from my dad, who’s sunbathing. She gives amazing head, trying hard to deep throat my thick sausage, making it halfway through before she starts choking and gagging on it, that’s so fucking sexy. The wet, slick insides of her mouth feel so good, and I let her suck on me, feeling the sensation of her throat constricting against my member. I take her to the edge of the pool, get in the water, peel off her bikini bottom, spread her legs wide open, I look at her beautiful delicious naked pussy. I have been dreaming about having sex with this horny slut for a long time and now she’s lying on her back, legs spread, while I rub her wet pink slit with my cock. Not wasting time, I ram my hard cock deep inside her gushing pussy, banging her hard under the hot sun. Her sexy body is glistening with beads of sweat and sun lotion, she looks really hot. I pop her tiny titties over her bikini top, watching her perky nipples getting harder as I bang her. She rubs and massages her clit as I fuck her, looking over my shoulder to make sure my dad isn’t aware of us. My entire cock is balls deep in her exposed pussy, her big pussy lips wrap tightly around my cock. Riley turns over, bending her body so I can fuck her twat from behind. “I want you to fuck me so hard. I want you to grab my hair and fuck me hard!” She’s got a sexy little bubble shaped ass that looks so damn hot while I’m banging it. She’s moaning and grunting real loud, so I make her stand, bending over slightly, pressing her hot naked body against my own as I continue fucking her from behind, placing my hand over her mouth to muffle her sexy sounds. Of course I could just take her upstairs to my bedroom and fuck her, but doing it in the swimming pool and so close to my dad is a real fucking turn on for both of us and is making the sex really, really intense! We start fucking in the water. It feels so good!   I take her legs and put them on my shoulder, then reach down, push my dick inside her little cunt. I have never had sex in the water before and this is feeling very good for both of us. I’m standing in the water with her legs wrapped around me. I can feel her perfect tits pressed firmly against my chest, and her landing strip against my stomach. She smiles and moans, fucking herself more, with me pulling on her nipples as I squeeze her breasts. I lie back and she sits on my cock and rides me in reverse cowgirl, pushing her tight ass up and down. The harder I fuck her, the more she moans and the harder she rubs herself. We have sex until I’m ready to cum, blowing lots of hot and sticky cum all over her sexy wet and naked body and face! After I finish cumming she cleanes my cock with her tongue. I guess Riley is not so bad after all. She did want to get hired by my dad, but it’s not like she’s after our money or anything, she just wants our hard cocks! Hey, I can live with that!