This drop dead gorgeous brunette babe wakes up from her nap and runs a hot bubble bath. She had a very naughty wet dream and she needs to cool off. She enjoys feeling the soapy water running down her naked body while she fondles and massages her big tits, feeling how perky and erect her nipples are. Fucking incredible. This babe is sexy as fuck and she has one of the best bodies ever! That sexy dream felt so vivid, she can still feel her pussy tingling as she plays with herself in the tub. After her bath, she dresses up in a fancy outfit. She has work to do. By the way she looks like Melania Trump, would be awesome to fuck the First Lady, LoL! She’s a lawyer and she has to deliver some divorce papers to her client’s husband. He knows he’s seen her face somewhere before. That’s right, this sexy lawyer lives a double life as a porn actress and an exotic dancer. He finds the club where she works and finds her dancing on stage in sexy red lace lingerie. She has glitter all over her soft skin and her gorgeous breasts. He takes her to a private booth and she takes off her bra, showing off her fabulous big tits as she grabs his big throbbing erection and pops it in her wet mouth, sucking and stroking his huge cock. Yes, her client won’t like this, but she just can’t resist! He pushes his dick down her throat, fucking her mouth and making her lick and suck his balls. She is so sexy and knows how to milk a cock dry. Ever since his wife sent him those divorce papers, he felt fucked by her lawyer, but now he’s actually getting to fuck her literally! He sits her on his lap and she rides his dick in reverse cowgirl position while playing with her big tits and tight cunt. So enthusiastic! Fuckin goddess! He holds her wrists and drills her pussy and she massages her slit with her hands. He puts her sideways and pushes his thick cock back inside her cunt, banging her hard from behind, pressing her hot naked body against his own. He rubs her clit while slamming her. He puts her back on top and spreads her legs up high while pounding her tight muff and then he makes her stand and bend over, pushing his rod deep inside her and fucking her hard from behind in standing position. He lifts her up, grabbing her by the undersides of her knees and fucks her in mid air, making those big tits bounce up and down as sweat runs down her hot body. The lawyer/porn star/exotic dancer shows him every move in her repertoire and continues sucking, stroking and  fucking  her client’s husband’s delicious cock until he’s ready to cum, begging him to blow his creamy load all over her slutty face, her open mouth and her big tits so she can lick it all off them! The best part of this is that his soon to be ex-wife will be footing the bill for hours her lawyer spent fucking her husband! This is why brazzers is the best porn production in the buisness! Loved every second! So hot! what a slut, can’t wait for more from this sexy whore. DON’T FORGET to download the full video by the link. 