This beautiful brunette ballet dancer in pink is practicing her routine while day dreaming about her hot, handsome dance partner. The thought of his big hard throbbing bulge pressing against her while they dance excites her. She wiggles her juicy bubble butt while pulling her big tits over her pink leotard, feeling how hard her nipples get when she thinks about him and his prodigal member. It’s not even the way she dances that moves her so, it’s that cock! She reaches down, tugging her leotard aside so she can access her tender pink cunt and play with it, spreading her pussy lips with her fingers and massaging that gushing slit. She’s already so wet! By the time he arrives at the private dance studio, she’s totally naked except for her leg warmers and very much aroused. Without a word, he helps her with her moves, caressing her soft skin, fondling her hot young naked body. He kisses her legs and thighs, moving up to her crotch, licking and sucking on her wet cunt. She can feel his tongue wriggling inside her pussy burger and it makes her squirm as she moans and pants for breathe. Her pussy looks absolutely amazing, so smooth and flawless, so tight and delicious. This girl has to have the most perfect pussy ever! She grabs her tits and pulls on her nipples, that tongue, it leaves her breathless, as much so as that fabulous cock she can’t wait to taste and feel inside her! The naked ballet dancer perches herself atop the horizontal dance pole and dangles upside down while taking his throbbing erection in her soft hands, sucking and stroking. “Take it all bitch, take that fat cock in your mouth you little whore!” She is sucking slowly enjoying the sensations his fat cock makes inside her mouth. He dance partner runs his hands all over her naked body, lightly touching her tittis and caressing her beautiful pussy. She drops to her knees so she can worship his member, feeling it growing bigger and harder inside her wet mouth is such a pleasure, as much as it is an ordeal waiting for that moment when he finally ends her torment and penetrates her. Once again she leans against the horizontal dance pole as her dance partner rubs his big sausage up and down her wet slit, teasing her, tormenting her until finally she can feel him ramming it deep inside her gushing cunt, banging her hard from behind against the window. She can imagine being watched from the adjacent buildings, she wishes they do. This is the kind of fucking she wants to share with the world as much as her dancing. She is young and sexy. She has an amazing body and loves to show it off. He takes his sexy ballerina to the floor, on her back, spread legged, mercilessly fucked by that big hard cock in missionary position. Her lover lies on his back and she climbs atop his lap, the young girl eagerly mounts his thick cock and begins to ride him in reverse cowgirl position. The horny teen is really in the mood to get fucked and polish off some hard cock. Her tits are so fucking juicy, and not to mention her plump ass. Her tight pussy is wrapped tightly around his pulsating cock, seemingly sucking it in deeper.   He begins pounding in and out harder and harder, deeper and deeper. Her tits are slapping gently together, his balls are slapping against her clit. She arches her back and her eyes roll back in her head. His cock feels so good in her vagina, she is practically screaming! She gets on her hand and knees, his dick never stops pleasuring her, pounding her doggy style from behind. It’s almost choreographic, the way they fuck, utterly erotic. It doesn’t stop until he’s ready to cum. At that moment his own orgasm explods and his balls begin to pump all of the pent up semen into her waiting pussy. Her cunt muscles are flexing, trying to swallow every last drop his hard cock gives her. The feeling is so intense that while she is sobbing, her dance partner is still pumping, filling her vagina completely with his cum. Cunt juice mixed with his cum is squirting out of her cunt as he keeps destroying her little pussy.