This sexy brunette called me up for a massage session at her place, so I grabbed my massage table, my bag of working tools and essential oils and went over there. I thought she was going to be all alone, but as it turns out, her husband was working from home and she asked me to place the massage table in the same room! She wanted to get a full body massage. So there she was, totally naked on my table and with her husband working just a few feet away from us. Good thing his back was facing our way, and she told me he was a total workaholic and could stay for hours looking at his computer screen, so he probably wouldn’t even notice we were there. I think this shit turned this bitch on, because her body was squirming and she was moaning and panting as I rubbed oil all over her hot naked body, massaging her juicy round bubble butt and her sensational big tits. They were the most beautiful tits I’ve ever seen. I could feel how hard her nipples were getting and how wet her slit was, this bitch was gushing! I spread her ass cheeks wide open and tried something different, jamming my thumb in her tight asshole! Man, she jumped! Still, she didn’t ask me to remove it so I massaged her anally and when I got in front of her, she could see my throbbing erection causing a huge bulge under my pants! She pulled them down and took my big dick in her hands, sucking and stroking it behind her hubby’s back! Man, this was so wild and kinky! I never fucked a massage client right in front of her husband, and I wanted to see what it felt like, and so did she! After a bit of throat fucking, I turned her over, putting my hand over her mouth to muffle her screams, I pout this bitch on her hands and knees and buried my dick inside her wet twat, pounding her doggy style from behind. The naked babe climbed on top of me, rubbing her big boobs in my face and over my chest, licking my neck and my lips. Smiling and looking into my eyes, she pushed herself onto my cock, making those big tits bounce as she rode on my meat sword and she told me she wanted me to fuck her ass! Man, I pushed my cock inside her butthole, feeling it stretching out as I gave her an anal massage with my cock! I slammed her pussy and asshole until busting a giant load. I pulled out and blew my creamy cum all over her big tits and open mouth! 