I love my girlfriend’s curly bangs and teasing her every chance I get! I saw her in the bedroom and sneaked up behind her with my big hard cock in my hands, ready to give her a big surprise but I was the surprised one when she turned over and I realized she wasn’t my girlfriend but her best friend! It turns out she was just back from the hair salon and she had gotten bangs just like my girlfriend and there was no way of telling them apart when looking at them from behind! Unfortunately, my girlfriend saw it all and she just jumped on top of her friend, thinking she was the culprit! Honestly, watching the sexy girls in a catfight over my cock was fucking hot, but I knew I had to separate them and explain what just had happened. I apologized profusely to both of them, and they apologized to each other. Everything was all right in the world again! As the girls kiss the friend got up, ready to leave us alone, but my girlfriend had another idea on her dirty mind! Looks like this little misunderstanding had turned her on! She pulled her friend towards her and gave her a wet kiss on the lips! Now this is making up and making out, baby! I watched as they kissed and fondled their tits in bed, ready for some hot lesbian action. After eating each other out, the girls were ready to eat me out too! I lied back as the horny black girls sucked and stroked my big throbbing white cock together. Man, with their matching hairstyles, they looked like sisters, like twins! Now that’s a hot fantasy I didn’t mind exploring with my girlfriend and her best friend! The girls devoured my cock, licking and sucking my balls and my girlfriend’s friend straddled herself on top of my cock and pushed it inside her, making her delicious brown bubble butt bounce up and down my lap, riding me in reverse cowgirl while my girlfriend watched and played with her. I love black pussies but I had never thought I would fuck two hot tight black pussies at once! My naked girlfriend got down on her hands and knees, and I fucked her pussy doggie style from behind while her best friend spread her legs and got her pussy eaten out by my girlfriend. The naked girls were on top of me, riding my cock and riding my face together. They took turns kissing and sucking each others tits. I pounded my cock into one black cunt and fucked the other with my tongue. I loved being dominated by girls, fucked by their black pussies. We had the hottest threesome ever and now they always wear matching hairstyles for me! They both opened their mouths. I was cumming so hard that I filled both of their mouths in seconds. 