I’m a licensed masseuse and I enjoy whenever I get some hot girl as a client and this sexy brunette booked an appointment for a sensual tantric full body rub, one of my favorites! I told her to get naked and lay down on my massage table as I admired her hot naked body and poured essential oils all over her soft naked skin, her beautiful tits and her pussy. She  was one of the most stunning girls I have ever seen! She had a gorgeous body, large breasts and a nice ass, a really nice ass, in fact. As I massaged her breasts I could feel her nipples getting hard as she moaned and grunted, her naked body squirming, reacting to my soft caresses and passes. It’s not unusual for my clients to get very excited when I massage their naked bodies, and it’s not unusual for me to get a huge hard on while working on them. This girl’s big tits had me real hard as I groped and fondled them, getting them all slippery and wet with oil. Her moans of satisfaction let me know that I was doing  good job on her as my hands slid down her body, working her inner thighs and playing with her tender pink pussy lips, spreading them wide open as I massaged and stimulated her gushing slit and her engorged clit. At this point, she asked me if I could get naked for a better massage. Of course I obliged and pretty soon I had her hands all over my hard dick, pushing it into her mouth and giving me head as I massaged her. I massaged her tits and her pussy while she sucked my cock and she told me to take her place on the massage table, laying down as she gave me a hot blowjob and handjob combo. I put her on her back again and pulled her to the edge of the massage table. It was time for her deep tissue internal cock massage! I rammed my dick deep inside her dripping wet cunt and pounded her hard in missionary position while she fondled her big tits and begged me to keep fucking her deeper, harder and faster! I got on my back again and let her straddle herself on top and ride my cock while playing with her muff and finally I blew my load all over her big tits and her beautiful face. I love satisfying my customers! 