This is my own story about two people having sex for the first time with each other. I met this sexy teen, a petite brunette fire starter, on the basketball court. She was shooting hoops all by herself and invited me to join her and just a couple of minutes later, she was flashing me her pussy, titties and ass right there in the middle of the court! I took her to my car, and she masturbated herself in the passenger seat while I fondled her hot, naked, sweaty body. It all happened so fast. I fingered her gushing muff and the teen slut sucked and stroked my big fat sausage, licking my big balls too. This girl was wild! Just half an hour after meeting her at the court, I had her totally naked in my living room and we were having wild sex! I had her down on her hands and knees on the couch, showing off that juicy round bubble butt. It was the most erotic thing I’d ever seen! I spread her ass cheeks wide open and proceeded to lick, kiss and suck her tender pink pussy burger and her deliciously tight asshole while she squirmed like a little bitch in heat. I run my tongue up and down her clit and pussy, between her glistening lips, tasting all of her sweet juices. Then up and down her ass crack, paying attention to her asshole. After munching on that pussy and ass, I flipped this tiny bitch over, spreading her legs wide open and finger fucking her. This slut was a squirter, spraying pussy juice all over my living room rug as I made her cum. She got down on her knees and swallowed my big fat cock, sucking and stroking it with her eyes locked on mine. She slobbered all over my member and I could feel her warm drool dripping down my balls. She massaged them with her soft hands, licking, kissing and sucking them too. “You like this?” she said and then sucked my balls into her mouth. Her tongue massaged my shaft as she almost gagged while trying to swallow my dick. I moved my hands to firmly hold the back of her head. I placed the naked girl on her back over the arm rest of my couch, spreading her legs wide open and ramming my throbbing dick deep inside her tight cunt, banging her hard in missionary position. Her breathing became heavier as her body was soon wracked with her orgasm. I lied flat on my back and let her sit on my cock, she grabbed my cock, sliding it up and down her slit, pushing her big bubble butt against it while looking over her shoulder, making sure I was enjoying the sight of her fabulous ass. You can bet I was! Man, I slammed that ass as hard as I could until she stood up, leaned over and went back to sucking and stroking my sausage, then she flipped over and squatted back on top of my cock, ready to ride me all the way to the finishing line in cowgirl position, making her tits bounce up and down while letting me know how much she enjoyed getting fucked hard by total strangers after meeting them at the basket court!   I was delighting in the view of my cock sliding between her pussy lips. We spent the next couple of hours fucking until we were exhausted. I pounded her dripping wet muff, feeling all that hot cum boiling up in my balls and ready to explode and give it all to her! Harder! “Fuck me fuck me fuck me. I want it all! Deeper!!!” Her young cunt gripped my cock like a fist. I put both hands on her hips, holding her tight as I shot my seed deep inside her pussy, sending my cum deep into her vagina!!! She cried out then moaned, “Oh, yes, oh that cum feels sooo fucking good!” That felt so good, I was cumming and cumming… Finally I pulled my cock out and white sticky sperm was streaming out of her pussy and down her ass crack. Just to think I was shooting hoops with this sexy girl just 30 minutes ago and now I was cumming hot cum in her pussy, fucking hot, man! The teen slut put both her legs behind her head and began to play with her cunt, rubbing the cum that was leaking out of her.