My girl is a sexy dark haired Latina and I love to film her when she’s cooking in the kitchen. Of course I also like to play with her titties and ass, she just gets me so hard all the time! She is so sexy. My baby is thick and juicy in all the right places. To keep me distracted she asks me to cut some peppers. I need to pee real bad, so I stop halfway through and go to the bathroom to drain my lizard. That’s when I realize I was not cutting ordinary peppers, but hot peppers! I didn’t wash my hands before grabbing my pecker and now it’s burning like crazy! She grabs some ice cubes and gets on her knees, stroking my cock with them. She’s not just relieving my pain, she’s also making my cock throb so hard! I guess the effect of the hot pepper is making all the blood rush to my dick, it’s mega erect! Even though I’m already feeling better and the burning sensation is gone, my girl is still playing with my Dick, putting one of the ice chip and her mouth and using it to stroke my cock. I guess she likes my dick spicy hot, LOL! Now she’s sucking and stroking my cock, licking my balls and drenching them with her saliva. I make her lean against the kitchen counter, spreading her delicious butt cheeks with my hands so I can lick and suck on her dripping wet snatch and her tight little asshole. I know this turns her on so much! I sit her on the counter, spreading her legs wide open, pulling her tits over her apron, ramming my hard cock deep inside her tight cunt, plowing her in missionary position. She massages her clam while I’m fucking her, she tells me she can still feel a bit of the burn from the hot peppers as my cock massages the insides of her pussy and that it turns her on. I sit on a chair and she sits on my lap, riding on my jalapeno cock in cowgirl position, pressing her big tits against my chest. I flip her over and grope them as she rides me in reverse cowgirl and then she lies on the floor, spread legged for more missionary fucking. I keep fucking her harder and faster until I cum all over her big tits and her pretty face! She grabs my dick with both hands and jerks me off, telling me she wants me to cum right in her face. A few more thrusts and my cock begins to spurt. “Come for me!” she screams, aiming for her mouth.  