Ms. Shea is the hot Anatomy teacher, a sexy blonde with big tits and long legs, wearing a sexy red satin blouse, tight black skirt and sexy stockings attached to a garter belt. This busty blonde is probably the sexiest school teacher of the year! This guy thought he could get away without handing in his last assignment before the end of the semester, but he’s about to find out just how wrong he is in even trying to mess with Ms. Shea! When she dismisses the class, he tries to sneak out with his classmates, only to discover that while he was distracted, Ms. Shea handcuffed him to his desk! Now he’s at her mercy, and since he has and turned in any work, she decides to give him a chance, if he can pass her oral test! She pops her big bubble tits over her blouse and pushes his face against them, making him lick and suck on her big puffy nipples. She strips down to her hot lingerie and spreads her legs while her student licks and fingers her dripping wet cunt. Looks like at least he knows the basics of female genitalia and its proper arousal! He even shoves his wet pink tongue deep inside her tight asshole, stimulating her anal sphincter and making her squirm while spread legged on her desk. She gets down on her hands and knees and swallows her student’s big throbbing erection all the way down to the base, drenching it and his balls in her drool as she devours them. This hot Anatomy teacher hasn’t tasted such a good cock in a very long time and she’s making up for lost time! She massages her big tits while he slaps his dick all over her face, smearing it with his precum and her saliva. He masturbates her while she sucks and strokes his hard cock and gets on his back so she can straddle herself on top, pushing his dick inside her gushing cunt and riding her student, her big tits bouncing up and down. She rides him in cowgirl position and flips over for some hot reverse action and he makes her squirt while banging her against the chalkboard, blasting lots of hot and sticky cum all over the teacher’s face and big tits! Of course she lets him pass the course with an A+ for effort! 