My stepsister was talking to me from the kitchen, but let’s say I was just too busy to reply, so she decided to come upstairs and barged into my bedroom unannounced. She didn’t expect to see her stepbrother masturbating! I was jerking off, stroking my fully erect cock when I saw her at the door! She turned and ran off and after a few minutes I decided to go talk to her in her bedroom and see if everything was okay. She said it was okay, and since I was still nursing a massive hard-on because she cut me off, I took the opportunity and I decided to ask her opinion about my cock size. After all, she had taken a pretty good look at it while I was jerking off. She told me she would have to take a better look, so I slipped down my briefs and stood in front of her with my big throbbing erect just inches from her face. Man, I could practically see her mouth watering as she eyed my boner. She got down on her knees and took it in her hands, gently sucking and stroking it. I guess that answered my question! She got on her bed and spread her legs and I rubbed and fingered her gushing pussy while she continued blowing me and jerking my rod, getting it wet with her drool as she deepthroated my thick member. I wanted to fuck her real bad, so I put her down on her hands and knees and just rammed my cock deep inside her twat, fucking her doggy style from behind while she turned on her vibrator and stimulated herself with it. Her cute little ass was fully exposed. I flipped her over, spread her legs wide open and fucked her in missionary position, watching her playing with her tits and rubbing her muff as I kept banging her. She told me to lie flat on my back so she could straddle herself on top of me and ride me in cowgirl position. She definitely likes to be in charge as she rode me in reverse cowgirl as well. I just couldn’t resist myself. I gave her a nice spank on her tight cheek. I heard a muffled moan from her mouth as she continued to move up and down on his dick. I pinned her shoulders to the bed and fucked her in a pile driver, then I fucked her cunt with more force. “That’s fuckin nice, keep fucking that pussy!” My slutty step sister spread her cunt for me with both hands. The sight was more than I could bear. “Yes, cum right in my gaping pussy! Shoot your load right there for me!” She began cumming as soon as I began to cum in her. Wave after wave of hot jiz launched from my dick and into that tight pussy. I also let an enormous load spray all over her pussy, stomach and her face. She just smiled and rubbed my sticky cum all over her pussy and stomach, stopping only to take a taste from her fingers. 