I met this sexy brunette slut online at a hook up site and we decided to meet face to face. After our first date, I was already taking her back to my place and I had my hands all over her big tits while we drove back home. She had her dress unzipped and a big smile on her face, her nipples totally erect as I played with those delicious fun bags. These are the type of girls and dates that I enjoy! The evening looked promising, baby! She took off the dress, and now she was totally naked on the passenger seat, spreading her long legs wide open so I could play with her tender pink cunt, spreading her delicious pussy lips and feeling the wetness of her gushing slit. She had big pussy lips, just the way I like them, meaty and tender. I masturbated her with my free hand while keeping my eye on the road and I just love the way she grabbed on to the seat and the passenger door, her naked body squirming as I made her cum with my hand! If you’re into thin girls, this girl is fucking eye candy. She’s a slim girl who has a fantastic ass, small pert breasts and thin legs. I had never seen such a sexy, skinny little bitch in my entire life. All I could think about was how I wanted to dive down between her slender legs and bury my tongue deep inside her. As soon as we got back to my place, I stripped naked and she drew her eyes down to my cock. It was fully erect! The little slut got in between my legs and wrapped both of her little hands around my shaft. She began sucking and stroking my cock and licking my balls with this dirty look on her naughty face. She swallowed my cock whole and I pushed her face against my crotch, ramming my sausage down her throat. After making her drool all over my dick I bent her over the table, pulling one of her long legs over it and pushing my thick cock deep inside that tight clam and banging her hard from behind. Skinny girls really do have the tightest pussies! This beautiful slim girl grabbed on tight while looking over her shoulder as I plowed her and then I spread her legs wide open and fucked her in missionary position. Man, this bitch is skinny and fit, I could see her big tits and rib cage expanding as she breathed and took my cock in, so fucking sexy! She held my hands while we fucked, which I always think is kind of hot, don’t you agree? I lied on my back and she spread her legs and began to lower herself onto me, pushing my cock inside her, this crazy bitch was riding my dick and cumming like crazy in our first sex romp!   I could feel her pussy pulsating as her orgasm came closer so I pulled her body down towards mine, reaching back I grabbed a handful of ass, held on tight. I began to pound her pussy from underneath, thrusting up hard into her body furiously. Moaning loudly almost constantly now she rode that cock like her life depended on it. She was cumming and she quivered, soon calming down. How refined she was, she was like some exotic, otherworldly creature. After riding me in cowgirl position, still attached to my dick, she flipped over for some reverse action. I held her by her hips, pushing her sexy thin naked body up and down my lap, thrusting her tight pussy with my beefy meat sword. Man, I fucked this sexy skinny bitch in every single position I could think of and she just kept begging for more and more, cumming over and over until it was finally my turn. Blasting lots of hot and sticky semen all over her sexy face, her open mouth and those two big sexy tits of hers! I’m definitely taking her out on second date!