It’s a hot and sunny day and my sexy girl is ready to enjoy it the way she loves the most! She’s wearing a sexy fishnet two piece swimsuit and blasting lube all over herself outdoors by the pool while I watch her, letting my cock get as hard as a rock. She slips off her clothes, rubbing that slippery lube all over her hot naked body, rubbing it against her tits, her juicy ass and her dripping wet cunt, her soft skin glistening. She dances sensually, pouring more and more of that delicious, sticky lube all over herself and twerking that ass, squatting and grinding until she gets down on her hands and knees, ready for me. She is teasing me with her beautiful naked ass. I see her beautiful crack, I put my hands on her cheeks, slowly massaging them just how she likes it. I start by spreading those slippery ass cheeks wide open so I can slip my tongue deep inside her tight asshole. “Delicious!” Immediately I thrust my face between her butt cheeks rimming her anus with my tongue, stretching it out and rimming her, sliding down the crack of her ass to her gushing slit, eating her out by the pool. She is smashing her asshole all over my mouth and nose, making my tongue fuck her both holes. She begins to moan in pleasure as she uses me as her toy. “Ugggghhhhh yesssss.. Lick my asshole! Lick it good! It feels so good!” she squeals in delight. I massage her slippery cunt with my lubed up fingers while munching on her asshole and she juts up her ass and grinds it in slow circles while moaning and grunting, letting me know how much she enjoys me eating out her pussy and ass. She gets on her knees and grabs my big hard cock, spitting all over it as she sucks and strokes my member, lubing it up with her hands and mouth. She holds it firmly by the base and travels the length of my shaft with her slick tongue and soft lips. She deep throats it, choking and gagging as she reaches the base, thick ropes of saliva dripping down the sides of her lips and chin. She gasps for breath, drooling all over my member and I grab her head firmly in my hands so I can fuck her mouth, ramming my hard sausage down her throat. “Fuck me…fuck me…fuck me…I want to feel your hot cock inside of me baby…” She moans and whimpers sucking my balls. Both my balls are in her mouth at once. My dick wants to explode. I put my horny girlfriend on her back and she spreads her legs wide open as I jam my cock deep inside her wet cunt and pour even more lube all over her pussy, my cock and my balls as I’m fucking her raw in missionary position. My cock is spreading her wide, stretching her pussy. She rubs her wet muff while I’m banging her and keeps her legs spread wide open until she gets tired, so we change positions. I lie flat on my back and she straddles herself on top, pushing my lubed cock inside her cunt and riding me in cowgirl position while pouring even more lube all over her big tits and hot body. Oh God, I am in heaven. She keeps grinding her ass into my steel hard cock. Her naked body glistened in the sun and her long legs are spread out, she looks absolutely beautiful. She holds my hands so she can push her body up and down my hard cock and then she flips over, showing me her delicious lube drenched bubble butt, riding my shaft in reverse cowgirl position.   My sexy naked babe spreads her ass cheeks open with her hands giving me better access to her lovely anus. Her hips are swiveling back and forth as she humps me. I grabs her juicy buttocks, blasting my cock up into her tight cunt. Then my crazy babe turns around to face me and takes my cock in her mouth. She swallows my cock and I can feel her lips on my groin open as she extends her tongue to lap at my balls. She slides my cock between her big tits, oh what a feeling! She is riding wildly along my shaft, looking into my eyes, moaning each time she reached the bottom. I pull her legs up and slam her snatch while she masturbates herself, begging me to cum. “Oh yeah baby, make me cum!” I cum with her, shooting my cum right down her throat. She makes these swallowing motions, which just squeezes the head of my cock, milking me of anything I have left. She is enjoying her own orgasm with my cock stuffed in her mouth.