My sexy blonde stepsis wanted her boyfriend to think that she was with another guy, just to make him jealous, so she needed some cock for a selfies to make it all work and she asked me to play her stunt cock! Why the fuck not? After all, it’s not like she’s my real sister, and she’s fucking hot as hell, you have no idea how jealous I am of her boyfriend who gets to fuck her! I whipped out my cock, which of course was already hard as a rock, and she snapped some sexy selfies with it. I felt her lips close around my cock. She was getting really close to it, opening her mouth and sticking out her tongue, as if she were about to suck it. Man, I was getting even harder just thinking about it! She could see that I was visibly turned on and I guess she was too, when she suggested that maybe we should make a sex tape since that would really make her boyfriend jealous! Hell, yeah! She grabbed my cock and pushed me towards her, popping it in her mouth and giving me head while filming us on her smartphone. She passed me her phone so I could film her while she drooled all over my dick, soaking my shaft and balls in her warm saliva while swallowing my cock. I slowly push in and slightly pull out of her warm mouth as her lips tighten around my shaft, proceeding to gently face fuck my slutty step sister. I couldn’t resist it and I found myself cumming in my step sister’s mouth! She loved it, opening up wide and letting all that hot jizz drip all over my dick! She was looking down at me, a long string of cum was hanging down her tongue. That was it, until a few days later, when she came back home early morning after partying all night with her slutty friends and I decided to pay her a visit in her bedroom. She was sleeping and I decided to take a look at her pussy. I slowly moved my hand up between her legs, tugging her leotard aside so I could access her tender pink pussy. I was caressing her, rubbing her lips and her clit. She woke up, feeling frisky and let me play with her pussy. We had made a sex tape, right, but we hadn’t really had sex in it… We stripped naked and she straddled herself on top of my cock, lowered her body until the head of my dick was just inside her hot pussy. Since I had helped her out the other day, now it was her turn to help me out and give me what I wanted, her pussy! I pointed her phone in the direction of her pussy and my dick inside. The sensation of her plump lips wrapped around my thick, swollen dick was incredible. The sight of her beautiful triangle of pubic hair was awesome. After riding on my hard dick I put her down on her hands and knees and pulled her towards the edge of the bed, admiring her beautiful bubble shaped butt as I rammed my hard cock back inside her and fucked her doggy style. I grabbed her hips and began pounding into her from behind as hard as I could.   Yes oh yes…fuck me….please, fuck me harder… My step sister moaned when I felt myself cumming in her! She screamed and her hips tried to pull away from me, but my grip was firm and I plunged into her mercilessly until my cock bumped into her cervix. I pulled out my cock, it was slick with her pussy juice. She began to twerk her ass and my cum began to dribble and bubble out of her open vagina, making some funny sounds. “Now I want you to cum for me again” I flipped her over and spread her legs wide open, giving her more dick, this time in missionary position. She wasn’t doing it to make her boyfriend jealous this time, there were no cameras and no selfies, she was fucking with me because she loved her step brother’s cock and wanted to feel it inside her, banging her hard! I blew my load all over her and she dumped her boyfriend the next day and now we fuck all the time!