This young male masseuse is used to his usual clientele of old, fat farts, so he’s pleasantly surprised when he receives this beautiful young lady who came in with her couple for a solo massage. While her couple sits in the waiting room and puts on his headphones he escorts the young lady to the massage room. As she strips naked in front of him, he can’t believe how tight and sexy her body is, nothing like the usual flabby, chubby, fat shapes he gets on his table on a daily basis. This bitch has a big, juicy bubble butt, gorgeous legs and delicious tits. As he rubs baby oil all over her hot naked skin and rubbing her down he can see the way she reacts to his passes, squirming as she moans and grunts, visibly getting turned on as he works on her sexy body. He gets on top of her while she’s on her back so he can work on her joints and he knows she can feel his big throbbing member rubbing against the crack of her naked ass through his slacks. He arches her body back and she juts her bubble butt way up high while he applies more baby oil all over her butt cheeks and watches it dripping down the crack of her ass and her gushing pink slit. While caressing her calves, his face is just a few inches away from her ass and he just can’t resist getting up close and sniffing her. He overestimated his charm, and she gets furious. She’s ready to walk out of the massage room but she grabs the door handle so hard, it breaks in her hand, leaving them both locked in. No matter how hard she knocks on the door, her boyfriend can’t hear her with those big ass headphones on. Oddly, being locked up with this perv masseuse suddenly becomes an incredibly erotic scenario and this hot slut gives in to her deepest sexual fantasies! Down on her hands and knees on top of the massage table, the slut finds herself getting her mouth fucked by the masseuse and his prodigal erection, ramming it down her throat and making her gag and drool all over his member and balls. This guy is in sexual heaven! How could he ask for anything more? This crazy bitch is jerking her head back and forth, swallowing his huge cock down to his nuts and squealing uncontrollably. This is the best blowjob and the best face fucking I have ever seen! With his huge cock lubricated with her saliva, he bends her over the massage table, spreading her legs wide open and pounded her gushing pussy from behind. It was only seconds later she was cumming like crazy! She moaned, she whimpered, she squealed, getting her cunt pounded hard! She wants to be fucked so hard that she screams through her orgasms than I can’t count. She can scream as loud as she wants to, her boyfriend can’t hear her outside. The masseuse fucks her in the dirtiest and nastiest sexual positions, most of which she had no idea even existed. His big cock feels so good inside her. He looks up at this naked girl, bouncing wildly on top of him, her big tits jumping and slapping around above his head. These two big boobs swing and and collide together with loud slapping sounds. The naked babe fucks up and down on the thick meaty cock.   The crazy babe fucks herself so hard that his own cock slaps violently against her ass. Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Precum spatters all over her sexy ass. She needs to be fucked, she need to be fucked so hard that she will be remembering this sex massage every time she sits down for the next week. “KEEP FUCKING ME….FUCK IT …BANG THAT CUNT….ARRRR….OHHHH…YEAH…..FUCK ME…FUCK ME!” Her dirty talk really has an effect on him. His big balls smacking against her flesh. This pussy massage brings her to another cunt-gushing orgasm. Her gapping fuck hole began to squirt! She has the most amazing squirting orgasm and she can’t believe how hard he is fucking her. The massage room turns into a parlor of forbidden pleasures as the masseuse spanks her ass, slaps her face, grabs her neck and gives her the roughest, kinkiest fuck of her life, blasting hot cum all over her face. She leaves totally relaxed, not before getting an appointment for the next day!