I need to lose a few extra pounds so I asked my sexy roommate and best friend if she could work out with me! She was drinking a smoothie in the kitchen in a sexy yellow tank top and itty bitty camo shorts that stuck to her body like a second skin. I couldn’t believe it when she told me she actually doesn’t work out, she has such a hot body! She makes me so jealous! Well, not just jealous, she also makes me get very wet! She refused to work out with me, telling me she was going to run some errands, but a while later I caught her in her room, working out! I felt so betrayed! I told her I would forgive me if she showed me a few workout routines. The more we worked out, the hotter I was getting, I couldn’t get my eyes off her tight body and she knew it, that’s probably why she didn’t want to work out with me in the first place. However, when I started touching her body, she let me, and she reciprocated too. I guess this work out got us both hot and bothered! We started kissing and touching each other and I took off my shorts and panties, which were already drenched in my gushing pussy juices, by the way. I spread my legs wide open and she dived between them, I could feel her silky tongue wriggling inside my cunt, OMG, it felt like fucking heaven! I pulled my top over my tits so I could play with them while she ate me out, my nipples were so fucking hard too! I put her down on her hands and knees, pulling down on her shorts, exposing that perfect bubble shaped ass, spreading her luscious ass cheeks wide open and licking both her asshole and her delicious cunt, I just wanted to devour her whole! She pulled her top over her awesome titties too so I could play with them as we scissored each other, tribbing, rubbing our wet pussies together and cumming so hard! Soon she was squirting in my mouth!!! “ahhhhh….. so good…. ger little cunt….. yesss..” I tried to swallow all of it. I made her cum with my tongue again and I felt so hot. This was the best fucking workout I ever had with another girl and now we work out together all the time, though honestly, we always end up having hot lesbian sex, which is what really matters, right?  