This sexy brunette girl has a very special kink; she enjoys masturbating in the changing rooms of the stores she visits. She picks up a couple of dresses and takes them to the changing room, where she strips down to her sexy pink lace panties and starts rubbing her muff over them. The store manager notices strange sounds coming from the changing room as he passes by. They sound like moans and grunts, can it be? In the meantime, inside the changing room, the teen slut has retrieved a huge dildo from her purse and pushes it deep inside her dripping wet muff. Man, she came prepared! She checks herself out in the mirror while masturbating, fucking herself with the big dildo and wiggling her big round ass. The store manager asks her if she’s alright and she tells him all is okay as she places the dildo on the mirror with its suction cup and starts filming herself while pushing her hot ass back up against it. The way the dresser is moving makes the store manager take a peek, just in case, and he realizes what’s going on inside! The sexy slut just drops on her knees upon seeing him, unzipping his pants and pushing him inside the dresser so she can suck and stroke his big throbbing erection. These young teens love sucking and fucking huge cocks! She pushes herself back up against her dildo while sucking him off and he takes her camera and keeps filming, now he’s part of the action too! Hearing the sexy noises coming from the changing room, the clients sneak a peek and rush out of the store when they see the manager banging one of the clients. You’d think they’d stick around, right? LOL! Now that they’re alone, the manager takes her outside, lying flat on the floor so she can straddle herself on top and impale her tight pussy on his big hard cock, making her sexy little tits bounce up and down while riding on his shaft in reverse cowgirl position. He flips her over, pressing her hot naked body against his own, slapping her juicy ass while pounding her hard in cowgirl position. He is slamming his beer can thick massive penis into her pink pussy with full force! His cock is making sloppy wet sounds as it slams into her pussy fast and hard. He puts her down on her hands and knees so he can fuck her doggie style from behind until finally blowing his creamy load all over her slutty face! 