I’m trying to film a documentary about the public school system, but this hot brunette babe in fancy executive clothes and glasses is just not letting me do my job. She’s wearing a sexy white blouse, a black skirt and high heels. She has long legs and a spanking hot body and the way she keeps looking at me lets me know she needs and wants some cock. She seems to have really big tits under her blouse and I know these executive girls don’t always get paid what they deserve, so I offered her some quick and easy cash if she agrees to show me those big tits, and agrees she does! She hops into the backseat of my car and pops her blouse wide open, letting those big beautiful bubble tits bounce up and down. This babe has the biggest and the most amazing tits I’ve ever seen! Without any hesitation she wraps her tits around my dick, takes the head in her mouth and gives me amazing blowjob titjob combo. Amazing tittyfuck with my cock in her mouth. I’m simply in paradise. She straddles herself on top of my rock hard cock in the backseat and pushes it deep inside her already dripping wet cunt, pressing her hot naked body and those big boobs against me while bouncing up and down my lap, riding my member in cowgirl position. I grab chunks of her delicious ass while banging her hard and I put her down on her hands and knees, fucking that tight pussy doggie style from behind on watching her big tits swaying about. I put her on her back, spreading her legs wide open, telling her to massage her big tits for me while I’m banging her in missionary position, she screaming at the top of her lungs, just begging me to keep fucking her harder, deeper and faster. I love these executive types because they always turn out to be big sluts in the sack. I put her back on all fours on the floor of the van so I can keep pounding that tight bubble butt from behind, it just doesn’t give up, baby! After fucking her hard, I blow my creamy load all over her big tits and that slutty face and watch her lick it off! After I’m done fucking her, I dump her on the side of the road and watch her running behind our van half naked while we head back to our previous location so we can finish filming this documentary not that this dumb bitch isn’t going to be getting in the way. Man, I love it when a plan comes together! 