It’s finally that day, a wedding day, and his dad’s new girlfriend is going to be this guy’s future stepmom. He’s the best man, and his dad asks him to go check on the bride, since the ceremony should start in a short while and he can’t see the bride before the wedding! He goes upstairs, her bedroom door is open, and she’s trying on her bridal lingerie with her wedding gown on. Her big beautiful tits are exposed and she looks so hot and sexy in that white lace lingerie outfit that he just can’t help whipping out his big throbbing cock and jerking off while spying on her. On her body these incredibly large, round breasts are a miracle of gravity and seem to burst at any time, squirting gallons of fresh milk. He gets caught, of course! His future stepmom grabs him by his big dick and brings him into the bedroom, making sure to close the door behind them with lock. She doesn’t want any interruptions. She’s going to get married with his dad in just a couple of minutes and she wants to enjoy her future stepson’s big hard cock before they officially become family. He grabs her big tits and motorboats them, sucking on her puffy nipples, wrapping them around his big throbbing member so she can massage it with them, giving him a hot tit job. She bends over the door and he Rams his big fat cock deep inside her gushing pussy, fucking her hard from behind while she moans and grunts, spreading her lovely ass cheeks wide open with her hands so he can penetrate her even deeper, what a slut! He gets on the bed, the same bed this slut will be sharing with his dad, and she straddles herself on top, grabbing his meaty cock and pushing it deep inside her cunt. She rides him in cowgirl position, her big tits bouncing up and down as he flips her over, putting her in a Full Sex Nelson! She gets down on her hands and knees, jutting her ass way up high, begging him to fuck her pussy real deep doggy style from behind, she wants to marry his dad but she wants to be her stepson’s bitch! He blows his load all over her slutty face and her big tits, then she cleans herself up and he accompanies her downstairs with a big smile on their faces as they get this wedding started! 