This beautiful brunette doll and her boyfriend are celebrating their anniversary and have decided to take a sensual couple’s massage. As they strip naked and get on the massage tables, the lusty masseuse watches them, totally turned on and rubbing her wet muff under her shorts and fondling her tits under her top. Her female client totally turns her on, and she wants to have some fun with her during this massage session. She makes them both lie on their backs and close their eyes as she removes the towel covering the brunette’s hot naked body. She oils up her hands and passes them all over her body, caressing, massaging, rubbing, kneading and fondling her. Judging by her breathing and her erect nipples, she is getting as aroused by this experience as she is. She starts working her lower body, grazing her pubic hairs and her wet slit, feeling her body squirming. Her pubic mound looks amazing with this little bush at the top. She digs her fingers between her tender pink pussy lips, stretching them apart as she works the brunette’s gushing slit and starts to masturbate her, finger fucking her while fondling her tits as she looks over to make sure her boyfriend is not watching! She doesn’t want the masseuse to stop! Finally, she makes her cum. The brunette is totally satisfied, but the masseuse is still horny, so she moves on to her client’s boyfriend! She pulls her top up and rubs her big tits against his face while stroking his big delicious cock, popping it into her wet mouth and giving him head while massaging his balls. She has a dirty idea in mind and after stripping naked he climbs on the brunette’s massage table, spreading her legs and eating her out while her boyfriend is fucking her doggy style from behind! This sexy couple’s massage has turned into a full blown threesome fuck! The brunette is totally turned on watching her boyfriend fucking the masseuse while she masturbates herself and she turns over so he can lick her muff and her boyfriend’s dick as they fuck. The young naked girl rides on her boyfriend’s cock while the naked woman stimulates their hot naked bodies and their genitals and after riding on his hard cock too, he makes him cum all over her big tits so his girlfriend can lick all that sticky cum off them as they kiss! 