This sexy brunette girlfriend really wants to get fucked hard by her boyfriend’s huge throbbing erection, only he’s too distracted by his video games! No game is more important than sex with your lady! While she holds his big dick firmly at the base and passes her wet tongue all over its surface, his eyes and attention are on the TV screen, fixated on his game. She’s wearing a sexy blue tank top and a skimpy pink thong that digs deep into the crack of her juicy bubble butt, but he’s not paying attention to this, just the screen. It’s all about the game. At least his cock is present as she sucks and strokes it, licking the salty precum flowing from its tip. She’s drooling all over it, jerking it with both hands deep throating it all the way down to the base before getting up and removing her thong. This guy can maintain an erection, get a blowjob and concentrate on the game he is playing. Her pussy is gushing hard and she really needs to feel that big dick stuffed inside her and banging her hard. With the top over her delicious tits, she straddles herself atop his hard cock and lets it sink inside her, squatting over his lap while riding his big boner in reverse cowgirl, while he leans sideways so he can keep playing his game while she rides on his dick. She massages her pussy while bouncing on his cock, letting him know how good it feels and hoping that at some point, he leaves his game aside and focuses some of his attention on her. It takes some time, but he passes her the control while placing his hands on her ass, pushing her up and down his long shaft while she takes over the game. The wait is well worth it! He spreads her legs wide open and eats her out while she plays the game now, which kind of turns him on, and they get into a 69, with her sucking and stroking his dick and him eating her out. Finally the game is no longer the center of attention as she pushes his joystick inside her cunt and keeps riding it! This girl loves rough sex! He puts her in the full sex nelson, driving his sausage deep inside her gaping asshole and cums all over her big tits and slutty face after giving her anal! Love the reverse cowgirl with pussy and anal and anal pile driver! Thank you Reality Kings for listening to the requests of your members who enjoy anal scenes. Megan is smashing,…lovely face, great expression, great smile, great tight natural body and an incredibly edible pussy,…one of the sweetest in the business. Love her “fun” personality and the zeal with she approaches sex. That huge dick of Jmac’s put a good stretch on her tight pussy,…and her back door! Great to see her enjoying both,…and then the cum shot and his cock in her mouth after being up the deep dark hole. YUM!!! 