I was passing by my stepsister’s bedroom when I heard her yelling; she was fighting with her boyfriend on the phone. She hung up and after a few seconds of silence I heard her sobbing. I wanted to console her, I know these situations suck. She gave me a big hug. She was wearing a white jersey and cotton panties and I could feel her tight, hot body against mine. As it turns out, the guy cheated on her because she has small tits. What a loser! I think my stepsister looks absolutely hot with her small breasts and I told her so. I just wanted to cheer her up, but I think I got her in one of them vulnerable moments. She was feeling insecure about herself and her body, and I wanted to reassure her. I softly caressed her body as she removed her jersey and her bra and let me take a look at her beautiful breasts, man; they made my cock throb so hard under my pants. I saw the way she looked at my bulge and I grabbed my cock and stroked it in front of her. She wet her lips and took it in her soft hands, stroking it gently and feeling it getting even harder as she played with it. My blonde step sister leaned over, opening up her sexy little mouth and pushing my throbbing erection inside it, sucking and stroking my cock. Fuck, this felt so good! I couldn’t believe what an asshole her boyfriend was, how can you cheat on somebody so fucking hot and sexy like this little angel? Well, if he couldn’t appreciate her, I sure could! We both stripped naked and she deep throated my throbbing member, drooling all over it while sucking on my balls. I spread her legs wide open, eating her out, lapping her slit and drinking her juices. Her little hole wanted my hard dick inside. She opened her legs to give me greater access to pleasure her. I pushed my dick into her wet and slippery pussy, my hard cock deep inside her gushing cunt, fucking her in missionary position. She was so fucking tight! My step sister has beautiful outer cunt lips. Her big labia were spread wide and the pink flesh inside was clearly visible. Gone were the tears from her eyes, replaced by a huge smile as she straddled herself on top and rode my hard cock in cowgirl position. Completely out of control, she screams, “I’m cumming, I’m cumming,” over and over again. I grabbed her juicy ass with both hands while pumping her snatch with dick meat. I kept fucking her harder and faster and blew my load all over her face! Now she dumped that fucker and she’s fucking a guy that can appreciate her small tits, me! 