I met this sexy blonde babe online and after a few dates I started worrying. I wanted to have sex, but it seemed like she was far more interested in the romance aspect of the relationship. When she invited me to a romantic picnic on the park I really hesitated, this was obviously going in a different route than I expected, but she seemed to put so much time and effort into planning the date, I really couldn’t turn her down. Thank god I didn’t! What started out as a romantic picnic quickly turned into the most amazing sex ever! When she told me she had something special in mind for dessert, I figured she was talking about those ripe strawberries on her picnic basket and that’s when she blew me away, taking off her cotton panties right there in the middle of the park! Who said romantic girls can’t be sexy too? She teased me with her long legs and spread them wide open, giving me a full view of her delicious shaved snatch! Man, we were going to have pie for dessert! Pussy pie! My favorite! I grabbed some raspberries from her basket and placed them between her breasts, feeding her with them as our picnic took a wild erotic overture. She told me she wanted me to take her back to my place and fuck her brains out! Man, I took her back so fast, LOL! I took off her clothes and admired her hot naked body. She told me she wanted to make sure I was a romantic guy before showing me her sexy, wild side and now she wanted to give into her deepest, filthiest desires! She got down on her hands and knees on my bad and I pulled her delicious bubble shaped ass to the edge, spreading her luscious butt cheeks with my hands and sinking my tongue into the crack of her ass, licking her delicious asshole and sliding down south to her dripping wet pink pussy burger. She moaned and grunted softly, her naked body squirming as I ate her out. I placed one hand on each cheek of her well rounded ass and dug my fingertips in to the flesh, then pulled them apart, exposing her gapping wet pussy and her tight asshole. I pressed my face between her cheeks, slowly moving my tongue up and down with my nose buried in her asshole. There is nothing better than the taste of a woman. I flipped my beautiful naked girl over, putting her on her back and got back to work on her cunt, massaging it with my tongue, tasting her gushing pussy juices. She rubbed her clit while I gave her head and then got on her knees, sucking and stroking my throbbing erection with a big smile on her sexy face. My cock was so big for her small mouth, only the head of it was in her mouth. She kept looking at me with her blue eyes as she sucked the head of my cock, slowly circling it with her tongue and massaging my balls.   I lied flat on my back and the sexy blonde squatted over my cock and spread her smooth pussy lips. She held my dick with one hand and slowly lowered herself. I could feel my cock spread her pussy as it entered her hot body. I felt her tight hole resist me for a moment. I cupped her perky breasts as she started moving up and down, pushing it inside her deeper and deeper, riding me in cowgirl position. I began pounding into her faster as I felt her adjust to my size. She massaged her cunt while pushing my dick in and out of it, screaming at the top of her lungs. I enjoyed the view of her lovely pussy. I fucked her doggie style from behind, enjoying the view of her firm ass as her little pussy accepted my long dick. I flipped her over and gave it to her in missionary position while she masturbated herself, making her scream in orgasm. She was cumming and my dick worked harder and faster as she moaned loudly. At the end of our romantic date I was blowing my load all over her angelic face and her gorgeous body. This was the hottest picnic ever!