My hot brunette girlfriend and I have been living in our old apartment ever since the first day we met and we started to go out together, and it’s filled with many sexy memories, but all good things must come to an end and now it’s time for us to move out to a bigger place on the other side of town and since it’s moving day and our last day in this place my girlfriend and me decided to make a sex tape in our old apartment, you know, just to have a memento. It’s kind of exciting, one last good fuck in this place that has seen us fuck so many times in each and every corner and every single room. My girl is wearing a sexy purple tank top which short denims and I start fooling around with her, fondling her hot body over her clothes. She pulls her nice tits over her tank top, showing me her pierced nipples while I film her. She’s so hot and sexy. She’s all giggles as she recounts all the rooms where we fucked and I guess the conversation is turning her on, because she gets on her knees, taking my hard cock in her soft hands, gently licking and kissing it, feeling it getting bigger and harder in her wet mouth as she gives me head. This sex tape is on, my man! She gets naked as she sucks and strokes my cock and I lie on the couch, letting her straddle herself on top, pushing my beefy member inside her wet slit and riding me in cowgirl position. She leans back, grabbing on tight to the couch as she pushes her sexy nude body up and down my meat sword. Her pussy is shaved and feels so soft rubbing against my junk. After riding on my cock for a while, she gets down on her hands and knees, jutting up her juicy bubble butt and wiggling it for me, signaling me to ram my hard cock deep inside her dripping wet pussy and fuck her hard doggie style from behind. I love banging her in this position, she raises her ass as high as she can and places her face against the sofa cushion, just letting me bang her deep, hard and fast. Still horny, she flips over and spreads her legs wide open, massaging her pussy for me, letting me know she’s still far from satisfied. I grab her legs and part them wide open, pushing my fat cock inside her muff, banging her in missionary position, watching her moan and complain as she takes it all in, ready for an incredible orgasm that she will remember once we are at our new place, the same way I would remember my last cumshot in our old apartment, blasting hot and sticky cum all over her beautiful face and her hot naked body. 