My girl and her teammates are competing at a regional volleyball tournament and invited me to go along with them. After winning the grand prize the girls are celebrating and having a blast, finally making it back to the hotel room where we are all staying. As it seems, the girls are feeling pretty horny after their big win, which means a big win for me! My girlfriend, a ravishing blonde bombshell, climbs on bed and reaches under my pants, whipping out my hard cock and starts sucking and stroking it, right there in front of her friends, who are just a few feet away from us in the other bed! That’s okay, the girls seem to be pretty busy too! They are making out and getting ready for some hot girl on girl action while I get head from my girl! She sucks on my balls while I watch her friends making out and she pops my dick in her wet mouth, sucking it slow and gentle. Just the way I like it! It’s like she puts my cock and balls on slow burn! One of her friends, a cute blonde, grabs her by her feet and drags her away from me, jumping on the bed, grabbing my cock and stuffing her mouth with it! Man, this is getting wild! She starts sucking my dick like crazy and my girl pushes her out and pops my dick back in her mouth! The third friend, a sexy short haired brunette goddess is already here too, pushing my girl aside and taking her place. I can’t believe it, I’m getting head from three beautiful girls at the same time, and this is just getting started! The naked girls are literally fighting over my dick. Each girl wants me to see her blowjob skill and her swallowing skill as well. The girls fight over my cock for a few minutes until finally they reach the only practical solution, sharing! They suck and stroke my hard cock together, slurping and licking my balls, drenching them in my shaft in their delicious, warm saliva. The blonde gets on her back and I straddled myself on top of her, pushing my big fat cock between her beautiful big tits and letting her massage it with them, giving me a hot tit job while her friend and my girl observe and enjoy. The brunette sucks my dick while I’m banging her friend’s tits and the girls get up, lining up side-by-side, wiggling their juicy bubble butts my way. Three naked girls with their ass and pussy up in the air, how can any guy resist! Just incredibly sexy! Each girl wants to be fucked hard by me, they are on their knees, spreading their ass cheeks with hands. Of course my girlfriend gets first dibs, climbing on top and riding my hard cock while her friends play with her tits and pussy. As she gets closer to cumming, she starts yelling, “Oh fuck, don’t stop, keep going, FUCK, FUCK, FUCK, YES, YES, YESSSSSSSSSS.” After fucking her, I move on to the brunette, she looks so fucking sexy as and penetrating and fucking her hard right next to her friends. The blonde gets down on her hands and knees so I can fuck her doggy style from behind along with the brunette and my girlfriend and I give as much dick as I can. They are going crazy!   Three naked girls are lying on top of each other, exposing their pussies to me. Their pussies are all facing me, their legs spread open. As each girl plays with their hot, wet pussy, I watch as they orgasm each in their own way. I’m sliding my dick across their wet cunts and their clitorises. The girls keep begging me to fuck them hard. I eat their pussies, suck tits and their nipples, pound their pussies, until I’m ready to cum all over them! There is a fight over my cumming cock. “I want your cum!” one of the girls shouts. “No! Me!” yells another. “I want it more!”… the cum begins shooting from my cock landing on their faces, some manage to catch it with their mouths. The girls keep sucking and jerking off my dick and I keep cumming in their faces. My cum makes the girls forget everything, they begin kissing, swapping hot sperm, licking it from each other faces and swallowing it.