I was hanging out with my best friend, a spunky pint sized blonde, we were talking about guys. She asked my opinion about her small tits, whether she is skinny or not, I said she was so cute and her tits were amazing, when my elder brother came in and saw her half naked. I know he likes short girls and I know she likes big dicks, so I decided to hook them up while I kept the camera rolling. After all, my friend was already half naked, why not take it all the way? She was so innocent and pure but let him fondle her boobies. He said that she had an amazing body, fondling her tits and her nipples, rubbing her hot pussy through her tight panties. He cradled her in his arms, lifting her feet off the ground. He sucked on her nipples and groped her cute little ass, it was getting hot in here and I liked it! It’s a real turn on watching your brother banging your best friend and my pussy was gushing as I filmed them! He carried her to his bedroom and flipped her into a piledriver, diving between her legs and eating her out while she grabbed his huge cock from under his pants and began sucking and stroking it like a dirty slut in heat. I had one hand on my camera and the other between my legs, massaging my dripping wet cunt while filming my best friend with my brother. This was such a fucking turn on! She got down on her knees and kept giving him head. I was not sure she could get all that cock in her tiny mouth, but this petite blonde was going to give it her all. The dick was almost as big as her face. My brother was gritting his teeth as the pretty blonde kept teasing his cock head with her tongue and sucking his balls. Then they both stripped totally naked and she got on the bed with her legs spread wide open. At first my brother introduced to fingers into her wet gash, finger fucking her as she moaned and grunted with pleasure. His huge erect cock followed the path of his fingers, it was going straight between her thighs and into her skinny teen pussy! Beautiful and tender girl. With a nice face and pussy. I love her! For so long she had thought about having sex with a guy that would be older than her, getting her little pussy fucked like there was no tomorrow. She was so wet and could feel her pussy contracting, anticipating the big cock that was about to fill it up. He grabbed her legs and aimed the head of his stiff dick right at her open cunt-hole and then with force, ramming it forwards and right up inside her. The tight warmth of her pussy grip around his cock. She had not expected him to thrust inside her so forcefully. She dug her hands into the sheet, trying to steady herself. He began pounding her hard in missionary position, driving his cock alls deep into her teenage pussy! “OH FUCK….ARRRR….OH SHIT…YES …OHHHH…YES!” She yelled out. My brother pulled his big cock out and fucked it back up her again with the same speed and force. Her eyes rolled back in her head as she felt the tip of his cock pop into her womb. He continued to thrust his pussy pounder deep inside her pussy as the warm juices coated his dick. Grabbing her by her ankles, he spread her legs as far apart as possible while plowing her pussy, what a hot scene! They took a short break, after all, my best friend was getting her tight pussy stretched out by that massive dick.   She kept it lubed up with more hot oral sex and my brother lied on his back while she straddled herself on top, her ass facing his way, squatting over his cock, pushing it back inside her cunt and bouncing up and down in reverse cowgirl position. He pinned her by the undersides of her knees, putting her in the hottest sex position in porn: The Full Sex Nelson! I could tell she was going to cum again. Wow, too bad he’s my brother, otherwise I wouldn’t mind him putting me in that dirty position and fucking my brains out like a nasty slut too! He stood, still fucking her in reverse cowgirl, cradled in his powerful arms. At least that was going to be able to watch this video over and over while masturbating to it, fucking with another guy or having hot lesbian sex with my best friend! While fondling her titties with his hands until he was ready to blow his load, blasting lots of hot and sticky semen all over her slutty face and her open mouth!