A friend of mine got into big trouble with an ex-girlfriend and she’s suing him, claiming he ran her over with his car and left her walking in crutches. My friend and I both know this bitch is a gold digger, and I decided to expose her. I decided to follow her around and stake out her home in search of evidence. I was just about to lose hope after several days of surveillance when finally I saw her walking into her home with her crutches, as usual, just at this time, she left her balcony windows wide open. I sneaked into her backyard as I saw her dropping her crutches and dancing! Yeah, she was scamming her insurance and my best friend! Just as I suspected she was! What a dirty little slut! I had her in my hands! Bitch was even twerking! You can’t twerk with injured legs! This bitch was getting rowdy, taking off her denim shorts and twerking in a pair of sexy pink cotton panties. Man, I was starting to get really hard while watching her. When she turned over, unfortunately, she saw me! My cover was blown, and she threatened with calling the cops on me. That’s okay, tow can play that game! I told her she could call the cops, I would show them all the pictures I had of her scamming, before showing them to my friend and the insurance company! This is what she offered me a deal, she would cut me in on half of the insurance money. I just had to keep quiet about what I knew. To sweeten the deal, she decided to give me what she had stopped giving my best friend after they broke up: pussy! All this spying kind of got her hot and horny, she dropped to her knees, sucking and stroking my big throbbing member! She stripped naked and even grabbed her crutches as she squatted over my hard cock, pushing it deep inside her gushing cunt and riding me in reverse cowgirl position. I enjoyed the feeling of her cunt wrapped tight on my cock, it was almost like her pussy was pulling me in, wanting more. She enjoyed the feeling of her pussy being stretched to the limit and feeling the pressure of the fullness of a hard throbbing cock deep inside her. With that she slammed herself down on my hard cock. I banged her in missionary and doggy style from behind before cumming all over her slutty face, bro! I felt bad for my friend, but fucking this bitch felt so good! 