My stepsister was having a pajama party with one of her best friends and I decided to spy on them just to see what they were up to. The girls were both wearing sexy lingerie outfit and had a big mirror placed on the floor. My stepsister’s friend, a sexy blonde, was sitting on the bed and my stepsister was sitting by the mirror, holding a couple of big rubber cocks in her hands! Wow! Looks like the girls were practicing for sex! The rubber dicks had suction cups on them and they placed them over the mirror so they could see their reflections as they squatted over them and pushed them deep inside their tight pussies after stripping naked! I couldn’t believe what I was watching! My dick was getting hard as a rock! The naked girls were both squatting on their finger tips, pushing their bodies up and down the big rubber dildos while I jerked my hard cock from the other side of the door. My stepsister started filming her naked friend with her phone, her pink cunt and the rubber dick going deep inside her, and as I masturbated more vigorously, I accidentally hit the door, making a loud thump that alerted the girls of my presence in their pajama party! I thought I was screwed, but I acted fast and took my stepsister’s phone with the incriminating evidence of their “innocent” party. She told me to give it back and they would let me join them in their party! My stepsister got on her knees, grabbed my still throbbing cock and started sucking and stroking it while her friend watched us! She was shy at first as her friend sucked and licked my dick. She was staring at my big dick, my step sister asked her if she wanted to try it too. The innocent naked girl laughed a little and said “Yes i would like that”. Finally she joined in, and the girls gave me an incredible blowjob together, licking and sucking my balls as well as my dick. Now the girls wanted to practice with a real cock, so her blonde friend got on her back on my stepsister’s bed, spreading her legs wide open. It was a fabulous show, two hot girls, completely naked, kissing each other all over and running their hands all over each other. My step sister even licked the blonde’s meaty pussy lips, her pink clit between them. The head of my dick was touching her opening, she told my step sister that she was nervous but before she could stop me I was inside her. I push my hard cock deep inside her tight cunt, fucking her in missionary position while my stepsister observed, caressing and fondling our bodies. It was so fucking hot banging her friend while watching my stepsister masturbating herself while looking at us. The sexy blonde wrapped her legs around me and I my hard cock was sliding between the slick lips of her lovely pussy. She loved everything I was doing. The sister said she wanted to taste her pussy on my cock, snatching it from her friend’s cunt and gobbling it up. I lied on my back and let her friend climb on top and ride my sausage in cowgirl position. She had the most stunning body that I have ever seen, a slim waist and amazing breast, long beautiful legs.   The feeling of her tight pussy around my dick was amazing. She flipped over and kept riding me in reverse cowgirl while making out with my stepsister. They looked so sexy kissing and touching for me. The blonde got down on her hands and knees so I could fuck her doggy style from behind while my stepsister caressed her naked body and sucked on her hard nipples with a big smile on her face. “I want your cock in my cunt too, I want your cock so bad!” Both girls were riding my face and my cock together, kissing each other and licking each other’s tits. After fucking hard I was ready to cum, blowing my load all over their faces. There was only one way I wanted to end this right now and the girls began suckign and jerking my dick even faster and harder. The cum roared out of my dick, more cum, I think, than I had ever shot before in my life. They continued to stroke up and down causing me to jerk and spasm. Oh fuck. I was shooting in their faces and they swallowed. Now I get invited to all my stepsister’s pajama parties!