A couple of weeks ago, our parents installed a brand-new Jacuzzi in our patio and they made it very clear that we could only use it while wearing a swimsuit, no skinny dipping allowed! My stepsister, however, seemed to have different thoughts regarding this matter, and I was surprised when I found her stripping naked and jumping into the Jacuzzi, probably thinking that she was all alone in the house. Man, my stepsister is smoking hot, with big tits and a delicious ass, and seeing her naked gave me a raging erection. Hey, if she could be fully naked in our Jacuzzi, so could I! When she left to get something inside, I stripped naked and got inside the hot tub, just waiting for her to come back. When she did so, she was shocked to find me naked in the Jacuzzi, but I told her it was okay. She got in the tub with me, kind of covering herself up at the beginning, then she noticed how hard I was! I got up so she could take a better look at my big throbbing erection and she did much more than just sneak a peek! She grabbed my cock in her hands and began sucking and stroking it. Why pretend otherwise, if we both knew how bad we wanted to fuck each other’s brains out? This was the perfect opportunity to do it. She moaned and grunted with satisfaction as she ate my cock and I sat her down on the edge of the Jacuzzi, spreading her legs wide open as I rammed my big fat tool deep inside her gushing cunt, pounding her hard. Man, her pussy was even hotter than the water in the tub! She put one of her long legs over my shoulder and gave me dirty looks as I fucked her, a big smile on her dirty little face. She massaged her pussy with her fingertips to stimulate herself while getting fucked by her stepbrother in the Jacuzzi and we kissed. I could feel her wet tongue inside my mouth, playing with my tongue, so fucking hot and sexy making out with her very own stepsister. I lied flat on my back, straddling herself on top, pushing my cock back inside her, banging her hard as she rode me in cowgirl position. I grabbed her delicious bubble butt squeeze that hard as I slammed her cunt, making her scream at the top of her lungs. I slapped her ass, making her squirm and she squat over my Dick, pushing her body up and down my shaft. I flipped her over so she could ride me in reverse cowgirl, admiring her juicy butt, then putting her back in missionary position so I could continue pumping her muff with my dick meat. There was so much cum in her cunt that large amounts were forced out each time they withdrew and thrust into her again,. I’ve never orgasm for so long. Her vagina was full, and it has started running out of her, between her legs and in our Jacuzzi. 