This horny dude is whacking off on the living room couch while watching some online porn, but he just can’t get off. He needs a real woman to tell him what she wants. Frustrated, he sees an ad for phone sex and gives it a shot. The girl on the other end of the line is a beautiful brunette with big tits and she gets really turned on talking with him on the phone. The conversation gets so hot, he actually gives her his home address, though he doesn’t really believe she’ll actually come over. She tells him to leave the door unlocked and after a while he just forgets about it and goes back to jerking off on the couch when somebody sneaks up behind him, it’s her! She actually came, wearing a sexy crop top that barely covers her big tits and tight white pants. The sexy babe grabs his big throbbing member, sucking and stroking it, licking his balls and soaking them with her warm saliva. She spits all over his dick, and he pushes her head down against his crotch, making her deep throat it. He puts her down on her hands and knees, pushing his thick cock deep inside her tight cunt, fucking the phone sex lady doggie style from behind, admiring her delicious bubble shaped butt. She’s biting on her panties while he’s doing her and the horny slut lies down on the couch, spreading her legs wide open so he can fuck her in missionary position. She plays with her big tits, dirty talking him through their fuck session, after all, talking as her strongest suit and she knows how to play it well. That’s why she has so many satisfied customers that keep calling her over and over. She’s absolutely sure that he’s going to become a regular of her phone sex services. He spreads her legs wide open and sinks his wet tongue into her pink slit, eating her out before going back to fucking her, pinning her against his couch. The naked girl straddles herself on top in reverse cowgirl position and lets her big tits bounce up and down while riding his member, making him eat her asshole before fucking her doggie style from behind again before blowing his hot and creamy load all over her ass and tits! 