I love hilarious scenes like these! These sexy girls signed up for a yoga class and their regular teacher is not available today, and the new instructor seems t have a really different approach to yoga and he’s teaching the mixed class a thing or two about tantric yoga! Everybody is down on their hands and knees and he approaches one of the students, a sexy brunette babe with a delicious bubble shaped ass. He takes her white yoga pants and rips them wide open at the crotch, exposing her juicy ass and dripping wet cunt! The girls are quite shocked but aroused at the same time, as he begins rubbing the brunette’s cunt, making her wiggle and grind her ass with utter pleasure, overtaken by the tantric overtones of today’s yoga class. He moves on to the next girl, playing with her round ass and as she looks up, she notices his huge fully erect member dangling over his pants! She opens her eyes seeing his cock and balls dangling over her face. “Awahh,” she is shocked seeing his cock in front of her face. The head of his dick is rubbing against her forehead, her nose and her lips. She’s so fucking turned on by this, she gangs up with the rest of the girls on the class and they strip their yoga instructor naked so they can take advantage of that big juicy dick. After all, these girls don’t take these yoga classes because they like yoga, they do it because they aren’t getting laid at home and they need to channel all that raw sexual energy somehow! The only other dude in the class is left watching the girls sucking and stroking the instructor’s big juicy cock, until they notice him sitting in the corner and invite him to join them, after all, they  could really use an extra cock right now! The rest of the girls leave the class, but two sexy dolls stay behind, the hot brunette and the hazel haired slut. These horny sluts are down with the doggy style and can’t wait to get sex-ercising! The brunette is getting her ass and twat eaten out by the male classmate while her friend is deepthroating the instructor’s rod and drooling all over it. She rubs it against her tits and spreads the saliva all over her naked body and his dick and balls, drenching them.   The naked brunette gets down on her hands and knees, with her crazy friend mounting her as the guys spit roast her, one of them fucking her twat doggy style from behind while the other is fucking her mouth, ramming his huge dick down her throat, making her choke and gag on such a gargantuan erection. Piled one on top of the other, the men take turns spit roasting the naked girls both, making sure their wet fuck holes are properly tended to. These girls thought yoga was kind of boring, but now that they discovered tantric yoga, they are going to sign up for day long classes with these two hot studs so they can enjoy their big throbbing erections, sucking, stroking and fucking them together. The girls get their cunts fucked hard in all possible yoga sex positions, even upside down! They enjoy these cocks until the guys blow their creamy loads all over their faces and hot bodies and they get to lick it off each other!