My next door neighbor found some of my mail in her mailbox and came up first thing in the morning to bring it over to me in her sexy denim shorts and I was still half asleep when I opened the door and, well, umm, I still had my morning wood going on and she couldn’t help catching a glimpse of it, you know? She got so nervous, trying not to stare straight at it, as if my boner were a fucking solar eclipse, that she dropped the mail. We both kneeled down to get it, and well, my morning wood slid right out of the opening in my boxers! Fuck, talk about an awkward interaction! Now, she COULDN’T (or wouldn’t?) take her eyes off it! It’s almost as if she was in a trance, hypnotized by my cock as if it was an Indian dude playing the flute and she was a sexy cobra! I even backed up a couple of feet and she crawled towards it, reaching out, asking if she could touch it! Fuck, she was actually asking me if she could touch it! What could I say? Of course I let this hot teen touch it! She took it in her hands and begin slurping it like a fucking ice cream cone, drenching my cock and balls with her drool. Damn, her little mouth felt fucking amazing. I had to make an effort not to blow my load down her throat when she played with my balls, teased me with her tongue, licking up and down my shaft and swirling her tongue around the head. I put her down on her hands and knees, her juices were running down her ass crack. I came closer and ram my cock deep inside her gushing cunt. I grabbed her buttocks and started fucking her doggie style from behind. She was grabbing her big tits while I fucked her, grabbing my hands and putting them over hers so I could fondle and squeeze her boobs too. Her pussy was so wet and tight that with every thrust, my cock would force some of her juices out around it, much of which ended up coating my balls. I had no idea my next-door neighbor was such a dirty cock loving, cum craving fuck slut! I pin her shoulders to the floor, spreading her legs wide open and fucking her pussy in a jackhammer position while the naked girl rubbed her muff and begged me to keep going. I put her over the couch, spread her legs and continued stuffing her cunt, shoving my fingers into her wet mouth and making her suck them hard. Sweat was pouring down her face, her big tits and her smoking hot body as I fucked her hard, grabbing her by the neck, spanking her ass, stuffing her mouth with my fingers because this slut likes it rough! 