While jogging with my best friend early in the morning, I told her that I just started doing anal with my boyfriend, explaining to her how this helped me take control of my sex life. It just opened up doors everywhere for me, especially backdoors, lol! I got to know my body so well, and I could tell she was really interested in curious about this so I took her to a quiet area of the park where we jog so I could teach her more about anal and she could learn about one of the sexiest part of her body. I was as excited to teach her as she was to learn! I got her naked, spreading her legs wide open as I stretched out her tight asshole with my fingers and spit on her ass, letting my drool slide into her anal funnel as she squirmed. Her toes were all curled up as I proceeded to anally penetrate her with as many fingers as I could! Her eyes went blank with pleasure, this was all so new to her, but I could tell how much she was enjoying it. I was surprised with how flexible her asshole was, despite her not having any previous anal experience, and it made me wonder how her ass would react to a big juicy cock. I even started fisting her, driving my entire fist inside that ass and she kept begging me for more! My hands were getting tired when I noticed this guy passing by, obviously intrigued by the spectacle he was seeing before him. I called him over, this was exactly what we needed! Of course he accepted my plea to help my friend get her ass fucked for the very first time, and he had a huge cock to do so! He was thick and very hard and We sucked it together! My friend was anal virgin but now she was drawn to this boy’s dick and she wanted it in her ass! She lied down and ordered me to spread her ass cheeks. Feeling as dirty as I could possibly be, I spread her anus apart with my fingers to reveal her cute asshole for him. Her asshole quivered with anticipation. He rammed that big sausage deep inside my friend’s asshole while I played with her moist pussy. My fingers danced across her thighs, nipples, pussy lips and over to her clit. He totally stretched her ass out, pushing his cock deeper and deeper into her ass. “Yeah baby, you are so fucking hot, damn your ass so tight!!!” Of course I wanted to feel it in my ass too, begging him to anal fuck my brains out while I ate my friend’s pussy! He gripped my hips tightly and forced the head of his cock into my anus with one vicious thrust. “FUCK!” I screamed as it hit my ass. I felt his cock in my ass, it was so good. I was being butt-fucked by some random dude in the middle of the park. He fucked both our assholes and blew his creamy load inside them and we walked out of the park with his cum oozing from our still gaping buttholes! 