I’m feeling horny as fuck after watching some online porn and my wife is not around the house so I go over to my sexy brunette stepdaughter’s room and find her in bed, talking to her boyfriend on her phone while in her sexy lingerie. She looks so fucking hot and sexy! “What are you doing?!?! I’m on the phone with my boyfriend… Could you not be such a fucking creep!” Daddys dick is hard! I start fondling her legs and push her tits over her bra, her nipples are already hard and she must be getting wet too, it’s been weeks since we’ve been fucking like crazy when her mom’s not around! Sometimes daddy needs to give daughter a mouth full of sperm and fuck her tiny little pussy. She has a crush for older guys and I guess I have a thing for sexy teen step daughters! I remove her panties, spread her legs and massage her shaved muff while she’s still on the phone with her boyfriend, if he only knew! “What are you doing daddy?!?! Why is your hand on my private parts?!?!?” It’s hot watching her trying to keep up the conversation while I finger fuck her and she tries to hold back from cumming. She is rubbing her body into my hand, grinding herself into my fingers, circling her clit around my fingers. I feel her muscles tighten down around my fingers and a wave of her warm sticky cum flows around them. I push my cock in her wet mouth and she sucks it and gets it all nice and hard and lubed up. Of course she keeps talking to her boyfriend, telling him just how she loves him and how sexy she looks and how bad she wants his little pecker. The daddy’s big hard dick is much better for her! I place her on her hands and knees and admire her juicy bubble butt. “Are you seriously going to put your dick inside of me? I can’t believe this!” she whispers to me. Her little pussy is so lubricated with her jucies that I slide my cock right in. I push my cock inside her gushing cunt and I start fucking my very own stepdaughter doggy style from behind! I grab chunks of her ass and remove her lingerie top as she starts dirty talking with her boyfriend, making him think they are having phone sex but it’s just a cover so she can enjoy me fucking her without having to hang up and without her boyfriend suspecting something is going on! I alternate between fucking and fingering her pussy and pull out as I’m about to cum! She gets on her knees and smiles as I blast hot spunk all over her lovely face, I love giving her facials! She looks so sexy with my cum dripping down her chin. A couple of hours later she comes asking me for money, and she knows how to get it. She can pay with her moist little pussy! She gets on her back on the couch, spreads her legs wide open, hikes up her sexy dress, pulls her panties aside and lets me fuck her in missionary position. “Come on daddy, don’t you want to fuck your hot whore daughter?” She arches her back when the head of my cock slips into her hot wet tunnel. I am totally lost in the feeling of her wet pussy. My girl moans in sheer ecstasy as I fuck my big cock into her hard and fast. “Please punish me daddy! I was a bad girl!” Just that this time, I don’t tell her when I’m about to cum and I surprise her by cumming inside her pussy, leaving her with a sticky creampie oozing from her slit!   She pretends not to enjoy this, but the next day, she comes over while I’m working o the kitchen sink and shows me she’s wearing nothing under her denim skirt! With no panties under her skirt the little slut positions her naked pussy over my face and starts to ride my mouth furiously. She tells me she wants to suck and stroke my cock and have me fuck her very hard like I did yesterday! Just that this time, she’s going to be the one who decides where she wants me to blow my load on her sexy body! Fuck, that’s so hot! As I’m fucking my hot stepdaughter I’m wondering where she is going to let me cum next! Mmmm, I just can’t wait to find out! “My asshole is still virgin though maybe you can try that? I promise you’ll love it!!!” Very happy to give 10 out of 10 for this scene. Let these daughters show you how they have blossomed into women! If mommy ever finds out, these girls are grounded for life!