This sexy brunette babe is off to her first job interview but her mother is horrified by her slutty looking outfit, a sexy tight blue dress that sticks to her hot body like a second skin, accentuating her feminine curves, her big tits and her juicy round bubble butt. Her mom’s boyfriend, a sharply dressed young businessman, accompanies her to her bedroom so she can show him all the different dressing options she has and he can help her choose the very best one to make a good impression on her first job interview. As she tries on different outfits, he gets to see her in her sexy lingerie, and she notices his big throbbing bulge, bending over and rubbing her bubbly butt back up against it. She can tell how turned on he is, and she’s feeling quite frisky as well, so the slut drops on her knees and unzips his pants, unleashing his big hard cock and taking it in her hands, ready to show him some of her additional work skills.  After a sexy striptease she starts licking his stiff member, sucking on his balls and letting him fuck her mouth, ramming his dick down her throat. They strip naked and he places his cock between her big tits so she can wrap them around it, massaging his throbbing member with them. After fucking her tits and her mouth, he puts her down on her hands and knees, ramming his Dick deep inside her gushing cunt, pounding her hard doggie style from behind. He shoves his fingers into her wet mouth so she can suck on them while he’s fucking her hard. After plowing her from behind, he flips her over, spreading her legs wide open and pumping her pussy in missionary position. They kiss and he rubs her wet muff while slamming her hard, pulling her juicy bubble butt over the edge of the bed so he can fuck her even deeper. He gets on his back on the floor, with his legs over the bed, straddling her on top so she can ride on his cock in a modified cowgirl position. She plays with her big tits while he’s banging her and she flips over for reverse fucking, pushing her big bubble butt up and down. This babe sucks and fucks his cock, showing off her true job skills – being a horny slut who absolutely loves to suck and fuck big cock! She works with his cock until he’s ready to blow his creamy load all over her! 