I was hanging out with my beautiful blonde girlfriend and her sexy brunette best friend and since we were pretty bored I proposed my girl and her friend we play a game of The Floor is Lava. It was so hot watching the girls scrambling around whenever the floor turned to lava, trying to avoid its surface. We ended up on the couch together and that’s when my girlfriend noticed something, I had gotten real hard from watching them play and she rubbed my bulge over my pants. Her friend was bewildered by this, more so when my naughty girl undid my jeans to get a better look at my throbbing erection! The look on her friend’s face was priceless as she started at my cock! Man, what a fucking turn on! My girl reached over, took her hand and put in on my dick so her friend could play with it! Before I knew it, she was sucking my dick while my girl held it firmly at the base. Her friend deepthroated my cock almost all the way down before choking on gagging on my thick rod. They sucked and stroked my dick and played with my balls together and then the naked girls made me lie down on the living room floor, over the rug, as my girl straddled herself atop my lap and pushed my hard sausage deep inside her gushing cunt, riding me in cowgirl position with her friend watching us fuck! Her slutty friend rubbed her muff, then she grabbed my girl’s big tits and squeezed them hard and masturbated her as she rode on my member. After making her cum, she took her place and pushed my dick inside her tight pussy. My girl looked so fascinated and turned on while watching her best friend fucking her boyfriend! She fondled her tits and twat too and I fucked my girl in missionary position on the couch, with her friend sitting on her face and getting her cunt eaten out by her! After fucking them both I was ready to cum, spraying hot cum all over their faces and bodies and watching them lick it all off! Playing The Floor is Lava with my girlfriend and her best friend was lots of fun, but fucking them both in a threesome was even better! 