My girlfriend always tells me that her two best friends are total sluts, but I never really believed her until I picked them up and the girls were in the back of my car. One of them is a sexy blonde with big tits and the other a hot brunette with a slender body. I had just put the car on drive and as I looked over the rearview mirror, the blonde was flashing me her big tits! Her friend had no problem doing the same, showing off her tiny, yet firm and beautiful breasts. I couldn’t believe it, I looked at my girlfriend and she just giggled. I guess she was right, her friends were definitely sluts. I was getting an incredible hard on, and it looked like my girlfriend was determined to prove her point, inviting the blonde to lean over, grabbing my hard cock in her hands and giving me head while we drove back to our place! Fuck, that was so hot! We got back home and the girls went up the stairs, stripping naked as they did so, showing me their juicy bubble butts in tiny little things riding up the cracks of their asses! The girls took them off too, showing me their naked butts and their tender pink twats and letting me play with them, fondling, caressing, touching and feeling my way through them. Can you imagine the sight of three girls without panties, three bare butts, three wet pussies begging to be fucked hard? I couldn’t take it anymore and pulled out my dick. The girls got on their knees and ganged up around me, giving me a triple blowjob, sucking, stroking, licking and kissing my dick and balls together! The feeling of three tongues lovingly licking the head of my dick was out of this world. My balls are tightening, my cock swelling and twitching as I look down on the girls. Two sluts were under each side of my ball sac, cupping gently, massaging. My girl sucked on the shaft moving her lips up and down along its length. The hot naked girls wanted me to fuck them and I started out with the hot blonde with the big tits, spreading her legs wide open on the couch and fucking her dripping wet cunt in missionary position while she stimulated her clit with her fingers. My girlfriend was watching this scene and she was really turned on. Knowing that my girlfriend was watching me fucking another girl was earth-shattering and unlike any sexual experience I’ve ever felt. I sat down and her friend took her place, straddling herself on top of my lap, pushing my hard cock deep inside her gushing pussy, bouncing up and down in cowgirl position in reverse while the hot blonde and my sexy girlfriend kept watching us fucking. While this bitch was riding on my dick my girlfriend sat on my face so I could eat out her wet muff.   My girlfriend let me keep fucking her friend and to keep me stimulated, she went over to her hot blonde friend and the girls started making out, having hot lesbian sex with each other while I watched them and banged their friend! The naked girls took turns riding on my cock, pressing their hot naked bodies against mine, pushing my dick deep inside them, grinding their butts against my lap. There were six tits, three cunts, three mouths and three sexy butts! I kept pounding their pussies until I was ready to blow my load all over them, blasting hot and sticky cum over their faces and watching them lick it off each other! There was so much cum, it totally looked like I just pissed all over them with my sperm. This is so fucking awesome, I don’t even need to cheat on my girlfriend because she lets me fuck her best friends with her included! 