I think my sexy petite girlfriend is having some attachment issues, it’s not like she’s clingy, she just loves being by my side and really misses me on my business trips. So much so, that she actually hid in one of my luggage cases while I was packing! I sat down for a minute to check my phone, when I felt a tiny hand creeping up between my legs! What the fuck! It was my tiny girlfriend, popping out from the suitcase, telling me that since she managed to fit in it, I should take her along! She’s so fucking sweet! Having her begging me to take her is cute, but also very sexy, especially when she starts getting naughty! How about blowjobs and cock riding in some of the craziest positions you’ve ever seen? She knows how much leverage she can have with that pint sized body of hers. She starts taking off her dress while pulling down my pants and boxers, making my big hard cock spring out. She holds it firmly by the base, admiring it as she opens up wide and devours it, sucking and stroking it. I hold her head firmly while fucking her mouth, ramming my huge cock down her throat, watching her choking and gagging on my member as she tries to swallow it all. Watching her gasping for breath is so fucking hot. Thick ropes of drool drip down her lips and chin, splattering all over her tiny breasts. She actually FUCKS my dick with her mouth! After gobbling up my dick I sit and she keeps working on my balls. My girl loves gently taking my balls in her mouth. After playing with my huge cock and my balls she straddle her on top and I impale her tight cunt on it. She slowly lowers herself onto my cock, her head back, her eyes closed, moaning with pleasure as she begins grinding her hips down and around on my cock. I feel her tight pussy muscles contract around my dick. “Fuck me baby! Fuck me! NAIL ME!” My big, thick dick, sliding swiftly and forcefully deep into her petite body, fucking her better and harder than any her ex boyfriends ever have or could. She loves feeling my balls bouncing off her ass, and she reaches down to play with them while I continue drilling her. Now her juicy bubble butt is facing my way as she squats over my meat sword, riding my dick hard in reverse cowgirl position. I grab hold of her tits, squeezing them hard, digging my fingers into the soft but firm flesh, pulling her tiny body towards my huge cock and slamming deep into her. “OOOOOHHHH YEEAAHHH! I’M CUUMMMMINNGGG!” She screams at the top of her lungs. My hard dick makes her cum again and again, she will do anything for me right now. Since she’s so light weight, I have no problem standing up with her cradled in my arms, putting her in a Full Sex Nelson and pounding her hard in mid air! She loves this position because she’s left totally restrained and helpless in it, and she can only submit as I fuck her brains out! After fucking her hard in this position I finally let her down on the couch, down on her hands and knees, fucking her doggy style from behind, making her pant and moan as she grasps for breath. She is being fucked so roughly on.   I give my petite girl multiple orgasms by brutally fucking her wet pussy doggystyle. Violent spasms shot through her and she suddenly fell on the chair. I make her squat over the couch on all fours, jutting her ass up as I plow her hard. Then I put her on her back, spreading her legs wide open, pushing my fat cock back inside her, slamming her little pussy in missionary position. I move her to the other couch, placing her body sideways, penetrating her from behind. She rubs her pink pussy while I’m banging her, begging me to fuck her deeper and harder and faster. Finally I pull out, ready to cum, spraying hot cum all over her slutty face and her tiny body. I shower her cute face with sperm and she smiles with happiness. The glorious culmination of hardcore fucking is when you blow your nuts out all over a girl’s tits, shoulders, neck, and her face. Hey, who knows, perhaps I actually end up packing her up in one of my luggage cases and taking her along with me on my business trip!