Hot busty stepmom teaches her daughter how to fuck with her boyfriend! This cute teen girl notices the way her boyfriend looks at her hot cougar stepmom while they are together in the kitchen. That’s not what worries her. It’s the way her hot cougar stepmom looks at her boyfriend that really has her on edge! After all, she is still a virgin, and her stepmother has an impeccable record of fucking each and every one of her previous boyfriends! She backs her to consider her current boyfriend off limits, then goes upstairs for a shower. She should know better! As soon as she’s gone, the beautiful woman has her hands all over her boyfriend’s throbbing bulge! This MILF likes fucking young men with big dicks, especially when they belong to her stepdaughter! She strips naked and corners him in the hallway, dropping to her knees as she sucks and strokes his big gorgeous erection. What a cock! She can’t quite understand why her stepdaughter is still a virgin while always speaking boyfriends with huge members! Such a waste! Good thing she’s there to take advantage of such fine product! What her stepdaughter gets out of the shower she finds herself with a familiar scene, her stepmom sucking on yet another one of her boyfriend’s hard cocks! She turns the awkward situation into a learning experience. Her stepmom finally manages to make her stepdaughter understand that as long as she stays a virgin, she’s going to keep guiding each and every one of her boyfriends her way, so why not get over it once and for all and just enjoy that delicious cock together in a hot stepmom on stepdaughter on boyfriend threesome! After all, she’s definitely an expert on pleasuring her boyfriends, and she could teach her how to master such fine art! They go back to her bedroom, and she shows her stepdaughter how to suck and stroke cock! They look so hot and sexy eating that dick together, kissing and licking it, sucking on her boyfriend’s balls. They make a pretty damn fine team! With both naked girls sandwiching his hard cock between them he is in paradise! The naked mom straddles herself on top of her boyfriend’s juicy cock, gently pushing it inside her tight muff and showing her how to ride a cock. The young naked girl takes her stepmother’s instructions, riding his cock up and down. The only thing in his head is the pleasure her young and surprisingly tight pussy is giving him. While the girl does this, the horny stepmom sits on his face, planting her juicy ass on his mouth and feeling his slick and slippery tongue wriggling inside her cunt. Two naked girls, beautiful mature woman and sexy young girl riding his dick and face together, awesome! This teenage girl used to get so upset when her stepmom would fuck her boyfriends, but she’s actually so fucking turned on sharing him with her! She could get used to this! Having her stepmother by her side makes her feel safe while exploring the dirtiest, nastiest sides of her sexuality, getting fucked hard by her boyfriend after finally getting her cherry popped and having the hottest lesbian sex with her stepmother! Between her boyfriend fucking her virgin pussy and her beautiful stepmom eating her out, they are making her cum over and over! When he blows his creamy load all over their faces and her stepmom’s big tits, she enjoys licking it all up, what a rush!   Moms Teach Sex is a brand new pilot series from the makers of Nubiles and Anilos. Come inside and discover what happens when these beautiful hot women come back home and catch their beautiful and sexy daughters sucking, stroking and fucking a delicious hot cock. These naughty cougar sluts had better help their nasty daughters so they know what to do, in steamy threesome fucks with them and their boyfriends. Hot cock sucking, pussy eating, masturbation, hardcore fucking and intense cumshots shared by beautiful mature women and their hot and dirty daughters will keep you at the edge!