After breaking up with my ex-girlfriend I decided to take a totally new, different and unique approach towards finding a new girlfriend, placing an ad online casting for a new partner. Since I got many replies, I narrowed them down to the six hottest chicks and called them up for the final casting, where they would line up too see which one would win the coveted spot! The girls stood in their sexy bikinis and high heels, ready to get started while I admired them, stroking my big throbbing member in my hands. First, I wanted to see how good they were sucking Dick. One after the other, the naked girls got down on their knees, taking my thick rod in their hands, sucking and stroking it, deepthroating it as deep as possible, competing to see which one gave the best head. I was impressed, not just with their cock sucking skills, but with their competitive attitude. The last girl to suck my cock was also the first one straddle herself on top of my lap, a sexy Asian girl with long hair and a piercing in her pussy, pushing my big juicy Dick deep inside her gushing cunt and riding me in cowgirl position while the other girls observed, eager for their turn on top of my member. She passed her hands all over her body, letting me know how nice my Dick felt inside of her. A sexy blonde took her place, sucking my Dick to taste her pussy on it while the other girls watched, seriously turned on, fondling and caressing each other. The blonde straddled herself on top, removing her bra and jumping up and down my cock while the sexy Asian girl played with her tits, sucking on her nipples. As I put her on her back and spread her legs wide open for some missionary fucking, the rest of the girls took off their clothes and joined us. The girls were all over me, sucking and stroking my cock, licking my balls, eating each other out while I took turns fucking each and every one of them in many different positions. Down on their knees, the six naked girls lined up side-by-side, as I fed them my hard cock, letting them give me some final licks and sucks before cumming all over the chosen one! 