This lovely brunette teen slut is on her way back home after classes and as usual, she cuts through the backyard. As she passes through the living room window she realizes that her hot and handsome black stepbrother is jerking off on the couch while watching porn! The horny teen slut can’t help noticing the massive throbbing erection between his hands, it’s the biggest dick she has ever seen in her fucking life and it gets her so fucking wet, she takes off her panties and starts masturbating herself while watching her stepbrother getting off. Unexpectedly, her phone starts ringing, exposing her presence! She’s busted, but as her stepbrother talks to her, she notices how hard he still is and shamelessly reaches for that big bulge under his pants and grabs hold of it, dropping to her knees, ready to suck and stroke it. Up close, it’s even bigger and harder! What a treat! She loves black dick and she’s always masturbating to black on blondes porn, and finally she has a real big black cock for herself! The fact that it’s her stepbrother’s only makes it hotter! The girl tries her best to deep throat that huge black sausage, with her stepbrother helping her out, pushing her head against his crotch, but it’s so fucking big, she’s already choking and gagging as she’s half way through! She drools all over it and thick ropes of saliva drip down the sides of her lips and chin as she gives her stepbrother a sloppy blowjob. The young teen girl does it with intensity and desire, pleasuring every inch of his huge black cock. After gushing a final massive load of drool all over that big black dick, her stepbrother lays her flat on her back, spreads her legs wide open and rams his saliva drenched black mamba deep inside her tight cunt, stretching it out as he fucks her hard in missionary position. The girl has not taken bigger cocks in her little cunt before, his black bludgeon fits her just perfectly; long and thick, that firm ebony head presses against her cervix fill her very nicely. His black balls are snuggled up into the wet crack of her ass. She rubs her cunt as he fucks her and holds her by the neck and straddles herself atop so she can make her body bounce up and down his delicious member. “Fuuuck me, yes, harder!” she screams, rocking her soupy cunt back and forth and up and down on this amazing black stud’s very slippery black cock. He lifts her upside down by her thighs so she can suck his big dick some more before putting her down on her hands and knees, grabbing her by the hair and reining her in as he fucks her doggie style from behind and blows his creamy load all over her slutty face and open mouth! The horny teen takes the first three hard jet’s of the black guy’s cum straight down her throat and finishes emptying his big black balls on her tongue. She is his personal black cock sucking white ho now. 