Sometimes, the best things in life come for free! I was driving down the street when I spotted this beautiful brunette babe holding a huge pink sign that read “Free blowjobs”! She was looking for a ride back to her home, offering a free hummer in exchange. Man, I didn’t have nothing else to do, and I’m not the kind of man who turns down a free blowjob from a hot babe, so I invited her to hop into the passenger seat. She was wearing a sexy rocker girl sweater and skimpy denim shorts. Being a girl of her word, I found a quiet spot along the road and pulled over, and she took my big throbbing member in her hands and started giving me a delicious blowjob, sucking and stroking my meaty sausage with a dirty look on her face. She gave him the best blowjob and she truly enjoyed sucking my dick. Her sweet lips were moving up and down my shaft, her black fingers were rubbing my balls, so hot! The sexy black teen took off her clothes as I laid on my back across the backseat and she straddled herself on top, sitting her fine black bubble butt on my lap and pushing my dick deep inside her tight cunt, riding me in cowgirl position. She looked really hot, and I out her on her back, spreading her legs wide open and driving my hard cock into her wet cunt, pounding her black pussy in missionary position. She had a delicious mocha, meaty pussy, with fat pussy lips and a big swollen clit. She told me to play with it, rubbing and fingering her pink slit and clit while I was banging her, feeling her sexy ebony body squirming as she got excited by the way I was doing her. She confessed that the whole free blowjob was just a gimmick to get a ride, but as soon as she caught a glimpse of my big throbbing erection she wanted not just to suck it, but to feel it pounding her as I fucked her brains out! She got down on her hands and knees, wiggling her juicy brown bubble butt, begging me to fuck her doggie style from behind. I banged her hard and when I stopped, she pushed her tight ass back up against my dick, urging me to continue pounding her until I was ready to blow my creamy load, pulling out and blasting lots of hot and sticky spunk all over her pretty face.  