It was another Friday night at the dorm and I was all alone in my room doing the usual, masturbating to online porn while still single, dateless and a virgin! I was the only guy in college that still hadn’t got laid and I was well on my way to becoming a forty-year virgin. I was surprised when the door slammed wide open and five of the hottest girls in the dorm barged in! I was still holding my throbbing member in my hands as they surrounded me. I was pretty sure the girls were here to make fun of me and humiliate me, what else could explain their presence here? As it turns out, these sexy dorm sluts were just one cock away from reaching their goal of having sucked and fucked every single cock on the floor and as it turns out, the only cock that they hadn’t yet done was nerdy Jessy’s! That’s right! I was going to get gang banged by five beautiful girls out of principle! It was like getting picked last for the football team, were no matter how bad you are, you get picked anyhow! I was taking my dick in hand in front of fully clothed girls. It was so inebriating to expose myself to a group of girls, to show them my hard dick while I masturbated. The girls gathered around me, one more beautiful than the other, taking off their clothes and showing me their tits, passing them all over my face! I had never been with a single girl, much less had a couple of tits so close to me, and now I had five sets of fabulous tits at the same time! The naughty college girls stuffed my mouth with their cotton panties and went down on me, sucking and stroking my hard cock together and licking my balls! Next, the naked girls got down on their hands and knees, lined up side-by-side, wiggling their juicy bubble butts so I could take turns fucking each and every one of them, ramming my hard cock deep inside those dripping wet, tight pussies! “Oh, yeah!” pussies, pussies, pussies everywhere! While I fucked one of them, the rest had hot lesbian sex with each other, making out, fondling their bodies, rubbing and licking their tight cunts while I watched them! The crazy naked girls were all over my body. Each took turns French kissing me while another blew my dick. I was fucking one girl another girl planted her pussy above her head with her legs over her shoulders so that she could eat her pussy. It was a non-stop, continual sex chain. There were hands, feet, arms, and legs everywhere. All naked girls got in missionary position, spreading their legs so I could fuck them hard while their friends sat on their faces and made them eat their pussies. I had three college sluts screaming in ecstasy by licking and fucking their pussies hard and deep.   The girls pulled my cock out of their cunts so they could suck it and taste their friends’ pussy juices on the tip of my dick while sucking my balls! What a rush, man! Girls were getting fucked and everyone had cum multiple times. I piled them up one on top of the other so I could fuck them in turns and I watched them getting off on each other until I was ready to cum. I couldn’t count the number of blowjobs I had received and I couldn’t remember how many times I fucked each of these dorm sluts. I was close to orgasm and the knowledge that a few girls would see me cum and catch it with their tongues made my balls ache with cum. I was blowing my creamy load all over their faces and bodies as they licked it right off each other and begged me for more! The naked girls took turns kissing it and teasing it with their tongues. Best college experience ever! That night I went from loser nerd virgin to god of porn with these sorority sluts. Look out for these sluts on patrol in a college campus near you! Because when the Slut Patrol comes a knocking, their pussies be poppin’!