My stepdaughter swapped my sleeping pills for erection pills! She admitted it when I called her to my bedroom and showed her the massive bulge throbbing under my boxers! Her mom is away and I was ready to go to sleep, but I obviously wasn’t going to be getting any rest with this relentless erection! She asked if she could take a look, grabbing my throbbing boner in her soft hands. Man, that felt so good! She continued, slipping it into her wet mouth, sucking it gently, making it gets even bigger and harder! Honestly, I had never felt my cock so engorged in my life, and since my wife wasn’t around to take advantage of it, I might as well let her daughter enjoy it! After all, she’s the one to switched my pills in the first place! The hot teen slapped my dick against her outstretched tongue with a dirty look on her face, swallowing my member all the way down to the base, soaking it in her drool. I could feel it dripping down my balls as she continued giving me head. I couldn’t resist it, I started cumming in her mouth and she just swallowed it all, and then gave me a kiss goodnight and I slept like a baby after that! The next morning, my cock was still as hard as a fucking rock! As soon as I showed it to her, she hopped on my lap and rubbed her juicy bubble butt all over it, removing her leggings and pushing it inside her dripping wet pussy! Once she had me deep inside her I didn’t move for about a minute as I enjoyed the feeling of her young pussy around my dick. I started to thrust my cock in to her soaked pussy. Man, I was fucking my very own step daughter! She told me that after sucking my cock and swallowing my cum, she had stayed up all night masturbating herself just wondering how my erection pill fueled cock would feel inside her cunt! Her delicious bubble shaped butt bounced up and down my lap and she flipped over, rubbing her pussy while riding me in cowgirl position. As I fucked her I watched her boobs bounce all over her lovely chest, she let me play with her big tits, squeezing them hard in my hands. I was getting ready to cum again and she told me to cum inside her one more time and leave her pussy dripping with my creampie! Her tight teen pussy was trying to milk me for all the cum I had in my balls. I could feel cum start to rise from my balls and up my shaft. I began to spurt deep in her womb as it contracted around my dick. I didn’t lose any of my hardness and just kept thrusting my cock in and out or her now cum dripping cunt. I was still hard and her pussy was so wet and slippery. Fuck, we spend the entire weekend fucking over and over until the erection pill lost its effect! 