Thinking she’s all alone in the house, my sexy blonde stepsister gets naked and enjoys a hot bath, leaving the bathroom door wide open, as I walk in while talking to a friend on the phone, finding her fully naked! I walk away after excusing myself, but after catching just a glimpse of her hot naked body, I need to see more so a sneak back to take a peek. It looks like our unexpected encounter has turned her on because she’s using the shower massager to masturbate herself. She doesn’t know this, but a couple of weeks ago I installed a special waterproof spy cam in the tub and I can see her delicious pussy being a stimulated under the water, so fucking hot! Now she’s spreading her legs wide open, flinging them over the edge of the tub so she can use the shower massager to fuck herself, inserting it deep inside her tight cunt, moaning and grunting as she gets herself off. She gasps and gapes as the massager makes her cum hard, if she only knew I was watching her! I walk back to the bathroom and this time she’s all lose and relaxed. She says since I already saw her naked, there’s no reason for her to hide her body from me. Next, she tells me that since I saw her naked, she should see me too! I like were this is going! I strip naked and let her take a good, hard look at my fully erect cock. The smile on her face shows how much she likes what she’s seeing. As soon as they sit on the edge of the tub she grabs my hard cock in her hands, sucking and stroking it. I can feel the stud piercing on the tip of her tongue as she licks my dick and my balls. We get out of the tub and head to the bedroom, where she throws herself in my bed, spreading her legs wide open as I ram my hard cock deep inside her dripping wet pussy and start fucking her in missionary position. Now my horny stepsis begs me to fuck her brains out. There’s something very basic, raw and animalistic about fucking your very own step sister, we are both so fucking turned on! She grabs on tight to the sheets as I plow her, begging me to fuck her very hard and to treat her like a dirty slut, she wants to cum nonstop! She straddles herself on top of my hard cock and rides me in cowgirl position. Her entire body is completely under her control. The noises that a girl makes during orgasm sound so incredible, sexier than anything one could ever hear. She can’t control the erotic sounds that she makes during orgasm. My step sister’s orgasm soaks not only my cock, but my balls and her own asshole. I flip her over for some reverse action while grabbing her tits in my hands and squeezing them hard. After fucking her on her back with her legs pressed together up in the air I cum all over her! What a filthy slut my stepsister turned out to be, I love her!  