When my girlfriend started attending a naked yoga class, at first I wasn’t okay with the idea at all, but after realizing how much better, kinkier and hotter our sex has gotten, I’m all for it! You see, the best sex with my girlfriend always happens right after her hot naked yoga classes! She comes back home feeling so hot and sexy, peeling off her tight yoga leggings, stripping completely naked, showing me how yoga has transformed her body into a lean, mean, fucking machine. My girl is beautiful young lady with very pretty slim body, elegant gorgeous beautiful legs. She also has a perfect pussy, and when her lovely pussy lips form a butterfly these soft, smooth pussy lips are irresistible. Absolutely beautiful cute little ass too. She is so sexy!!! I lied down flat on my back and let her crawl all over me, taking my big throbbing erection in her soft hands, pushing it inside her wet mouth, sucking and licking it slowly while looking straight into my eyes with her beautiful bright eyes. Yoga has even improved her gag reflex, now she can swallow my cock all the way down to the base, hold it in her mouth for as long as she wants to, it’s such a delicious experience! She keeps jerking my cock while sucking my balls, popping them in her mouth and drenching them with her warm saliva. She gives me the best blowjob I have ever had in my life.  It is desire for a prolonged and wonderful fuck. She straddles herself on top, she spreads her sexy legs, her pussy opens, I look down at her pink pussy lips. My cock gets rock hard, I am moving the head of my cock between her inner or outer labia, rubbing her pink clitoris and caressing her opening. She grabs my dick and pushes it deep inside her tight cunt, lowering herself onto me. I feel the welcome stretch of her tight pussy as she begins to accept my cock inside of her. She begins riding me in cowgirl position. Then we change positions, my sexy naked girl gets down on her hands and knees so I can penetrate her from behind and fuck her doggie style, pumping her insatiable pussy with all the cock meat that I can give her. Before her yoga classes we use to have sex once, maybe twice a week. Now she wants to get laid every single day, several times in a day. She tells me yoga increases her sex drive, pushing her libido and making her horny and tireless for my big hard cock and my creamy cum. While I’m fucking her doggie style from behind she’s fingering and rubbing her gushing cunt. When I get tired of fucking her I just stays still and she picks up where I left off, pushing that delicious bubble shaped ass back up against my cock, urging me to continue fucking her hard.   My beautiful naked girlfriend straddles herself back on top of my cock, this time with her back facing my way, riding me in reverse cowgirl position. I hold her by her buttocks and by her hips, pushing her sexy naked body up and down my rod. I look at the amazing sight of her ass crack, her gorgeous pussy and her little asshole. She lies on her back, and I spread her legs wide open, fucking her in missionary position. Her breathing intensifies as we bring each other closer and closer to an explosive orgasm. I can feel the cum boiling inside my balls, looking for a release as she squeezes her pussy muscles, massaging my throbbing member inside her, making me cum as I pull out, spraying hot cum all over her! I can’t stop cumming, over and over, all over her angelic face and her small tits, hor steaky sperm is all over her naked body. Fuck, maybe I should start taking naked yoga classes too, so I can keep up with my sexy girlfriend’s incredible sex drive!