My girlfriend was getting ready to host a party with her friends, and since it was a very hot day, everybody was in their skimpy bikinis and thongs! She asked me She asked me to help her get things set up and film the party, and boy, I was getting so much hot footage of my girl and my friends that I was nursing one hell of a chubby boner between my legs and the girls were taking notice! They were feeling horny too, so they put on a hot lesbian strip tease show for me, stripping naked in front of me and making out while I watched and filmed and let my cock get even bigger and harder! One of her friends, a sexy redhead, came over and took my big juicy dick in her hands, sucking and stroking it while my girl had some lesbian fun with her other friend. She was sitting on a chair, spread legged, with her friend eating her out, and the girls came to join me so they could get their hands on some cock and their other friend’s snatch, forming a wild cluster fuck! The girl sucking my dick was getting her pussy eaten out, her tits groped and her entire body licked and kissed by my girlfriend and her other friend, this was so fucking hot! My girl climbed on top of the dinner table, down on her hands and knees, claiming my juicy dick all for herself, sucking it hard and deep. My girl was the prettiest of the three and she made my cock the hardest. I flipped her over the table, spreading her legs wide open, ramming my hard cock deep inside her gushing cunt and pounding her in missionary position while her dirty friends watched us fucking and waited for their turn on my big dick! This party was just getting started and it wasn’t going to end until I satisfied all these three fuck sluts with my cock! The sexy brunette took my girl’s place and she rubbed her muff while I fucked her, then I made her stand and bend over so I could fuck that juicy bubble butt from behind while she fingered my girl. I watched my girlfriend blowing me while her friends tongue fucked her. Then, the naked girls switched and she was licking their pussies while I fucked them. I couldn’t decide which pussy I liked more. I wanted to have them both for myself forever. A fantastic foursome with horny sluts who love to suck and fuck cock! After fucking all girls, I was ready to blow my creamy load all over them! The three girls were all over my cock. Fucking hot! The girls swallowed every drop of cum. The feeling of satisfaction and fulfillment washed over me. That’s why I love helping out my girlfriend with her party setups! 