My babe knows just how much I love sweets and candy so for my birthday she had a very special surprise for me: a candy thong bikini! I couldn’t believe it, she looked so fucking hot and sexy in it, I just didn’t know where to start! Should I eat her first, or the candy? Maybe both at the same time! She started running around the house, if I wanted my sweets, I was going to have to catch her first. Just imagine me running naked behind her, with my throbbing morning wood dangling between my legs, LOL! She was well worth the chase, as I caught her on the living room couch, ripping her sexy candy bikini top and grabbing hold of her gorgeous breasts crowned by puffy, erect nipples. I reached down, pulling her candy thong aside and playing with her pink cunt, sucking on her nipples and eating her out, grabbing bites of hard candy along the way, what a treat! Feeling like a kid in a candy store I fondle, kiss, lick and suck her pussy, her wet lips and her clit to my heart’s delight. The candy thing’s candy laced G string sinks into her slit, parting her tender pink pussy lips as I continue licking her. She loves it so-o-o-o fucking much. My naked girl gets down on her knees, ready to suck and stroke my big throbbing erection with a huge smile on her beautiful face. She makes sure to also give my balls a thorough licking before swallowing my dick all the way down to the base, holding it in as long as possible before her gag reflexes kick in, pulling out, choking and gagging, drenching my erection with her delicious drool. I lie flat on my back and she sits on my lap, wiggling and twerking her delicious bubble butt, rubbing my boner up and down the crack of her sexy ass, straddling herself on top and riding me in reverse cowgirl position. She slaps her ass cheeks until they turn red, screaming at the top of her lungs as I drill her snatch. She gets on her hands and knees, rubbing her asshole with her fingers while I fuck her doggy style from behind. I shove my fingers into her wet mouth and she sucks them, tasting the candy and pussy on them. I pin her shoulders on the floor and pile drive fuck my sexy girlfriend, blasting hot cum all over her slutty face and her hot naked candy laced body! 