I just can’t believe how fucking cheap my dad is. I was looking forward to spending spring break with my beautiful brunette girlfriend Lana in our hotel room when I found out my dad decided to book a single room with two double beds to share with him and his new wife. This was going to be so awkward! We checked in and just sat on the bed while my dad and his wife unpacked and after a few minutes, she crawled between us, asking if everything was okay. My dad’s new wife is a drop dead gorgeous blonde babe with huge bubble tits and a smoking hot body. We figured out we would find a way to make it through the first night. Lana was feeling frisky and I felt her hands over my cock under the sheets. It felt weird, since my dad and my stepmom were sleeping right next to us, but my dick was already as hard as a rock and my sexy girlfriend seemed super turned on by this scenario, so I placed a pillow to block the view as she sucked and stroked my sausage! While she did this, my stepmom started watching, pulling her big tits over her sexy lingerie and spreading her legs wide open, masturbating while playing voyeur! I pushed Lana’s head against my crotch, making her deepthroat my dick, choking and gagging as she pulled out, drooling copiously all over my dick and balls. I had my eyes closed during all this, so I had no idea what was going on, as my stepmom got up from her bed and crawled behind my girlfriend, pulling her thing aside and shoving her wet tongue into the crack of her ass, rimming her asshole! My girl looked over her shoulder, giving her an approving and welcoming look! I felt something different in the way she was sucking and jerking my dick, but I couldn’t figure out what it was, it just felt awesome! When she started kissing my lips and I still felt her down there, I realized something was off, opened my eyes and saw my hot stepmom latched onto my dick! I couldn’t believe she was doing that, with my dad sleeping right next to us on the other bed, but she assured us he could sleep through anything. Hey, if Lana was onboard, so was I!   We all stripped naked and I watched my stepmom’s big tits bouncing up and down as she rode on my cock, with Lana sucking on her breasts and rubbing her muff! The most beautiful Boobs I have ever seen. Everything was perfect. I was going to have to share my meatstick, doubly occupying my girlfriend and my stepmom pussy. The naked girls took turns eating each other out as I took turns fucking them in every possible position. I fucked my sexy blonde stepmom doggy style, eating my girlfriend’s wet pussy at the same time, it was amazing! I moved from one pussy to the other, pounding hard and deep into them, not paying any attention to my sleeping dad. The horny girls took turns riding my face, my dick, sucking on my cock, cumming and squirting until I was ready to cum all over my stepmom’s big tits, watching Lana licking it all off! Looks like my dad’s cheapness finally paid off, as I got to fuck his hot wife and Lana in our shared hotel room!