This cool dad is playing catch with his stepson on the backyard and by accident, the ball hits his daughter smack on the head and she faints! Poor thing! They take her inside, laying her down on the living room couch and her dad leaves her stepbrother looking out for her while he goes to the pharmacy to look for some medicine to make her feel better. A couple of minutes after he leaves, she comes out of her spell, but it looks like she lost her memory, because she doesn’t recognize her stepbrother! He’s intrigued by this, and when she asks who he is, instead of telling her he’s her stepbrother, the motherfucker tells her that he’s her boyfriend! What a scoundrel! Well played! This lands him straight in her bed, lying back as she takes his big hard cock and sucks and strokes it. Good thing the blow to her head hasn’t made her forget how to be a slut! She strips naked and lies flat on her back with her legs spread wide open as he pushes his big juicy Dick deep inside her tight cunt and begins fucking his very own stepsister in missionary position. He kisses her soft lips while fondling her nice breasts and she tells him that she wants to go on top. They switch positions and she straddles herself on his lap, pushing his big fat cock inside her muff so she can ride her boyfriend. Well, at least that’s who she thinks she’s riding! He grabs her by her juicy bubble butt and gives her a couple of good spanks, grabbing her by her hair and pressing her hot naked body against his own. She lies flat on her belly, jutting her ass up high so he can penetrate and fuck her from behind, nailing her against the bed. They are interrupted by a knock on the door, her dad is back! She lets him know she’s feeling a lot better so she can get him out of her way and go back to fucking her boyfriend/stepbrother! He puts her sideways and penetrates her from behind, kissing her lips and grabbing her by the neck and letting her ride in reverse cowgirl before blowing his load all over her face! He hopes she doesn’t get too upset when she regains her memory! 