Looks like my sexy girlfriend’s friends are having some problems dominating the basics of cock sucking, so she asked me to shoot a blowjob instruction video for her friends, can you imagine that? It sounded like a lot of fun, of course I agreed! She set up a video camera in our bedroom and slipped into her sexiest pink lace panties and we got our instructional blowjob video started. Of course, I needed to get my cock hard first, so she sat on my lap and rubbed her delicious bubble butt up and down my crotch, giving me a throbbing erection under my boxers! Once my sexy babe got me nice and hard, she crawled between my legs, pulling down on my boxers and retrieving my meaty sausage, instructing her friends via the camera along the way as she took my dick in her soft hands and began stroking it. Man, I really wanted to follow along, but this had me so excited, all I wanted to do was fuck my girl! She started running around the house with me chasing behind her, camera in tow. I finally caught up with her in the living room, where she dropped to her knees, sucking and stroking my fat cock, cupping my balls in the palm of her hand. My horny naked girlfriend took me back to the bedroom, where we would be more comfortable, making me lie down on the bed as she continued giving me a fabulous blowjob. She lifted my cock and kept jerking it while popping my balls into her wet mouth and polishing them up with her saliva, she sucked hard on them. She deep throated my cock, swallowing it all the way down to the base, holding it inside her mouth as long as possible before pulling out, drenching my member and my balls with her drool and spreading it all over my shaft with her soft hands. I thought I was going to cum right in her mouth but the truth was that she wanted my cock deep inside her tight pussy! She straddled herself on top of me and lowered her pussy on top of my cock. My babe truly has the most beautiful pussy. She shaved herself, leaving only a small triangle of pubic hair above her slit, so sexy! She has the prettiest face, beautiful blue eyes and her tiny body is the sexiest body as well. Only the tip of my cock was inside her, she hold it with her vagina muscles, and squeeze on it. She was grinding her hips, squeezing my dick inside her gushing cunt as she rode on my cock and I rubbed her clit with my fingertips. Her titties were bouncing up and down, back and forth, sometimes flopping in circles! I put her on her back, spreading her legs wide open, fucking her in missionary position. She made me lie on my back again and sat back on my cock, this time with her juicy bubble butt facing my way, bouncing up and down my lap. Hot, long, wild, sex and some dirty talk. My sexy babe got down on her hands and knees, guiding my dick back inside her, fucking her hard doggie style from behind. I stood still as she pushed her juicy bubble butt back up against my cock. I spanked her tiny butt cheeks, then I moved to her asshole, fingering her tight little hole. “I want your cock in my mouth so bad!” she turned over and took my dick into her warm, hungry mouth. As she sucked my cock she also played and massaged my balls, jerking my cock with her soft hands. Then my naked girl stood and raised her arms above her head and leaned backwards into a bridge, and kept scuking my dick in this gymnastic position. It was something amazing!   She fell on her back, spread her pussy with her fingers and ordered me to keep fucking her hard and fast. I was still slamming my cock deep into her tight pussy so hard!!! Her tits were jiggling all over her chest, my balls were slamming into her cunt and ass. Soon enough I could feel the tingle in my balls that that told me I was ready to cum. I think she felt it too, she pulled my hot throbbing cock just in time as I was blowing my load, blasting hot sticky cum all over her face! She took the head of my cock in her mouth and began to suck on it wanting the cum from my balls. She milked my cock for all the cum that was left. My sexy girl is an expert cock sucker and I’m sure her friends would greatly benefit from this instructional video. Who knows, I wouldn’t actually mind giving them some private lessons with my girlfriend!