This beautiful teen has taken a vow to save herself before marriage, and two years into college, she’s having relationship problems, since it’s very hard to keep her boyfriend interested in her while she’s holding back sex. She tries to make him feel better with a blowjob, but it doesn’t seem to work at all. Luckily her beautiful blonde cougar stepmom is spying on the teens from across the bedroom door and she remembers a trick from her youth that seems to keep the guys interested. No doubt this will help her beloved stepdaughter and her boyfriend in this time of trouble! She sits by her stepdaughter’s boyfriend in the bed and orders Taylor, her stepdaughter, to get down on her knees in front of him and to take his big hard cock in her hands, guiding her mouth to it so she can suck his Dick using her special deep throating technique. However, her the young teen just can’t quite get it right, so she shows her how it’s done, grabbing her boyfriend’s cock, spitting on it and giving him a glorious blowjob. After carefully watching, her step daughter joins in and the cougar letter continue blowing her boyfriend while placing her over him, spreading her ass cheeks wide open with her hands and teaching the boyfriend how to finger Taylor’s tight asshole while eating her out. While he’s eating her muff, she rims her asshole with her pink tongue, probing in deep. Now that her delicious little asshole is all lubed up with her saliva and stretched out, it’s time for her to learn that trick, straddling herself on her boyfriend’s lap and letting his big saliva soaked cock sink nice and slow into her asshole, successfully popping her anal cherry without putting her virginity at risk! The young girl loves the way that big dick feels inside her asshole, so tight and snug as she keeps her ass cheeks spread and bounces up and down his lap. While doing so, the MILF licks her pussy and her boyfriend’s balls, making sure she keeps them both well aroused during their hardcore anal fucking. Now her crazy step mom lets her boyfriend fuck her tight asshole as much as he likes. It feels SO good, her anus is so incredibly tight around his dick. He also gets to fuck this sexy blonde cougar mom too! There is no way you can lose a man like that! The naked girls bent over facing their ass to the guy and he kept shoving his dick in and out deeper and deeper into their anal holes. He has never seen anything like it before. He moves from one ass to the other distributing his load between them. 