My gorgeous blonde stepsister was practicing her yoga in the living room while I was upstairs taking a shower. We usually don’t get in each other’s way, but I let the bathroom door open for the steam from the shower to get out and as she passed by the hallway she couldn’t help seeing me naked, especially my full on erection! I’m always super hard after getting out of the shower and after sitting in the toilet, I looked towards the door and saw her just standing there, looking straight on my cock with an expression of total lust in her face. I know my stepsister, when she sees something she likes, she gets it, and it looked like she really liked my cock! The horny slut got on her knees in front of me, with her top pulled over her big delicious tits, taking my dick in her hands and popping it in her wet mouth, giving me an awesome blowjob. This was so fucking kinky, man, I was getting head from my very own step sister, how fucked up is that shit? She was swallowing my cock all the way down to the base, making delicious choking and gagging sounds and showing me her yoga moves, arching over with her back facing me and sucking my dick while rubbing her muff over her pink skimpy yoga shorts! She rub her sweet lips and tongue all over my rock hard prick. These young teens are very wonderful at sucking a cock. She was kissing the head of my cock, using her tongue to circle around and caressing my balls. My hot naked step sister leaned against the bathroom wall, bent over in front of me showing off her round buttocks and inviting cunt. I buried my face between her ass, spreading her delicious butt cheeks wide open and burying my tongue and the crack of her ass, licking her tender little asshole and her wet slit, what a treat! She tasted good and sweet, her slit was very, very wet and my hungry tongue could hardly keep up with her juices in my mouth. She told me she wanted my cock in her so bad. I took my horny step sister to my bedroom, threw her on my bed, spread her legs wide open and continued tongue fucking her pink snatch while she pulled her legs behind her head. I finger fucked her with one hand while licking her clit and using my free hand to make her suck on my fingertips. I groped her big tits as I rammed my hard cock deep inside her wet cunt, fucking her hard in missionary position. The walls of her pussy was squeezing my dick, her teen pussy was so tight. She grab my ass and pulled me deeper, making me fuck her faster and faster. My balls were hitting against her ass noisily each time my cock went all the way inside her wonderful cunt. She was all rolled up like a pretzel and I fingered her clit, making her squirm as I continued banging her. My naked step sister kept showing off her exceptional gymnastic posing ability with multiple back flips and hand stands. I lied flat on my back and I let her straddle herself on top, grabbing my big dick and shoving it inside her cunt, making her beautiful body bounce up and down while riding me in cowgirl position. We got into a 69, with my beautiful stepsister sucking on my dick and licking my balls while I munched on her raw pussy. Her juices were all over my face, I could barely breathe but I kept tongue fucking her vagina.   Then she hopped back on top of my cock, riding me in reverse cowgirl while I shoved my thumb inside her tight asshole, double penetrating her. This really turned her on, making her twerk her ass. Her ass cheeks were perfectly round and firm and spankable. I thought I would cum just looking at her gorgeous ass, her round buttocks were bouncing up and down and up and down. She get down on her hands and knees so I could finish her off doggy style! I grabbed her waist from behind and pumped my rock hard cock into her pussy faster and faster. “Fuck me! I want you inside of me! Fuck me, fuck me with that big cock.” she was yelling. 