How many people here have sex with random strangers in random public places? I met this sexy blonde college girl while waiting on the line in the bank, noticing she seemed pretty distressed since she was there for a student loan and didn’t get approved. I caught up with her on her way out, and made her an offer she couldn’t refuse, fast and easy cash, if she was willing to have a good time with me. Of course the teenage girl took me on in my offer, after all, what better way to lighten up your day there with some extra cash and good sex? She flashed me her beautiful titties while we were walking through a park and we look for a quiet spot where she could get done on her knees, sucking and stroking my big throbbing member. Dogging is a big turn on for me, you know, having sex in public places, and though this was a new experience for her, she was giving it a shot, looking over her shoulder as she gave me head to make sure nobody was looking. I sat her sexy little ass on a nearby stool, hiking up her dress, spreading her legs wide open and rammed my fat cock deep inside her already gushing pink cunt. Her young pussy was completely exposed to me, and I’d never seen anything so perfect. She rubbed her clit while I was banging her, stimulating her nipples with her fingers. So fucking sexy! We moved unto a narrow corridor and I lied flat while she straddled herself atop, squatting over my boner and pushing it inside her cunt, riding me in cowgirl position with a dirty look on her face. This horny teen was really getting into the whole dogging experience, I could tell by the way she straddled herself on my cock, now barely looking over for passersby, all she wanted to do was suck, stroke and suck my delicious dick. She flipped over and squatted over my cock again, showing me her delicious bubble butt while riding it in reverse cowgirl position. That sexy little ass jiggled like jelly and she looked over her shoulder with a sexy smile on her face, making sure I was enjoying the ride as much as she was. I was ready to blow my load so I pulled my hard cock out of her wet cunt and spray lots of hot and sticky cum all over her! 