I’m watching my beautiful brunette, busty girlfriend totally naked and masturbating herself in our bed, rubbing and finger fucking her dripping wet pussy while massaging her big tits, surrounded by all her dildos, rubber cocks, vibrators and strap on dicks. I know what’s going on in her dirty little mine, my sexy girl can’t stop thinking about diving her face in between some long legs and getting buried in some sexy snatch! She’s a bisexual girl, and no matter how much she loves my cock, I know once in a while she needs to get her fix of pussy. I’m okay with that, I love finding us girls to fuck together in a threesome! We get dressed and go outside to see we can find our perfect partner for a hot and steamy ménage à trios. It doesn’t take us long to find her, our beautiful next door neighbor, in her sexy salmon top and white skirt. We invite her into her home and my girl, wearing her sexy blue crop top and denim shorts makes the first move, pulling her tank top over her body, giving her a look at those big beautiful tits! They are like a siren’s call to both men and women alike on our neighbor is enthralled and mesmerized by them. She sits on her lap, letting her suckle on her puffy nipples as she helps her remove her salmon top and bare her beautiful tits too. After letting the neighbor munch on her beefy tits, she spreads her legs wide open and dives between her long legs, burying her face between them, eating her out, tasting the delicious juices that flow from her gushing snatch. She kisses her legs, running down her thighs and all the way to her toes while masturbating her, digging her fingers into her pink clam and then the sexy neighbor buries her silky tongue inside my girlfriend’s tender little asshole, rimming her. The best of all is when girls lick the asshole ! I watched the naked girls heading to the bedroom, throwing themselves on top of the bed, rubbing their dripping wet pussies together, scissoring and tribbing amidst the collection of sex toys. These two girls are amazing! They areally all natural, perfect breats, perfect ass and best of all…nicely trimmed bushes. My girl gives our neighbor her favorite strap on cock so she can wrap around her waist and use it to fuck her very hard and make her cum over and over! I just love watching our sexy neighbor eating my girlfriend’s pussy while I stroke my big thick hard shaft for them! If my girl took a cock she would eat her pussy right after I fucked her! Also if I gave her a cream pie she would lick the cum out of her pussy! They are so fucking hot!!! 