It’s a hot day and this beautiful blonde teen is rubbing sun lotion all over her delicious body and she is feeling so fucking horny, fantasizing about a big hard cock to suck and fuck. While the horny young girl thinks about it, she passes her slippery hands all over her glistening body, feeling her nipples getting hard and her slit soaking wet. She spots the pool boy, a sexy stud with a chiseled body and what has to be a big, juicy dick, and starts flirting with him. Seducing him is easy, in a matter of seconds he’s pressing her hot body against his, feeling his strong and powerful hands all over her small, firm breasts. He feels his warm breath against her neck, giving her goose bumps and sending shivers up and down her spine, all the way down to her pussy, making a tingle and get so hot and wet. Her daddy is sitting by the pool, reading his newspaper, so she has to make sure he doesn’t see her with the pool boy, so she gets him in the pool with her. He hides behind her, eating out her pussy and ass from behind while she talks with her dad. He is moving his tongue up and down along the length of her ass crack, licking her anus and her clit. As soon as her daddy leaves, the pool boy gets out of the pool and lies flat on his back so the hot teen can lie down by his side and enjoy sucking and stroking his deliciously big and hard cock. While she does so, he fingers her and lets her suck on his fingers so she can taste herself on them. She sits on his cock, it’s so big, so thick. She feels it sinking inch by inch inside her tight cunt, stretching it out as it makes its way in until he’s totally inside her, filling her. The young naked girl rides him in reverse cowgirl while he rubs her muff and keeps her legs spread wide open. She makes her juicy bubble butt, drenched in slippery sun lotion, bounce up and down on his lap, looking over her shoulder to enjoy the satisfied expression on the pool boy’s face. She flips over, straddling herself on top and riding him in cowgirl position. She has no idea how good the pool boy is at keeping the pool clean, but he’s awesome at fucking her tight cunt! 