This girl was supposed to be house sitting, but when I come home to find the place a mess, I’m mad as hell! Good thing when I find her, she’s dancing almost naked! I’m on my way downstairs to just ask her to leave when I see her on the couch in her sexy lingerie, listening to some music on her smart phone while dancing and passing her hands all over her hot body! Man, she looks so damn hot and sexy, she doesn’t even know I’m there looking at her! She starts getting fully naked and twerking her ass when she finally opens her eyes and realizes that I’m watching her, while stroking the big fucking boner she gave me. I’m all about second chances, and she looks so hot and fuckable right now, I tell her I’m going to give her another chance, but she’s going to have to change her ways and give me a proof of good will by starting out with cleaning up my hard cock and balls, with her tongue! At least now I feel better, but she gets down on her knees with a naughty look at her face and she begins sucking and stroking my big hard cock. Her sweet lips around my dick make me feel better! After giving me an amazing hands-free blowjob I lie flat on my back and let this sexy babe straddle herself on top, pushing my hard cock deep inside her dripping wet pussy and making her work for it, riding my sausage in cowgirl position. She grabs her hula hoop and makes it twirl around her sexy waist, making the dance with her hips while she continues bouncing up and down my hard cock. The sexy naked teen gets off my cock, stands up, wiggles her juicy bubble butt as she flips over and squats back down over my meat pole, letting it sink inside her muff as she continues riding on it, this time in reverse cowgirl position. I love watching her sexy ass, with her tan lines and that delicious puckered up asshole contracting as she takes my sausage all the way in her cunt. I put her on her back and spread her legs wide open, ramming my fat cock back deep inside her pussy and fucking her in missionary position. She bites on her hula hoop and keeps telling me that she’s going to behave better from now on, that she’s going to work real hard and keeping the house clean, just so I can be happy with her and continue fucking her brains out with my big dick. I sealed the deal by fucking her from behind, then blowing my creamy load all over her pretty face, something more for her to clean up! 