I’m really starting to feel worried about my 18-year-old stepdaughter. She’s a beautiful brunette with a smoking hot body, yet, she hardly ever goes out, doesn’t have a boyfriend and spends all day playing with Legos! After talking to her about the birds and bees and discovering that she still has never seen a cock before, I realized it was time for her to see one before since got worse! I whipped out my big fat cock and let her take a good look at it, and it seems to have worked, because it didn’t take her a second to drop her Legos and grab on tight to my dick. Her little mouth opened and I felt her warmth as she sucked me in. Her hot, wet tongue  swirled around the head of my cock. My petite step daughter was sucking and stroking it, feeling it grow bigger and harder in her wet mouth. That’s right sweetie, time for you to grow on to bigger and better toys! My cock was fucking her in the mouth as she held onto it with her hands and tasted it with her tongue. Man, she was a pretty good cock sucker, actually, much better than her mom, LOL! Good thing her mom wasn’t around, she wouldn’t have approved of my methods. Being so tiny and petite, I easily lifted her up and carried her to the nearby couch, spreading her legs wide open. And now I was looking at her pussy, bald and smooth, wet and warm. Juice was dripping from it; there was a wet spot on the bed. I held my cock in front of her sweet pink pussy lips. I couldn’t stand it anymore, I spread her legs wide open with my hands for her 18 year old pussy to meet my dick. With one trust I pushed my 9 inches all the way deep into her young pussy, popping her cherry! I closed my eyes as the feeling of her tight warm pussy squeezed and massaged my cock. I straddled my tiny naked step daughter on top and she sat on my dick. Once she bottomed out on my big cock she shuddered and came from the sheer size of it in her tight 18 year old pussy. She was riding me in cowgirl position and pressing her titties against my face. She had nice plump tits with big puffy nipples and suckled hard on them feeling them getting big and hard with the stimulation my tongue provided. I cradled her in my arms and fucked her in standing position, her legs wrapped around my waist. “Ahhhhhhh . . . fuck! I’m cumming NOW!” she wailed, as she slammed down hard on my cock, and then shuddered as her entire body exploded in pleasure. Then I pin her shoulders to the ground and fucked the petite girl in the piledriver position. Unlike her mom, this bitch didn’t say no to any position I put her in. I grabbed her feet and spread her legs wide open while pumping her cunt with my dick like an oil rig pumping out black gold, baby! I sat back down and the petite naked girl squatted over my dick and pushed it back inside her, this time in reverse cowgirl position.   There she was, sweat running down her hot naked body, screaming at the top of her lungs, begging her step daddy to make her his whore and fuck her brains out with his big fat cock. She rubbed her wet muff while I banged her and put her on her back again, giving her more missionary sex and letting her grind her pussy against my dick until I was ready to cum. I pulled out of her pussy and she opened her mouth so I could fill it up! I was wrong about my stepdaughter, she’s already a woman, she loves cock and she loves having her step daddy fucking her hard and filling her up with hot spunk, happily trading her Lego bricks for Dick! 