Beautiful Stacey can’t believe how her best friend Rebecca treats her new stepson, and decides to pay him a little visit while he’s scrubbing the tub. Poor lad, he looks like such a handsome young man. Stacey tries to help them out, but in the process, only manages to get his clothes wet. Still trying to help, the sexy blonde helps the young man off his wet clothes, but when she pulls down his boxers she finds herself with an unexpected surprise. He has a huge cock! That’s not all, it’s fully erect and throbbing hard! Stacey is perplexed, she has never seen such a big dick in her life, and she has seen many, in all shapes and colors! After getting him naked and filling up the tub, she strips naked herself, enjoying the way the young man looks at her stunning nude body, especially her big round tits and juicy bubble butt. Believe it or not, she can swear that cock is getting even bigger and harder! Even more when she gets in the tub with him and begins stroking it with her soft hands! She’s pretty damn sure that if her friend Rebecca new her stepson had such a massive cock, she wouldn’t treat him so bad! She’s actually in the middle of sucking it one his stepmom walks in and realizes what’s going on. Her slutty friend invites her not just to see how well endowed her stepson is, but to reach over and grab his cock too, so the girls can both play with it. The blonde MILF has a change of heart, stripping naked and joining her friend in the tub with her stepson. The horny blondes suck and stroke his big dick together, licking those big wet balls and making out while he watches them. Her slutty friend straddles herself on top, pushing his huge member deep inside her gushing cunt and riding him while she spreads her legs wide open over the edge of the top can get her pussy eaten out by her friend. Then the busty blonde changes places where her, riding her stepson’s erection in reverse cowgirl, making her delicious bubble butt bounce against his lap, splashing water all over the bathroom floor. These sluts are crying for his seed and his big fucking dick that is stretching their cunts out so much they will never get satisfaction from anything smaller again. These two women can’t stop cumming, having one orgasm after another. He fucks their big tits as these two hot naked women rub them against each other and around his hard cock, making it erupt, splattering hot and creamy cum all over them! 