Sexy jogging teen takes this naked pledge stranded by frat bros back home to fuck! Check out this sexy blonde curly haired teen jogging down the road when some frat bros drive by, hazing their pledge. They hit the brakes, open the door, kick him out and drive off, leaving the poor guy, not just stranded, but butt naked too! Poor guy tries covering himself up as best he can, but this sexy blonde wants to get a better look at his package! Shameless! The teen girl can’t believe how big he is, and his dick is not even fully erect, given the circumstances. Her place is nearby, and she invites him to come over, maybe some of her dad old clothes might fit him. However, once they are back at her place, she asks she can take another look at that big hard cock. The young girl takes it in her soft hands, rubbing it gently, feeling how it’s throbs as it gets bigger and harder, just as she expected. She drops to her knees, popping it into her wet mouth, sucking and stroking it hard. She wonders if she can fit something so big down her throat, choking and gagging along the way, feeling his hands around her curly locks, pushing his dick down her throat, so delicious! Thick ropes of drool slip down the sides of her lips and her chin, drenching his big tool as he spreads her legs wide open and straddles her atop his lap, impaling her dripping wet cunt on his massive meat sword, pushing her petite body up and down his long shaft while the tiny girl vigorously rubs her muff. Never before has she had anything remotely as big inside her little pussy, it makes her body squirm and convulse involuntarily as she tries hard to accommodate that massive cock inside her cunt. He massages her soft breasts and shoves his fingers into her wet mouth so she can suck on them while getting her tight snatch plunged by his meat hose, putting his arms under her knees and behind the small of her back, putting this sexy bitch into the full sex Nelson, throttling her cunt! A camera zooms in close watching his huge cock head stretching out her young pussy disappearing inside her wet hole. The naked girl flips over, making her juicy bubble butt bounce up and down her stud’s lap, her shoulders pinned against the floor as he pile drive fucks her and blasts loads of hot and sticky cum all over her face and tits! 