Horny brunette coed Megan is home from college, and she’s dying to fuck her friend, whom she has not seen in such a long time. She really misses his big fat cock! She can’t wait for him to arrive, sending him nude selfies, a lot of pics of her amazing ass and her titties. As soon as she hears a knock on the door, she runs to it. He’s here, just in time for lunch. Unfortunately, her mom is home too. Well, she’s just going to have to figure out a way to fuck that cock without her finding out, because she’s not willing to wait a minute longer to get her hands on it. He hasn’t even sat on the table and she’s already flashing him her beautiful tits, pulling down on her pants, spreading her delicious ass cheeks and playing with her dripping wet muff and her pink asshole, showing him how fucking turned on she is for him and his sex! He can’t believe this, especially since her mom is just a few feet away from them in the kitchen. Yet, there she is, rubbing her muff and twerking her juicy bubble butt, quickly pulling her pants up just in time as her mom comes in with their lunch. A couple of minutes later, the teen slut excuses herself, heading for the restroom, flashing her naked ass to her friend as a signal that he should follow her. He excuses himself too and heads off behind her. He just hopes her mom doesn’t realize something fishy is going on. In her bedroom, she’s already waiting for him, down on all fours, her naked juicy bubble butt jutted up, her shorts dangling around her knees, ready to get her pussy and asshole licked by her friend. Her friend buries his face between her ass cheeks, licking her clit from behind. He tongue fucks her cunt, shoving his tongue deep inside her tender little asshole too. As he continues to take pleasure in her juices, she moans and groans. She loves the feeling. She grinds her perfect ass against his face, feeling his tongue pleasuring her sensitive anal ring and her pussy slit with her clit. It is so exciting to feel his mouth there, his tongue trying to get deep inside her both holes. The hot slut makes him pull down his pants so she can grab his big throbbing erection and pop it inside her mouth, sucking and stroking it hard, deep throating that delicious member all the way down to his balls, drenching them with her slippery saliva while giving him the sloppiest blowjob. He holds her head still, ramming his cock down her throat, fucking her mouth and making her gush thick ropes of drool that drip down her chin. She loves the feeling of his hot, hard, throbbing dick in her mouth. Her pussy begs to be filled as she continues rubbing her clit faster and harder. He turns her over, raising one of her legs, jamming his dick deep inside her cunt, pounding her very hard from behind, making her squeal like a pig. He slides his massive dick nearly all the way out then back in again; feeding her hungry pussy more and more with each stroke, harder and harder. ” Oh yes … give it to me baby… stretch me baby… open my pussy up wide with your cock.” She grabs her big tits and squeezes them tight, rubbing her snatch while she feels her friend’s massive cock pounding her so hard, so good, so deep! It’s been so long and she missed that piece of dick so bad!   This horny teen doesn’t care if her mom walks into the bedroom and finds them fucking, she just wants to straddle herself on top of that rod and ride it like a dirty little cowgirl, feeling it stuffing her and making her his slut! She licks her lips, her body still shaking from the intensity of the sneaky sex experiences. His hard dick makes her cum over and over again in all possible positions. Her friend doesn’t stop; he keeps fucking her cunt, knowing how much she loves it. He doesn’t even stop when her mom comes in the room. He keeps fucking her for another few moments, then pulls his cock out and shoots a tremendous load of sperm all over her face and in her open mouth. Don’t miss this amazing sneaky and caught sex in Full HD by the link above.