Sexy woman makes sure her stepdaughter’s boyfriend can give her a great time! When this young man comes looking for his girlfriend to take her out on a date, he’s greeted by her stepmother, a ravishing brunette cougar with a beautiful face and a drop dead gorgeous body. His girlfriend is not home yet, and her stepmom invites him to sit and wait for her, seizing the opportunity to address her concerns. You see, she wants to make sure that her beloved stepdaughter has a great time with her boyfriend, so she wants to make sure that her boyfriend is fit and equipped to give her said great time! What better way to find out than by having a little practice? He spreads her legs wide open, she’s not wearing any panties under her skirt, inviting her stepdaughter’s boyfriend to eat her out. He gets on his knees, salivating over her slit and spreading it all over her cunt with his tongue. He spreads her tender pink pussy lips wide open while nibbling her cunt and clit with the tip of his tongue. Oh, he’s good, he’s so damn good! She holds his head, pressing it against her crotch, ready for her next move. She drops to her knees, grabbing his big succulent cock and popping it in her wet mouth, sucking and stroking it. He sends them off, so he can put on a nice suit and take her stepdaughter out for dinner. She helps her get ready and practices with her too! He spreads her legs wide open on the kitchen counter and eats her out, just in time, as her boyfriend comes knocking on the door. She’s not surprised when she sees him coming over to her bedroom. She grabs his rock hard cock, sucking and stroking it as her stepdaughter comes in and joins them for a succulent threesome date night at home! After sucking his hard cock together, she strips her stepdaughter naked, spreading her legs wide open and watching us her boyfriend fucks her tight pussy in missionary position. She wants to get fucked by that big Dick too, after all, stepmother and stepdaughter share everything, right? They get side by side, down on her hands and knees, fucked doggie style from behind by their stud and after the hot cougar rides his hard cock in reverse cowgirl he blows his load all over them! 