This guy is in med school and since he’s having a hard time studying at his dorm, he decides to spend the weekend over at his mom’s home where he can study in peace, enjoy her fantastic home cooking and meet his new step sister, a sexy brunette who he quickly discovers is quite a slut! While he’s trying to study in the kitchen and his mom is cooking up some pasta she’s flirting with him shamelessly while her mom’s back is turned to them! She takes the spoon her stepmom gave her to try her Pomodoro sauce, licking it like a Dick and shoving it under her panties! She sits by his side on the table and he can feel her hand on his knee quickly moving up to his crotch, rubbing and massaging his bulge! He can’t believe it when she actually unbuckles and unzips his jeans, grabbing his big throbbing erection and jerking it! Thank God he has a pretty big medical book to cover his junk from his mom’s eyes! His stepsister gets under the table and crawls up to his junk, sucking and stroking it right there, just a few feet away from his mom! He needs a buffer zone, so he excuses himself and heads to the living room, lying down on the rug behind the sofa, blocked from his mom’s view in the kitchen, as his stepsister continues sucking and stroking his Dick, drooling thick ropes of warm saliva all over it. After soaking his balls with her drool she strips down to her sexy white lace stockings and straddles herself on his lap, pushing his hard cock inside her wet cunt and riding him in reverse cowgirl position. He watches her beautiful tits bouncing up and down while she humps him. Grabbing her by her sexy hips, he lifts her up in mid air while she sucks his dick and plants her on his face, eating her out while she blows him. He spreads her legs wide open and rams his sausage back inside her, fucking her hard sideways from behind while munching on her big tits, sucking on her nipples and making her ride on his dick some more before blowing his load all over her face, finishing just in time! Mom’s homemade pasta is served! 