This teen girl can’t believe when she overhears her sexy stepmom calling a lover over! She’s been hiring male escorts while her dad is away on his business trips! When the young gigolo comes over, he sits on the living room couch and her stepmom gets down on her knees, sucking and stroking his big hard cock with her dress hiked over her juicy bubble butt, while she films it all with her smart phone. Her stepmom is drooling all over that thick dick and biting her lips, what a slut! Unfortunately, her stepdaughter sneezes, alerting her stepmother of her presence. Afterwards, her stepmom sits down with her in her bedroom, so they can have a heart to heart about all that’s going on, and it seems like they actually reach an understanding, particularly when her stepmom discovers she has a thing for other girls, especially mature, experienced girls! They start making out, pushing their slick pink tongues into each other’s mouths and passing their hands all over their bodies, fondling their tits and asses as they strip naked and have hot lesbian sex! The hot girls get into a 69, eating each other out, drinking the sweet juices that flow freely from their gushing cunts as the naked women rub and finger fuck together. The next day, her stepmom calls her over in the living room; she has a very special surprise for her! She called up her favorite male escort so they can share his delicious cock in a steamy threesome fuck! She knows this means keeping this dirty little secret from her daddy, but she loves her stepmom’s pussy and wants to taste the escort’s cock so bad, she agrees! The girls team up, sucking and stroking his delicious cock and licking his big balls, drenching them with their saliva, kissing each other and deep throating it. Her stepmom is the first one to strip totally naked while she continues eating the escort’s cock. She watches her straddle herself on top, pushing it inside her cunt, her delicious big tits bouncing up and down as she rides him in reverse cowgirl position and she massages her stepmom’s cunt. She plays with her big tits, groping and fondling them, squeezing them hard as she takes licks and sucks of her perky nipples. She kisses her stepmother’s lips, she can still taste the escort dick in them. She watches the escort spreading her legs wide open and fucking her in missionary position on the couch, sweat pouring down their naked bodies. She sits on her stepmom’s face so she can eat her out while she’s making out with the gigolo. She can’t wait for him to fuck her, putting her down on her hands and knees, burying that big hard cock it was inside her stepmom deep inside her cunt! She may not be her biological mother, yet they are so alike, both of them filthy cock craving, cum loving fuck sluts!   Every scene is a trilogy of mature mommys trying to mate with their daughters much younger counterparts, not stopping until their every urge is satisfied. Get your big boy pants on and let these yummy mummys take you for a ride. Only at BADMILFS!