This sexy Latina blonde got herself a personal trainer and they just love working out together. He likes watching her sexy bubble butt and her big tits bouncing up and down as he trains her and she loves watching the big throbbing bulge under his pants when he gets so hard watching her. You can cut the sexual tension with a knife and while he makes her balance herself on a big blue yoga ball she just can’t resist reaching over and undoing his pants so she can take a better look at that massive erection. She gets down on her knees, sucking and stroking it hard, telling him she wishes to become her model. He holds her by her ponytail as he fucks her mouth with his big sausage, ramming it down her throat, stretching out those facial muscles and working out her gag reflex. The fact that she’s sucking his Dick doesn’t mean they’re going to stop exercising! It’s all part of the workout, baby! She spits on his cock and spreads her saliva all over his shaft and balls with her hands, taking of her tank top so he can enjoy her big tits while caressing his hot, muscular, naked body dripping with sweat, so sexy! She sits on the yoga ball and he pushes his huge cock back inside her mouth while reaching over and groping her big bubble butt over her sexy shorts. She massages his cock between her big tits and he strips her totally naked, placing her over the yoga ball, lying on her belly, spreading out her meaty butt cheeks so he can lick her tight asshole and her gushing slit. She shoves his big throbbing erection deep inside her snatch, banging her doggie style from behind and top of the yoga ball. The sexy Latina moves to the yoga mat, down on her hands and knees, pushing her juicy bubble butt back up against her trainer’s hard cock, begging him to keep fucking her hard so she can burn out more calories. He lies flat on his back and she straddled herself on top, her big tits bouncing up and down as she rides his cock in reverse cowgirl position and she gets a creamy protein shake as her trainer blows his load in her mouth! 