Being all alone in her dorm room, this sexy brunette babe decides it’s the perfect time to try on her new remote controlled vibrating toy. It’s like a vibrating butterfly on a thing and as soon as she puts it on, she turns it on, letting that motherfucker rip and make her pussy roar! The toy is vibrating right on her clit, sending spasms of pure lust and pleasure up and down her body as she squirms on her back and touches herself. Right in that moment, her roommate comes into the dorm room, forcing her to stop, covering herself with a blanket and pretending to be studying. She notices the sex toy’s remote on the floor, wondering what it’s for, she starts fidgeting with the buttons, masturbating her roommate in the process! When she realizes what’s going on, she finds this to be the perfect occasion to share some of her experience and knowledge on the area of self pleasuring and sex toys. The girls start taking off their clothes, as the hot babe cups her roommate’s big tits in her hands and sucks on her puffy nipples. She feels her hands all over her hair and her naked body as she slides down, spreading her legs wide open and eating her out. The naughty teen slut rubs and fingers her roommate’s delicious pussy, slurping her snatch and tasting those sweet juices flowing from her slit. Her roommate puts her down on her hands and knees, vigorously finger fucking her pussy while spreading her ass cheeks and sinking her pink tongue into her tight asshole, stretching it out as she tosses her salad. The naughty teen slut has never had her asshole stimulated in such a way, cumming hard as her naked roommate masturbates her with her expert fingers. She wiggles her ass for her, she loves the way her lesbian roommate is eating out her asshole and doesn’t want her to stop, like ever. The naked girl climbs on top of her, sitting on her face so she can eat her out. She gets to play with her pussy to, licking it, kissing it, rubbing and massaging it with her fingers. The naked girls make each other cum over and over, touching each other’s big tits while scissoring in the bed. Having hot lesbian sex with her roommate is much more fun than playing with her vibrator! 