I love my girlfriend Alice because she loves to share me with all of her cock craving friends! My girlfriend’s best friend stayed over last night after an argument with her boyfriend so she slept with my girlfriend and I slept on the living room couch. In the morning, I went to the bedroom to check on her and she was looking hot as fuck in a sexy white see through lingerie baby doll that stuck to her body, with one of her big tits sticking out of it. Damn! Her friend came out of the bathroom, wearing a super sexy black lace lingerie outfit and jumped in bed with my girl and just started sucking on her nipples! Man, she was definitely in a much better mood since last night and I wondered what these naughty girls had been doing all night long in the same bed together. That’s okay, I didn’t have to wonder much, they were ready to show me! Her friend pulled my girl’s lingerie bottom aside and began licking her wet slit while giving me dirty looks. I watched with pleasure as another girl licked my girlfreind’s sweet pussy lips. My girl got down on her hands and knees, wiggling her juicy bubble butt as I slapped it, rubbing and fingering her pussy while she ate her friend out. I was instantly hard as a rock because both of these beauties wanted my cock! I presented my erection to the girls. They grabbed it and began to suck and strok my big throbbing cock together, kissing and making out while they gave me head. While my girl suck my dick, her friend caressed her hot naked body, grabbing her tits and ass, so fucking hot. The hot girls took turns passing my cock back and forth and I had a hard time not blowing my load on the spot! I was getting more and more excited to pound both of their pussies. I looked down, two tongues were licking my dick on both sides of it. The girls were kissing each other with the head of my cock in their mouths. I never thought about having a threesome with my girlfriend, and it was HOT! Then her friend stood up and squatted over my lap, with her delicious bubble butt facing my way. My girl grabbed her big juicy buttocks, spread them as her friend pushed my hard cock deep inside her pussy and started riding me in reverse cowgirl. She was moving up and down, grinding herself against me with my girl grabbing her ass and pushing it up and down my shaft. Her friend has a very nice ass, plus, her cunt was so fucking tight. While she rode me I could tell my girlfriend was super turned on, given us dirty looks, kissing and licking her friend’s body. Then she took her place, straddling herself on top, riding me in cowgirl position with her friend played with her, fondling her tits, sucking on her nipples, kissing her, swapping tongue while I watched them. Her friend rubbed my girl’s pussy, making her cum hard while on top of my cock. She kept doing it and my girl was squirming on my lap, she looked so fucking sexy and hot, they both did.   I grabbed her friend and I pulled her to the edge of the bed, spread legged and on her back, pounding her wet muff in missionary position. She was moaning and pulling me to her body. It was so hot knowing my girlfriend was watching me please another girl, pounding into her cunt and enjoying this new pussy. My girl spread her legs, rubbed her wet clit, massaged my balls, making me pound her freind harder and harder. Two naked girls kept sucking my dick together, licking their pussies and riding my dick and face together. I was feeling all that cum boiling in my balls and just waiting to explode as I continued banging both of them, finally spraying my hot and creamy cum all over their faces and their beautiful naked bodies and then watching these hot sluts licking it off each other. My girlfriend’s friend can stay with us as long as she likes!