Hot stepmom sucks and fucks her stepson’s cock after catching him masturbating! This beautiful blonde cougar comes back home and while she works up the stairs to her bedroom she passes by her stepson’s room and can’t help noticing that the door has been left slightly open. When she takes a look inside she sees him lying on his bed and masturbating himself while watching porn on her smart phone. The view of his big throbbing erection totally turns her on. She had no idea that her stepson was so gifted and well hung. His dick is much bigger, harder and thicker than his father’s and that turns her on so much. Standing by the door, she lifts her skirts, removes her soaked cotton panties, spreads her legs wide open and begins masturbating herself while watching him. Getting off while he jerks off. She unbuttons her blouse and pulls her big tits over her bra so she can fondle and massaged them, stimulating her perky nipples with her fingertips while watching her stepson masturbating himself. But pleasuring herself is not enough so she walks towards him and straddles herself on his lap and he just can’t believe what’s happening as his hot cougar stepmom starts sucking and stroking his cock. After giving him an amazing blowjob she spreads her legs wide open and locks them around his neck pushing his face against her pussy so he can eat her out. She loves the fact that he is inexperienced, he will be an expert lover after she’s done with him. She watches them jerking his cock while tongue fucking her snatch and then she straddles herself on top, her big tits bouncing up and down as she rides her own stepson’s big hard cock in reverse cowgirl position. She rubs her muff while feeling how that huge cock fills her up, such a difference compared to his father’s tiny Dick! He grabs her big tits and squeezes them and she lies flat on her back, spreading her legs wide open so her husband’s son can fuck her in missionary position and turn her into his whore. He even does the Superman pose while on top of her and continues fucking her very hard as she rubs her muff and urges him to blow his load, cumming all over his stepmom’s big tits and her slutty face! 