I was helping my friend set up a party for her boyfriend and ended up fucking her! My best friend is a spunky, petite blonde girl and since I’m so much taller than her, she’s always asking me for help, like in this occasion, giving her a hand setting up a party for her boyfriend. He’s such a lucky motherfucker! He gets to bang my friend whenever he wants! While she was blowing some balloons, she started joking around, wondering if they were as big as my dick! She wanted proof, so I pulled down my pants and whipped out my cock, which was already fully erect and throbbing hard! Her jaw dropped to the floor as she got on her knees and took it in her tiny soft hands. “This thing is huge!” she said, while licking and sucking it. She wondered if it might actually break her and I knew she was talking about her pussy! I asked if we were really going to take it that far. “Why not?” she said, still sucking and stroking my dick! Hell, yeah! She kept telling me how much bigger and harder than her boyfriend’s it was as she deep throated it, and I pushed her head against my crotch, making her choke and gag on it. Amazingly, this tiny little bitch managed to swallow my cock whole, all the way down to the balls! I was impressed! She popped my balls in her mouth, sucking them hard and soaking them in her drool. I fucked her mouth, ramming my cock down her throat and with my dick drenched in her saliva. Then she spread her ass cheeks with her hands and told me push my cock deep inside that delicious tight muff, stretch it out and fuck her hard. The head of my cock touched her tender, soft pussy; it was amazing. “Oh that’s it, just there,” she moaned as I started pumping my cock in and out of her tight pussy, she tried to meet my thrusts loving the feeling of my hot hard cock sliding in and out of her vagina. She told me to do it harder and faster. I spent her juicy bubble butt while plowing her, watching her gasping for breath as she tried her best to fit all that dick inside her tight muff. She straddled herself on top, pulled her pink panties aside and rode me in reverse cowgirl position. I put her in a Full Sex Nelson that made her scream at the top of her lungs. Then she wanted me to pound her with pinning her shoulders to the floor and pile drive. I don’t think there are words that could describe the feeling as my cock slipped between her pussy lips. I could see her clit poking out between her beautiful, pink and wet pussy lips. I kept fucking her harder and harder, pounding deep into her vagina and finaly I blew my hot cum all over her ptetty face! I guess helping my friend out with her boyfriend’s party really workout for me at the end, LOL! 