My girlfriend is a beautiful blonde I have a hard time telling her “No”, so when she told me that her best friend broke up with her boyfriend so she was going to stay overnight with us, I went along with it. The only problem is, I was getting frisky, and my girlfriend would have none of it, worrying that her bestie might see us. Well that’s a bummer! I kept insisting, lifting up her pink miniskirt and grabbing that juicy bubble butt of hers in a sexy black thong behind the kitchen counter and she started getting more and more turned on and open to my approaches. Honestly, I think doing it in front of her best friend was getting her as turned on as it was getting me and it made me wonder if her friend might be open to join us… After all, nothing is better when you are on the rebound than having a hot threesome fuck with your best friend and her boyfriend, right? I couldn’t believe my eyes when I saw the scene that followed, my girlfriend approached the dinner table where her best friend was seated and “accidentally” dropped a fork on the floor, crawling under the table to grab it, but instead, getting between her best friend’s legs! Her friend was a bit taken back at first, but it didn’t take her long to warm up, spreading her legs wide open so my girlfriend could eat her out while she fondles her tits over her sexy black dress. I came over and of course my Dick was already as hard as a motherfucking rock, and her best friend invited me to reach over and fondle her small yet firm beautiful breasts over her dress while she unzipped my pants and checked out my package! She was in awe, staring at it, mouth wide open, softly caressing it with her lovely hands and feeling it get even bigger and harder as she played with it. My cock was obviously so much bigger than her ex boyfriend’s! My girl asked if she wanted to taste it. “Yeeees!!!” She replied, barely able to contain the eagerness as she took it to her lips and began licking and sucking on it like crazy with my girl pulling her titties over her black dress and sucking on her perky nipples. After the naked girls both sucked my cock I spread her legs wide open, she was already gushing as I fucked her hard in missionary position with my girl sitting on her face, getting her tight pussy eaten out by her best friend as we engaged in a steamy threesome fuck. My girlfriend wrote on my cock while her best friend sat on my face and I tongue fuck her, making her ride up and down on my dick and blowing my creamy load all over their beautiful faces. That’s how you get over your ex! 