I have been feeling pretty down lately after I had a neck injury, but my spirits were lifted when the girls decided to come and cheer me up in a really unique way! The three bombshells came over my house bringing me flowers, wearing sexy pink shorts and translucent tops that allowed me to admire their beautiful breasts! Damn, that’s why I love these girls! The teens got in bed, lifting their tops and letting me grope and fondle those delicious titties, sucking on their puffy nipples while they rubbed and massaged my bulging erection over my pants. The girls knew I needed lots of tender love and care, so they slipped off my pants, taking my big hard cock in their hands, stroking and sucking it together. While two of them tended to my cock, the other took care of getting this encounter filmed on camera, so we could watch it later and have fun reminiscing! Thankfully, it did not take her long to come and join her friends so I could get a triple blowjob and handjob combo, drenching my cock and my balls with their warm saliva as the sluts licked, sucked, kissed and pampered my genitals! My beautiful Ebony friend was the first one to sit on my lap, pushing my hard cock deep inside that pink tight muff and riding me in cowgirl position, making sure I didn’t stress my neck while we fucked. I love the way she grinds her ass against my crotch while fucking me this way, making her delicious dark mocha titties bounce up and down as she takes my Dick all the way in, cheered on by her beautiful friends. The next girl took her place, a sexy almond haired doll, riding on my Dick while kissing her black friend’s wet lips. Nothing gets your Dick as hard as watching two beautiful girls having hot lesbian action while fucking with you at the same time. The black girl rubbed her friend’s wet muff while I filled her with dick meat, then all three lied down on their bellies, one on top of the other, offering me three wet and juicy pussies piled up for me to fuck at my leisure! I love banging these beautiful girls when they are down on their hands and knees, pumping their tight pussies from behind doggie style, watching them looking over their shoulders and having hot lesbian sex with each other. The three young naked girls kept feasting on their big tits and her puffy nipples, while I put one of the girls on her back, spread legged and pounding her tight muff in missionary position while she got her entire naked body fondled and caressed by her two beautiful friends. The girls continue taking turns riding on my cock and making out with each other until I was ready to cum, blowing my creamy load all over their beautiful faces and their big tits! 