My stepmom has a little problem, she’s a fucking nymphomaniac! Whenever she is feeling horny, she puts on her sexy blue skin tight dress and hits the park to find a new victim. Once she’s there, she starts flashing her juicy bubble butt and her big tits to every guy that passes by, just waiting for the right want to bring back home. Since my dad is not around, it’s up to me to follow her I make sure she doesn’t get into any trouble. No wonder he asked me to keep an eye on her while he was away on a business trip! I tried to stop her but she just keeps exposing herself to random strangers and even couples. She spots this quiet brunette girl reading a book and sits by her side, shamelessly hitting on her! Dick or pussy, man, it’s all the same to this whore! She’s even dragging me into this, putting me in the wingman role and to my utter surprise, the sexy girl bites the bait and agrees to come back home with us for a threesome! They sit on the backseat, where my stepmom shows the new girl her big tits, letting her cupped them in her hands and stimulate her perky nipples with her elegantly manicured fingers! As surreal as this whole experience was, I was getting a raging hard on! They spread their legs side-by-side and masturbate each other and as soon as we get back to our place, they both strip naked and start eating each other out on the couch. The brunette has her legs spread wide open as my stepmom tongue fucks her pink clam, rubbing her snatch with her fingers and finger fucking her. Then they come my way, grabbing my big throbbing cock in their hands, sucking and stroking it together. They deep throat it, drenching my shaft and my balls with their warm saliva, then my stepmom spreads her legs wide open and tells me to fuck her! Can you believe that? I find myself ramming my hard cock deep inside her cunt, pounding her hard while the brunette massages her big tits and makes out with her. I’m fucking my father’s wife and I’m loving it! They kiss while I’m fucking her and the brunette licks her snatch and my cock as I lie flat on my back, letting my stepmom straddle herself on top, her big tits bouncing up and down while she’s riding me in cowgirl position. The brunette tells me she wants me to fuck her to, just like him fucking my stepmom. She gets in missionary position and welcomes my big hard cock inside her gushing cunt. I take turns fucking them both, finally blowing my creamy load all over my stepmom’s big tits and watching the sexy brunette slut licking all that cum and sharing it with her!   This MILFs porn site is a place of wisdom and experience, after all, these sexy mature stepmothers have learned a lot from years of fucking and now they want to share their sexual wisdom with their sexy teen stepdaughters and their hot boyfriends! This is a place of lust and wild sex, as the hot naked women seduce these young and innocent teen girls in search of new experiences, taking part of the hottest and wildest threesome sex parties with their boyfriends! These hot MILFs and their stepdaughters just love sucking cock and getting their holes fucked very hard!