When this hot brunette cougar sees her beautiful stepdaughter about to go out with her boyfriend wearing the exact same blue dress as her, she throws a fit! She lets her stepdaughter know that there’s no way she’s going out dressed like her! Matter of fact, she’s more than willing to help her change! The boyfriend can’t believe what he’s witnessing, as stepmom and stepdaughter almost get into a fight as the girls try to take off each other’s dresses, practically stripping down to their sexy lace lingerie in the process! With her tits dangling over her bra, the brunette cougar finally overpowers her stepdaughter, pinning her to the floor and letting her know who is in charge of the house by pressing her hot body against hers and pushing her wet tongue into her stepdaughter’s mouth! Seeing how hard the boyfriend’s cock is getting under his pants while he’s watching them, the girls invite him to join them, stripping naked in the living room for a hot stepmom on stepdaughter on boyfriend threesome fuck! After all, this is the way you settle an argument in this house! The woman stand naked, sandwiched between her teen girl and her boyfriend who are down on their knees, with her eating her muff and the boyfriend devouring her ass! This MILF loves the double stimulation from those delicious tongues, and the naked girls turn to the boyfriend, sucking and stroking his big delicious erection together. The mom gets turned on watching her young step daughter sucking hard on that beautiful cock and she sucks it too, swallowing it all the way down to the base, slightly choking on it as her lips collide with his big balls, wishing she could swallow them too. That’s okay, her lovely stepdaughter is there to do so, sucking them hard while she takes care of his big rod. She makes her stepdaughter lie on her back and spread her legs wide open. While her boyfriend penetrates her and fucks her tight pussy in missionary position, she releases delicious saliva into her open mouth, slapping her tits as she sits on her face so her stepdaughter can eat her out, tongue fucking her tight pussy with that sexy little tongue. She rubs her pussy and kisses her boyfriend’s lips, feeling her stepdaughter’s tongue wriggling inside her gushing slit as her boyfriend makes her orgasm with that big hard cock. The hot naked woman takes her place, kissing her stepdaughter while she sits on her face and now makes her lick her cunt, her boyfriend ramming his big dick deep inside her mature cunt. It’s so much bigger than her girl’s father’s! Then two naked women get into a 69 while being fucked by the boyfriend, she almost wishes her father could walk in on them right now and see the way his daughter licks the hot cum from her big tits after getting their faces blasted with his daughter’s boyfriend’s creamy cum! 