This sexy brunette slut with the pink rimmed glasses enjoys showing off her tight body in a skimpy tank top and shorts, shaking her tits and her big bubbly butt. Her ass is so fucking sexy. She knows fidget spinners are all the hype right now and she’s a trendy girl, so she got herself a colorful fidget spinner butt plug that fits snugly in her deliciously tight asshole! Finally a good use for those spinner things! She shows off her juicy bubble butt while making her fidget spinner spin, grabbing a bottle of baby oil and pouring it all over her delicious ass. Her adorable personality, olive skin and luscious curves are all to die for! She has the best facial expressions, too. The slick oil drips down the crack of her ass, lubing up her asshole and pussy as her stud arrives, putting his slut down on her hands and knees, ramming his big throbbing erection deep inside her oiled up pussy and plowing her hard doggie style from behind. He holds her by her neck and pulls her back towards his body, talking dirty to her while removing the butt plug from inside her, stretching out her asshole in the process, then pushing it back inside her anal funnel. He extracts the pretty big butt plug from her butthole once again, and inserts it in her mouth, so she can taste her own asshole while he drips baby oil all over his dick and plunges it into her gaping asshole, anal fucking her from behind. He inserts the oil bottle straight up her asshole and squeezes it, flooding her anal tunnel with lots of creamy oil and her ass begins to squirt! Anal squirting is so hot! This hot teen takes cock in her ass like a fucking champ and she is unable to stop her ass squirting! He keeps pouring baby oil all over their hot naked bodies as they fuck and his cock alternates between her cunt and her ass.   The vicious slut straddles herself on top of his cock and impales her ass on it in reverse cowgirl position, spreading her legs wide open and getting her slippery snatch rubbed, anal squirting all the time. Her pussy lips are soaked in oil and spread wide open, she looks like such a filthy whore. He puts this young bitch on her back, spread legged, anal fucking her in the nastiest positions. Her asshole is spewing lube uncontrollably in massive squirts with each powerful thrust of his cock deep into her ass. The crazy slut is squirting more and more oil all over his face and her tits, her belly and legs. Her body begins to tremble uncontrollably. He squirts more oil into her asshole and pounds it some more doggie style from behind while she’s down on all fours. His hand grabs her head holding her by the hair as he fucks her hardcore. The bitch can only moan and scream as she feels his hard dick destroys her anus. He keeps butt fucking her before smearing all his cum on her slutty face and her oiled up body. The naked girl is in a puddle of cum, the stuff is shot in thick streams over her body, as well as his spit. She smiles, she is satisfied!