My girl and I are sitting on the balcony, shooting the breeze and she’s showing me this sexy outfit she plans to use tonight while hitting the club with her girlfriends. It’s a sexy see-through leotard and she enjoys showing it off to me and whoever happens to pass by and look over to the balcony, LOL!  I can’t wait to pull down her top and fondle her big tits! We are both getting pretty turned on so I take her inside to the bathroom, where I get to play with her big tits and feel her puffy nipples getting nice and hard as she drops to her knees, taking my big throbbing erection in her hands and popping it inside her wet mouth, sucking and stroking it. My baby girl has beautiful big blue eyes that I absolutely love to stare into when she’s got my big cock deep down her throat! She sucks on my balls, soaking them with her warm saliva while jerking my shaft. After getting my cock all nice and hard I lie flat on my back on the floor as my beautiful girls straddles herself on top, sitting on my lap, taking my dick in her soft hands and guiding it inside her dripping wet pussy so she can ride me in cowgirl position, moaning and grunting softly. I pound her tight pussy and make her huge tits bounce with pleasure! After fucking in this position for a while, she gets down on her hands and knees, wiggling that beautiful big bubble shaped ass while I jam my cock back inside her tight cunt, fucking my girl doggie style from behind. She grabs my cock in her hands and continues sucking on it, tasting her own pussy on my dick really turns her on. She locks her beautiful blue eyes with mine as she deep throats my Dick, all the way down to the base. I can see the thick ropes of drool dripping down the sides of her lips and down my balls as she takes my cock as deep down her throat as she possible can. Then she gets on her back, spreading her legs wide open, with a big smile on her face, rubbing her pussy while I pound her hard in missionary position. I can stare all day into my girl’s beautiful blue eyes after blowing my hot and creamy cum all over her face and big tits! 