My new wife found me cumming in her daughter’s mouth after banging her! All alone in her bedroom, my sexy brunette stepdaughter had her skirt hiked up, spread legged as she fondled her titties and rubbed her pussy, masturbating herself, yet totally frustrated, unable to orgasm. On the other hand, in the bedroom at the end of the hall, I was having the time of my life, jerking off while watching some hard-core porn on my new wife’s big ass plasma TV! Matter of fact, I had that shit up so loud, my curious stepdaughter came in, catching me totally naked and stroking my big throbbing erection! Turns out she came in because she heard all the noise from the porn and actually thought I was cheating on her mom! I told her I would never cheat on her mom and that I thought nobody was home and then it dawned on me that she wasn’t even paying attention to what I was saying, her eyes were locked on the tent my hard cock was pitching under the sheets I used to cover myself up with! She was still feeling fucking horny since she couldn’t get herself off, and wondered that perhaps my big dick could do the trick! She got down on her knees and pulled the sheets apart, and sure enough, my cock was still raging hard as a fucking rock and ready to go! This is what a real man’s cock looks like. I was so turned on by the porn I had been watching, I couldn’t muster up the intestinal fortitude to make her stop, as she took my big dick in her hands and began sucking and stroking my member. She looked so damn sexy trying to deep throat it, passing her wet lips and her slippery tongue all over my shaft and my balls, soaking them with her warm saliva. I stripped that bitch naked, straddled her on top of my lap and rammed my hard cock deep inside her gushing cunt, pounding her hard in reverse cowgirl position on the same bed where I fuck her mom! She screamed as she felt she was being ripped apart. Her pussy was so tight but I pushed my cock deep into her belly. Her cute ass jerked and shook as I forced my huge cock deep into her, my balls were slapping her clit as I pounded into her again and again. I was fucking the hell out of her little pussy. Obviously she was now stretched out enough to take that monster cock at full speed and was loving it. She even got a call from her while impaled on my cock! Priceless! She told her I wasn’t cheating on her while I was banging her brains out! Unfortunately, my wife didn’t buy it, and a couple of minutes later she came through the door right as I was cumming in her daughter’s mouth! I couldn’t stop summing and shot load after load deep into her throat. “OHhhhhhhhhhhhh!” the slut moaned. Her mother was looking at us and crying. Don’t miss more sneaky sex type videos! 