After going through many messy male roommates, I finally decided to give a female roommate the chance after meeting beautiful Monica. Yes, she is a drop dead gorgeous brunette babe with a smoking hot body but she just so happens to be the worst roommate ever when it comes to cleaning up. Man, she’s even messier than my previous male roommates all put together! Thing is, she got my number since the first time we met and there’s nothing I can do about it. I go to her bedroom and chastise her about how messy she is, even pointing to her dirty shirt and what does she do? She takes it off, showing me those big beautiful tits as she sits on her bed in just her skimpy thing, making my dick as hard as a rock! Monica is the worst roommate ever when it comes to cleaning up, but she definitely knows how to make it up to her roomie: by taking off her top to show off her perky brown titties, then talking dirty in Spanish while he spanks her juicy booty! She likes turning me on, and she gets down on her hands and knees, wiggling that juicy bubble butt for me t get even harder, her thong digging into the crack of her ass. It always works! I totally forget about the mess she makes as I grab her ass and slap it hard. Monica has me wrapped around her finger and I love it! She’s a sexy Latina bitch and she starts talking dirty in Spanish, man, how that shit turns me on! “Dame mas duro, papi!” she begs as I pull down her thing, peeling it down her juicy bubble butt and sexy thighs. I spread her ass cheeks with my hands, admiring her sexy asshole, smack in the middle of her ass crack, grabbing her neck while I rub her gushing pussy. She grabs my big hard cock in her hands, sucking and stroking it and straddling herself on top so she can ride me while I play with her titties. She likes it when I slapped them hard, rubbing her cunt while she bounces up and down my rod. I put her on her back, grabbing her neck as I rub my dick over her slit and push it inside her, fucking her hard in missionary position and she pushes her bubble butt back up against my dick doggie style from behind until I ready to blow my load! She may be messier than my previous roomies, but hey, at least I get to fuck her! 