With her incredible smile and beautiful long hair, it was hard not to notice this sexy babe walking down the street. The moment I met this sexy brunette slut on the street I knew I wanted to make a public sex tape with her, the only problem was, this slut was playing hard to get at first, but once she got a look at my stack of cash and huge cock, she was ready to make a public sex tape with me! First, she pulled up her top and gave me a glimpse of her fabulous big tits. Man, I didn’t think they would be so big at first, what a nice surprise! She let me cup a feel and her nipples were already getting nice and hard for me. We went to a deserted area of this truck lot, where I offered her some extra cash if she was willing to suck my dick. She agreed and got down on her knees, totally mesmerized by the view of my huge cock throbbing in full erection, ready for this dirty little fuck slut to suck and stroke as we got our dogging tape going. She was so crazy and soo fucking sexy!! We were just getting to the good part when somebody saw us and we had to make a run for it! The adrenaline of almost getting caught put this bitch into overdrive, and she was ready to get fucked hard by my big dick! I could see the eager anticipation on her face as I lied down on an old tarp and she squatted over my dick. She rubbed the big head of my dick up and down on her clit before pushing my cock into my cunt, impaling her gushing cunt on my dick and riding me in cowgirl position, looking around to make sure we didn’t get caught again. She was moving up and down, rubbing her pussy back and forth along my pubis. My body was soaked in her dripping pussy as she came again and agian.  Having sex with unknown person turned this bitch on! She grabbed my hard cock in her hands and sucked it, stroking my shaft while licking and sucking my balls with a slutty expression on her face. She got back on top and kept riding, pulling her top up so I could check out her tits under her bra and pulling them over it so they bounce about freely as she rode me. She turned over, wiggling her juicy bubble butt as I rubbed my dick between her tender pink pussy lips and popped it back in her for some reverse cowgirl fucking. This slut was bouncing up and down on my cock, her bubble ass exposed. She rubbed her muff as I fucked her from behind, both of us standing, with her leaning against a wooden beam and finally swallowing all my spunk!  