That is the best massage I’ve ever seen! This sexy blonde masseuse has always been a total professional when it comes to her job, that is until she recognizes her latest client as one of her favorite porn stars. Yeah, that guy with a huge 11 inch cock that likes to put the girls he’s fucking in the dirtiest positions as he cums all over them. As he lies on the massage table she pulls her tight white tank top over her big tits and plays with them, pulling her skimpy shorts down so she can spread her delicious ass cheeks and expose the crack of her ass, her tight asshole and her already dripping wet slit to him. OMG!!!! she is so fucking hooootttt! She has an elegant body which should be admired and a cute face which brings outs her beauty. This blonde is porn perfection, an absolutely dream babe! The naked girl drips baby oil all over her jugs and gets them slippery and slick, oiling up her hot ass and naked body so she can give him a sensual body to body erotic massage that is sure to get his cock as hard as a rock. She moans softly while rubbing her oiled up body against his, all those steamy hard-core sex scenes she’s seen him in running through her dirty mind. She caresses his lower back and his ass with her soft fingers and by the time she tells him to roll over, he has a huge throbbing erection. She wraps her big tits around it, massaging his hard cock with them, making him fuck her boobs. The slut pops his dick in her wet mouth, sucking and stroking it, it tastes delicious! The tastiest dick she has ever sucked in her life! “nail me with that big fucking cock of yours!” She spits all over it, she’s going to give him a courtesy happy ending today! They are both dripping with sweat and massage oil as she straddles herself on top, sitting on his lap and pushing his big hard cock deep inside her gushing pussy, her big tits bouncing up and down as she rides him in cowgirl position on the massage table. She has a big butt, bit tits, she has a marvelous face, she rides really good… She is an absolute goddess, is that how heaven looks like? All his 11 inches are in her and she loves it! All her previues orgasms are nothing, compared to what happens when his 11 inches are buried in her pussy.   The blonde erupts, every nerve in her body screaming in pleasure, liquid flowing out of her, running down between her perfect ass cheeks, her clit like an electric connection to her brain. She slaps her tits for him, splashing oil all over the place. He makes her lie on her back on the massage table and feeds her his cock, fucking her mouth, ramming it down her throat. Her pussy quivers from pleasure, squirting, coating his face in her juices. He drives his tongue into her, then sucks her clitoris and her ass. He rubs her wet muff and eats out her tender asshole. This sexy babe wants more and more. Her pussy is pleading him to fuck her harder and deeper and not to stop. He’s fucking her pussy in missionary position while she runs her clit and begs him to fuck her like a slut and cum all over her tits! She is so hot it’s unbelievable! Nicolette’s definitely the new Brazzers Queen, so much passion and energy in her scenes.