I love my new Latina maid, she’s a spunky pint sized brunette babe and she came over to clean up my pad. Man, she was so small, I could lift her up and help her reach every nook and cranny in my crib! We were actually having a good time, but work his work, however, when this babe came looking for a paycheck, she got a different kind of job on her mind after seeing my huge cock! She was amazed at how big it was. How did she miss something so big during her cleaning? Doesn’t matter, to show how efficient a cleaning lady she is, she got down on her knees, took my hard cock in her hands and gave it a spit shine, sucking and stroking it while polishing my balls with her delicious wet tongue. She pumped me faster and faster with her soft hands while running her tongue all over the head, kssing my huge cock. These tiny girls love my cock so much! She stripped naked and sat on a small couch as I rammed my cock down her throat and fucked her mouth, holding her head still with my hands. Thick ropes of saliva dripped down the sides of her lips as she took it all in like a pro. After blowing me, I put the sexy Latina cleaning lady down on her hands and knees, admiring her delicious Brown bubble butt as I jammed my hard sausage deep inside her gushing cunt. She roared aloud when my throbbing hard cock slid into her little pussy. I held her tightly to my body, my cock was so deep into her, I could feel her vagina contracting around my hard cock. Her hot pussy gripped and squeezed me as it thrust deeper into her. I was pounding that meaty pink pussy burger doggie style from behind. What a nice booty! What a tight pussy! She took it like a seasoned expert, telling me to sit on the couch as she squatted on top of me, her feet firmly planted over my knees, pushing my big juicy dick back inside her little cunt and riding me in reverse cowgirl position. I wanted to try something new with this patite bitch, a modified version of my famous full sex Nelson, pinning her underneath her knees but grabbing her arms just above the elbows, giving her a hardcore pounding unlike any other this Latina whore had ever received in her life! Then I locked it behind the small of her neck, slamming her hard and pinning her shoulders to the floor, spreading her legs wide open and fucking her hard in a piledriver position. I even did the plank over her! At the end this babe wanted me to cum in her mouth! She was going absolutely wild as she felt the hot semen exploding into her mouth. It was making her choke and swallow a large mouthful but she kept trying to push my massive cock further into her mouth. I felt she would drown if she had to swallow any more of my sperm. Finally she began to calm down. The hot teen told me she would return next week to clean the crib and tomorrow for another hot fuck! 