I bought myself one of those new virtual reality headsets and I couldn’t wait to try it with some hard-core virtual porn while stroking my hard cock in my bedroom. Since the headset covered my view, I didn’t see my hot blonde cougar stepmom passing by and noticing me playing with my joystick. It looks like she wanted to play too! She sneaked into the bedroom, closing the door behind her and stripping down to her sexy white lace lingerie in front of me while I continued jerking my hard cock to the awesome virtual porn I was watching not knowing she was there looking at me and enjoying herself. When I felt a couple of soft hands running through my balls and my hard cock, I took up the virtual reality goggles and saw my beautiful stepmom totally naked and with a big naughty smile on her face while playing with my throbbing erection! She has a perfect body, big tits and amazing ass! She is honestly one of the most beautiful women I have ever seen. Man, her hands and her mouth was much better than any virtual reality you can sell me! I leaned back as my hot stepmother gave me head, feeling her slick tongue licking my balls in my shaft, making me so fucking hard! She spit all over my dick, spreading it with her hands while jerking me off and after giving me the most amazing blowjob ever. Then fully naked she straddled herself on top of me, guiding my big fat cock into her gushing pussy and riding me in cowgirl position, pushing those awesome big bubble tits against my face so I could suck on her perky nipples. I grabbed her delicious round ass with my hands, munching on her tits while fucking her tight cunt harder and faster. I cupped her boobs in my hands as she bounced up and down my lap, confessing how much bigger and harder my cock was than my dad’s, on how much better a lover I was than him. Honestly, that shit turns me on big time! Soon she was screaming and slamming herself down on my dick. Fantastic. As her massive tits flailed against my face, I occasionally looked down to see her wet cunt churning frantically up and down on my dick. She pressed her clitoris down directly on my pubic bone, and continued her rocking until her orgasm began. My horny naked stepmom flipped over, showing me that big round butt while squatting back on top of my cock and riding me in reverse cowgirl position. “Oh, yes! Yes! Yes! this the best sex I’ve ever had! Yes! Ungh!” I started giving her up-thrusts to meet her strokes. That sent this MILF over the edge, she couldn’t stop cumming. We switched positions: she lay down and I straddled her beautiful body. She raised her head to look down as my young cock pounded her meaty cunt. I fucked her sideways on the edge of my bed and in doggy style from behind until I was ready to cum, blowing my creamy load all over my stepmother’s big tits and face! “Oh, yes! Squirt your cum all over me, all over me…” 