This girl is so distracted talking on her phone that she walks into her step sister’s bedroom without announcing herself and finds her half naked and masturbating herself in her bed. Awkwardly, she excuses herself and leaves, but a couple of minutes later she finds herself returning to her bedroom so she can watch her as she’s still playing with her clit and she realizes how much this turns her on! She pushes her top over her tits, her nipples are already fully erect as she runs her hands down her body, touching herself in the same way her beautiful stepsister is shamelessly touching herself in her bed. She reaches under her shorts, feeling her pussy, it’s never been so wet before! Matter of fact, her cotton panties are drenched in her pussy juices! She finds herself taking her shorts and soaked panties off, spreading her legs wide open while standing by her stepsister’s bedroom door and masturbating herself, moaning so loud that her step sister hears her. Her fingerbanging and loud moans draw her stepsister’s attention, she comes to the door to check on what’s happening. At first, she doesn’t reveal to her that’s she’s masturbating while watching her masturbate, not until she starts moaning deliberately to get her sister to notice her. Her stepsister takes her hand and pushes her inside her bedroom with a big naughty smile on her face! She spreads her legs wide open and invites her step sister to eat her out. Yes, of course! She dives between her legs, spreading her tender pink pussy lips apart with her tongue as she devours her. Her stepsister’s pussy tastes like fucking heaven! She has never being with another girl before I would have never imagined that her first lesbian experience would be with her very own stepsister! What a fucking turn on! After eating her out they both strip naked, fondling their hot bodies, massaging their tits and asses, rubbing their tits together like dirty little sluts. Both girls are awesome! She sits on her stepsister’s face, burying her tongue deep inside her pussy, she can feel it wriggling inside her, making her feel so good, so full, so complete. I love seeing this kind of chemistry. The lesbian sex is top of the line, with real passion and intensity. There’s a lot of fairly unique stuff going on here, plenty of spit play; plenty of spit n tit play; some sweet tit slapping; and the back to back fapping session, especially with the wall between them, is one of the hottest foreplay scenes on the site. And mad props to rimming skills here, as the girl’s tongue probes deep and hungry in her sister’s luscious little asshole….marvelous rimming scene there. The naked sisters scissor each other, their hot wet cunts rubbing one against the other as she tribs her stepsister. She makes her get down on her hands and knees so she can lick her delicious asshole while masturbating her. Ever since, the sisters share the same bed and bedroom so they can masturbate together and have hot lesbian sex whenever they want to! Incredibly sexy scene! I like how it goes from both naked girls watching each other masturbate at a distance, to there being only a wall between them. Until both of them meet in their eye sight, and then they go into sex. It’s wonderful, and a really hot scene. So Simple, so brilliant, so delicious. Two of the most beautiful girls in the world! 