I saw my sexy next door neighbor coming back to her place in a hot outfit and I just couldn’t resist trailing behind her while filming her with my phone. Yes, I knew I should have stopped the moment she wants to her door, but I was just too horny, and so was she when she caught me recording her! She liked the fact that spying on her and looking at her hot body had gave me such a huge erection and she wanted to see what it looked like under my slacks. After all, if I got to see her half naked playing her bass guitar, it was just fair that she got to see me too. Then something I didn’t expect happened. She reached over, massaging my bulge over my pants, dropping to her knees so she could suck and stroke my big fat sausage. She told me she had seen me watching her several times and it got her really turned on, she was wondering when I would make my move and she was glad that I finally decided to since she couldn’t wait any longer to get a taste of my cock. She pulled her tits over her bra, showing me how hard her nipples were as she continued giving me head, drenching my cock and my balls in her warm saliva. She jerked my cock while sucking on my balls and once totally naked, she straddled herself on top of her dinner table, spreading her legs wide open and leaning back, fingering her clit as I rammed my hard cock deep inside her gushing cunt and began to fuck her in missionary position. Her pussy was so hot and her juices trickled down over her ass. I admired the sight of her smooth pussy, her tender pink pussy lips on both sides of my dick as I stuck it all the way inside her. The hot teen babe sucked on her fingers and rubbed them all over her wet slit, then made me lie flat on my back over the table as she squatted on top of me, pushing my hard cock deep inside her cunt and riding me in cowgirl position. She continued playing with herself while I fucked her, taking my hands and planted them on her big tits so I could squeeze them and feel her hard nipples between my fingertips. She flipped over and pushed my dick back in, her juicy bubble butt bouncing on my lap in reverse cowgirl. Sweat poured down her body as we fucked in her kitchen and I came all over her face! 