After partying until late last night, I got back home and slept on the living room couch. When my horny stepsister came in and saw me she decided to suck my dick! She stripped down to her sexy black lace lingerie and high heels, pulling down my shorts and exposing my big throbbing erection. She took it in her hands and began sucking and stroking it. Man, I woke up thinking I was having a wet dream, just to see my very own stepsister eating my cock! She was looking hot as hell and she had my dick as hard as a rock so it only makes sense that I would let her continue. I stood up and fed her my member, pulling her hair back as she devoured it. Man, she had me so fucking hard! I pushed my cock down her throat, feeling her choking and gagging as she deep throated it all the way down to the base. She massaged my balls with her fingertips while I fucked her mouth, jerking my rod as my dirty stepsister licked and sucked my ball sack. She touched herself as I continued mouth fucking her, removing her bra so I could take a good look at her nice firm tits. Boy, she was really into it. I sat down on the couch and spread my legs wide open and let her continue sucking my boner before putting her on her back, spread legged. My horny sis spread her wet pussy lips, and rubbed her finger along her clit, gently stroking it in small circles. I sank my shaft into her cunt and felt her tense up. For a second I thought she was going to stop me but it was just her way of allowing her pussy to adjust to my size. She was looking into my eyes and moaning loud now getting ready to have my dick all the way deep into her vagina. I was pounding my dick deep inside her gushing cunt, fucking my very own stepsister in missionary position on the living room couch. She rubbed her clit as I banged her, telling me to fuck her harder and deeper. I finger fucked her until I made her squirt and this just seem to turn her on even more. We kissed, swapping tongue as my hard cock plunged her squirting pussy and I made her cum several more times until the couch and living room floor were soaked with her pussy juices. She cups her big tits in her hands, stimulating her nipples with her fingertips, rubbing her wet snatch as we continued fucking on the couch. She had one orgasm after another like she never had before. She was moaning like a whore, as another wave of a powerful orgasm swept over her. I lied flat on my back on the living room floor with my legs straddled over the couch as she sat on my cock and rode me in cowgirl position, masturbating herself and spraying pussy juices all over my chest and my face every time she climaxed and squirted! I grabbed her big tits, squeezing them hard, groping them and slapping them and with each orgasm she just kept cumming harder and faster.   Then my naked step sister sat on my face, literally fucked my mouth with her pussy, softly bouncing her bubble ass on my face. With my nose in her bush, and my mouth sucking her clitoris, I felt her orgasms, suddenly her pussy contracted, squirting juice into my mouth. She turned over with her amazing ass in my face, I garbbed her big bubble buttocks and began to thrust my dick in and out of her dripping cunt. She was slamming herself down onto me. With her hand she even managed to caress my balls while move her ass up and down! My horny stepsis got on her back again, legs spread wide open, fondling her big tits while I fucked her in missionary and then in reverse cowgirl position, with her hot naked body pressed against my own. She wanted me to pound her pussy in all possible positions and do all the stuff she saw in her porn! She even wanted me to cum on her face! I blew my creamy load all over her cute face and her big tits and we kept fucking all day long!