This fine young man is new in college and this beautiful blonde coed is giving him a tour of college campus which ends at the door of her dorm where she welcomes him to campus life by pressing her hot body against his, kissing his lips, shoving her tongue inside his mouth and reaching for that big bulge between his legs! He had no idea college girls were so fast! She takes him inside and throws him in her bed while she strips totally naked and climbs on top of him. The college slut dances for him and also strips exposing her gorgeous ass. This hottie is going to take charge and give this boy an experience we won’t forget. With such bubble butt she can do amazing things! This sexy coed gets off on initiating college virgins like him, it’s such a turn on to play with their big hard cocks, sucking and stroking them and popping their cherries! She licks and sucks his shaft, drooling all over it and spreading it with her fingers while she jerks him off. She teases him with her drop dead gorgeous bubble shaped ass, bending over her bed and twerking for him. He looks like a little boy with a brand-new toy! She tells him strip naked for her and to lie flat on her bed so she can snatch his virginity, straddling herself on top, sitting on his lap, grabbing his meaty cock and pushing it inside her wet cunt. She rides him slowly in cowgirl position, feeling how that cock gets even bigger and harder inside her wet pussy. He places his hands on her hips, grabbing her big ass, spreading her butt cheeks wide open as she rides. The hot college girl decideds to let him to taste a pussy! The naked girl moves herself up so that she is knelt over his face, her pussy only an inch from his mouth. He can smell her, see how so very wet she is. Slowly lowering herself, this slut places her wet cunt to his mouth and begins to rub her pussy up and down all over his face, feeling his tongue touching her clit. She lies sideways, raising one of her legs so he can fuck her from behind. Her new boy has a nice Dick and she likes the way he’s fucking her, kissing him on the lips and getting her hot naked body caressed by him while she rubs her pussy. He pushes her to the edge of her bed, flat on her back, spreading her legs wide open and fucking her in missionary position. This sexy coed enjoys making him blow his load, feeling all that hot and sticky semen blasting all over her body, her tits, her face and her open mouth! If he behaves she might let him fuck her a couple more times before she moves on to the next college freshman in line! 