My girlfriend is so sexy, slim and beautiful that I can’t spend a single day without fucking her lovely pussy and cumming all over her pretty face! She knows how I feel, there’s not much I can do about it, I just see her getting dressed in the morning to go to work on my dick is already as hard as a fucking rock for her. I’m a big fan of sheer pantyhose and tight skirts and she looks amazing. She’s wearing a sexy pair of white lace panties, but seeing how hard my cock is, she knows it’s best for her to take them off and help me out with this raging hard on. Her cute little ass is simply flawless. She crawls on our bed, down on her hands and knees, jutting out her ass, looking over her shoulder while biting her lip with a dirty smile on her face, so fucking beautiful and sexy and horny, all rolled to get her into one fine package. I touch her ass while she wiggles it, the crack of her ass entices me, her little asshole turns me on and her tender pink pussy burger makes me hard. You see that she has a super tidy pussy. Yes, my girl has the most beautiful pussy ever! She poses bending over with her beautiful ass in the air and shakes it at me. This only makes my cock harder! She knows she’s fucking hot. She has certainly got some Barbi doll proportions with long legs and a slender yet curvy figure. She is absolutely gorgeous and proof again that slim girls are very sexy. My cock is rock hard and I want her right then and don’t want to wait. It’s like my blood is leaving my brain and going to my cock. My sexy girlfriend sits between my legs, sucking and stroking my big hard cock, making loud sucking noises as she drools all over my member. The feeling of her sweet lips around my cock is incredible! I am so turned on that I know I will cum in seconds right in her little mouth, but my girlfriend wants my dick in her pussy so bad! She rises and falls on my stiff cock, guiding my cock inside her little pussy. That feeling of first penetration is so intense, the softness of her pussy, her warm vagina. “MMMMM” she moans as she forces herself lower and lower, taking the cock deep within her perfect body. She is still wearing her blouse and she looks so fucking sexy like this, her tight body bouncing up and down on top of me. What a sight! That beautiful pink pussy is bald, her clit is standing proudly between her pussy lips! She takes off her blouse, leaving her bra on, while sleeping over on my cock, showing me that juicy little bubble butt as she begins to ride me in reverse cowgirl position, always looking over her shoulder to make sure that her man is having as such a good time as she is. I love the way she grinds her cute ass while on top of me, wiggling and shaking it, twerking on my lap. Her bra is pulled over her beautiful tits and she takes it off, now fully naked and riding me. She looks simply ravishing.   The only sound is her breath and the wet sound of my cock moving in and out of her wonderful pussy. I can feel her body tighten up as my beautiful girl comes closer to coming. I put her down on her hands and knees, pushing my big dick back inside her, fucking her doggie style from behind. I love to stop fucking her at a point and just standing still until she feels the urge to keep getting fucked, pushing her juicy bubble butt back up against my cock. She arches her back and wiggles her butt while I’m banging her from behind, then my sexy girlfriend lies flat on her back, spreading her long legs wide open so I can fuck her in missionary position. I begin with massaging her tender cunt with my dick, slapping her clit with it and teasing her, then drives my hot throbbing cock deep inside her with one hard thrust. She knows I’m just about to cum and she is eager for her man to spray his hot spunk all over her face! My girlfriend loves when her pretty face is fully covered in my sticky cum!