I love watching top-tier professional sex like what you’re get in this update. This couple really enjoys living with two hot and horny lesbian roommates! They never thought it would be so exciting living with two hot and horny lesbian roommates, but it’s made wonders for their sex life! The hot blonde wife wakes up early in the morning and as she walks down to the den she hears loud moaning sounds. As she looks around, he finds her lesbian roommates totally naked and having the most passionate lesbian sex, grinding together, scissoring each other, their gushing pussies rubbing. The one on top sees her and gives her a dirty look while she continues tribbing her lover. Totally turned on, the wife returns to the bedroom to take advantage of her husband’s hard, throbbing morning wood. She grabs his big fat cock and pushes it inside her wet mouth, sucking and stroking it while she replays that hot lesbian scenario in her mind. Unfortunately, her husband is going to be late for work, so he interrupts her and heads for the shower. The wife is still feeling so aroused, she spreads her legs wide open and fingers herself. She touches her big tits and feels how hard her nipples are as she fantasizes a threesome with her hot lesbian roommates.In the meantime, the husband finds himself with an uninvited guest in the shower, one of the hot lesbian roommates, ready to take a really long shower with him, sucking and stroking his big morning wood under the hot water! Don’t worry, the sexy wife is getting a visit from the second roommate, who watches her masturbate as she strips naked and joins her in the bed! She’s shocked at first, but as soon as the hot lesbian spreads her legs and starts fingering her wet muff, she lets go and just enjoys. So that’s what that dirty look earlier at the den was all about! While the husband gets his dick sucked in the shower, the hot wife is getting her pussy eaten out in the bedroom. The lesbian girl pushes her pussy against her own and they rub hard, tribbing just like she did with her couple a while back. They all meet back at the bedroom for a hard-core foursome, with the how wife and husband enjoying the company of their new lesbian lovers! Three super hot women and a great hardcore scene! You will blow your load the first 15 seconds of this scene with these three babes! It’s soooo sexy, erotic, and arousing. He pounds all three pussies in all possible positions. So incredible! He fucks three girls untill he can’t take it any more! Three naked girls are lined up and ready. He starts to cum in his wife, but has the presence of mind to pull out and also fill up the lesbian’s cunts!!! All this back and forth is done in an effort to give us viewers what we really want: an incredible creampie-cleanup-cumswap, where one of the girls hoovers up the runoff leaking out from the other gals’ pussies and then slobbers it back between them all. Fucking fantastic ZZ team, and I hope you guys win an award for this awesome video! 