What did my stepsis expect, walking around the house wearing just her thong? She thought I was going to be able to avoid the view of that delicious bubble shaped ass, with that sexy thong digging deep into the crack of her ass as she bent over the fridge while grabbing some snacks? She thought I would be able to control myself, instead of grabbing her naked ass? It’s okay, she loves doing that shit, that’s why she likes to walk around the house in her thong and tiny tank top. She knows what I want to see. She pulls her top up and flashed me her titties, pulling her thong to the side so I can see her bald pussy while she keeps repeating “Is that what you want to see? Is that what you want to see?” in a sexy voice. I slide my fingers up and down her pink slit, she’s already dripping wet. She just shaved herself, her pussy feels so soft as a finger fuck her. She moans softly, biting on her lips, and I can see her nipples getting hard. She gets on her knees, grabbing my big fat cock in her hands, sucking and stroking it. She uses both hands to jerk my cock while sucking on the tip, her eyes kinda closed while she enjoys my Dick. I grab her head and push my cock down her throat, fucking her mouth. Now that she has been nice and hard, she told me to lie flat on the kitchen floor, straddling herself on top, her sexy bubble shaped ass facing my way as she sits on my lap and rides me in reverse cowgirl position. I love the way she makes that juicy ass bounce up and down on my lap. She moans and screams in ecstasy and overwhelming pleasure as my cock stretches and penetrates deeper into her. I make her stand and lean over the kitchen counter while I lift one of her legs up in the air and fuck her sideways. The fact that she’s balancing herself forces her to contract her pussy muscles and she feels so fucking tight and it turns her on so much getting fucked this way. I make my horny step sister get down on her hands and knees, I want to fuck this teen slut doggie style from behind. Fuck! Our Dad shows up while you’re fucking and we have to stop! It’s okay, we pick up where we left off later! The next day she is playing her video games with my cock in her mouth! Damn this girl is talented. Getting a perfect score in the game while sucking and riding her stepbro? I have to reward her with a sloppy shot of jizz! 