My stepdaughter begged me not to cum in her but of course I did it anyway! I woke up in the morning with a huge boner, as usual, and when I went downstairs to get myself some breakfast in the kitchen I found my sexy stepdaughter in her pink satin night robe. It’s sp fucking short that we she bent over to get something from the kitchen cabinet, I could see her naked ass and her pink pussy burger! I got so fucking turned on, I stood behind her, pressing my bulge against her hot ass! “Wait what are you doing? That is so wrong!” What did she expect, walking around the house with no panties? She was shy and innocent at first but then the dirty little slut pressed her butt against my crotch, bending over and rubbing her naked ass up and down against my morning wood. “I guess we can have sex if you promise not to tell mommy?” I take of her robe and left her totally naked in the kitchen, making her lean against me, grinding her juicy bubble butt against my crotch, feeling my member getting bigger and harder as she teased me. I pass my hands all over her hot naked body, cupping her tits and feeling her perky nipples as she got more and more turned on. Looks like she wants some raw sausage and eggs for breakfast! I was bumping and grinding against her, but I still had my jeans on, since we both enjoy some kinky dry humping early in the morning before getting down and dirty. Feeling frisky, while she held on tight to the kitchen counter, I grabbed her by her hips, lifting her up, humping her in midair, with her legs wrapped around my waist. I decided to stop before things went further, but, a couple of hours later I was so fucking horny that I went looking for her. I found her in the laundry room, and a sexy red top and white shorts. Her nipples were hard and showing through the fabric as I took it off, stripping her totally naked. I spread her legs over the washing machine and played with her dripping with pussy. She was ready to go, and so was I, ramming my hard cock deep inside her gushing cunt and pounding her hard over the washing machine. Her pussy was so fucking tight! She got down on her knees and sucked my cock, then stood and leaned over the washing machine as I fucked her very hard from behind. I couldn’t help myself, she begged me not to cum in her, but I left her with a sticky creampie oozing from her pussy! 