My beautiful blonde stepdaughter brought her best friend over and I couldn’t get my ass off her sexy little bubble butt in a pair of sexy Daisy Dukes. A while later, they both showed up, with my stepdaughter asking if her friend to stay the night for a sleepover. She knows her mom doesn’t want her having sleepovers on school nights, but hey, the girls were practically begging me, her mom is away and I’m supposed to be the cool stepdad, right? Plus, I had some plans of my own, so I agreed to let the girls do it. Later that night, I crawled downstairs, where the sleepover was taking place. My stepdaughter’s sexy friend was sleeping on the couch and I woke her up, fondling her soft tits over her pink top as she gave me a naughty smile and bit her lip. I rubbed her pussy over her white shorts and I could already feel how hot and wet she was. My stepdaughter was sleeping right next to her, as her friend took off her shorts and showed me her pink snatch. She pulled her top over her tits and played with them while grabbing her pussy and I rubbed and fingered her. While my stepdaughter slept, I rammed my hard cock deep inside her friend’s wet cunt and fucked her in missionary position. Her young pussy felt incredible, so warm, slippery, tender and tight! I was fucking my step daughter’s best friend while she slept next to her, I thought it was a dream! I had to cover her mouth so her moans wouldn’t wake her up and she rubbed her snatch as I banged her. I came hard, cumming inside her and going back to my room. The image of her young bare body, her sweet pussy, her amazing titties, the thought of my cum oozing out of her pussy while she was sleeping… The next morning, during breakfast, my stepdaughter told us she had a dream about us fucking right next to her. When she noticed her friend’s hand between my legs, massaging my bulge, she realized it was no dream! Intrigued, my stepdaughter didn’t want to miss out on what her best friend had enjoyed last night, so the girls both got down on their knees, sucking and stroking my rock hard cock together! Man, this was too fucking hot, getting to fuck my stepdaughter and her best friend together! Two absolutely gorgeous hotties got down on their knees and began sucking my dick together, licking my balls, kissing each other with my dick between their tongues, moving their lips back and forth. I held their faces still and thrust my dick between their tongues and lips. My beautiful stepdaughter got down on her hands and knees, showing me her naked ass, the crack of her ass split wide open, so I could see her sexy little asshole and dripping wet pink pussy burger. Her best friend kept sucking my cock and guided it to my step daughter’s cunt. She stuck my cock into her and I began to fuck my stepdaughter doggie style from behind, pushing my thick cock deep inside her tight cunt. Fuck, she was so much tighter than her mom’s old cunt! Her friend pushed her ass cheeks towards me with her both hands and then the teen slut spread her legs wide open and played with her tits while my stepdaughter ate her out!!!   I had never seen anything like it before in my life, there teens of today are so hot! I kept pounding my step daughter’s little pussy while she was busy licking her friend’s pussy juises. She got down on her hands and knees too so I got to fuck her doggie style from behind with my stepdaughter watching us and holding her friend’s ass cheeks wide open. Then happened something absolutely amazing! My horny step daughter got on all fours in front of her friend, and parked her naked ass to her friend’s face, so that her mouth was right in front of anus! Her slutty friend began to lick her asshole and shove her tongue in her ass!!! The sight of it made me horny, I began pounding these young pussies as hard as I could. Two naked girls kept scuking my dick together and licking my balls! Needless to say I came all over their faces and bodies and two young naked girls began to lick off my hot cum from each other’s faces and tits. We stayed fucking all weekend!