This beautiful black Valley Girl is reading a book while sun bathing by the pool while the pool boy watches her from afar. He’s been crushing on her for so long, and finally, he musters up the testicular fortitude to approach her. As she sets down her book, he realizes she’s topless. The view of her beautiful mocha breasts and perky nipples totally throws him off his game. He stutters and trips on his words and she pretty much ignores him. He’s ready to leave, emasculated and defeated, but before doing so, in a desperate attempt to save grace, he whips out his dick! She wasn’t expecting this. He’s not sure how she’s going to react. The black babe looks at his big throbbing member without saying a word. The seconds seem to stretch into hours until finally she reaches out, grabs his hard white cock and starts sucking and stroking it! He nailed it! This sexy black Valley Girl likes guys that are confident and cocky! She cups his balls in her hands while deep throating his member, swallowing it all the way down to the base. The hot slut spits all over his dick and her saliva drips down his shaft and balls. She lets him know she doesn’t really want her neighbors eavesdropping, so she takes him back inside her house. Once there, she sits on his face so he can eat her out, tongue fucking her dripping wet pink cunt. She grinds her delicious brown bubble shaped ass while feeling his slick tongue wriggling inside her slit. She rides his face hard and it is coated with her delicious juices. Her teen body is being lit up with sexual shock waves of pleasure and she is quickly coasting to an orgasm from cunnilingus. Straddling herself on top, the black naked girl squats over his white cock, riding him in reverse cowgirl position. She rubs her muff, feeling that big, thick member penetrating her. He places her sideways and fucks her from behind, sweat trickling down her ebony body as she gets fucked hard by her pool boy. She lies on her belly and sucks his dick. He holds her head still and fucks her mouth, ramming it down her throat and making her drench his cock in drool. Thick ropes of saliva drip down her lips and chin as she deep throats him and he mouth fucks her! He pushes his cock deeper in her throat which makes her wiggle her ebony bubble butt from pleasure. After fucking her in missionary with her legs behind her head, and in all posiible sex positions the pool boy blasts hot cum all over her sexy black body! Way to go, pool boy! 