This gorgeous blonde teen and her beautiful curly haired brunette friend are enjoying a hot summer vacation at a Hedonist resort and they are having the time of their life. The girls are free to walk around holding hands, kissing passionately and touching each other in the sexiest ways possible. They feel constantly turned on and aroused by themselves, each other and their surroundings. Even more so, when the girls meet with this hot guy who has become their latest lover and third partner in their sexual triangle. The blonde and her friend strip him naked while they all make out together and she starts sucking and stroking his big hard cock while watching her making out with her friend, it’s so hot. Her friend already removed her bikini bottom so he can play with her dripping with pussy while they make out. She continues sucking his dick while he finger fucks her friend’s snatch and sucks on her perky nipples. She gets very turned on watching her girlfriend receiving sexual attention from another man. She can feel her soft breath by her ear as her girlfriend softly kisses it and lets her know she wants to try that dick. While she takes her place, she straddles herself atop the guy’s face and sits on it, feeling his slick tongue wriggling in her pussy, spreading her pussy lips and eating her out, licking her wet slit and even her sweet little ass hole. Two beautiful young naked girls riding your face and sucking your dick together, what a marvel! The two pussies are so wet, the hot girls now want just one thing: to ride this cock and receive the hot seed of this stud in their holes. The girls take turns riding his dick, sucking each other’s pussies and licking his balls at the same time. Then they put one of the girls on her back and spread legged, her face resting against her crotch while the guy rams his big hard cock deep inside her tight pussy and fucks her in missionary position. The naked blonde holds her friend’s hand while she gets fucked, touching her and watching her touching herself. Then she gets on top of her, down on her hands and knees, letting the guy penetrate her from behind and fuck her doggie style. It’s so much fun to share a big juicy cock! While he fucks her sideways from behind, she can feel her girlfriend’s fingers massaging and rubbing her pussy, the double stimulation drives her crazy. Her girl gets on top and rides his dick in reverse cowgirl while she masturbates her, then takes her place. After making them both cum, he sprays hot cum all over their mouths and watches the naked girls share it! 