This sexy brunette babe has been waiting so long to finally get intimate with her boyfriend and now she realizes how come he’s been letting it drag on for so long. He has a tiny dick! When she states the obvious he gets upset and tells her to leave his room. She waits in the kitchen to see if he cools off and that’s when her boyfriend’s dad comes into the kitchen. He just woke up and thinks he’s alone in the house. He’s wearing an open robe and he has a huge erection! That’s what morning wood should look like! When he sees her he covers up, while the girl explains to him that she’s his son’s college girlfriend. Or was! She still hasn’t gotten any cock yet in this house and if she’s going to get any, she wants to get the big one! The horny petite girl reaches over and grabs her boyfriend’s dad’s package and rubs it over his robe. He knows that unfortunately his son is not as gifted as he is, so he lets his sexy girlfriend drop to her knees and suck and stroke on his huge dick instead! Right in the middle of their hot blowjob session, his son comes down to the kitchen, so he gets behind the kitchen counter, concealing his cute black girlfriend from his view so he doesn’t realize his daddy is getting a blowjob from his girlfriend, that would suck! After dispensing some really crappy and bullshit advice to his son about girls while getting blown by his girlfriend, he sends him off so he can actually fuck her! Naked black girl straddles herself on top, squatting over his huge cock and letting it sink inside her tight cunt. Her young pussy is swollen and wet, so tight and small  in comparison to his shaft. But as she lowers herself on his huge white cock it slowly slides into her. After letting her ride on his joystick he sits her over the kitchen counter, spreading her legs wide open and pounded her hard in missionary position. He fucked so many of his son’s girlfriends over that counter, it’s almost a family tradition by now. His son may not get to fuck his girls, but at least he manages to get them to his dad, and he loves shooting his hot cum all over their faces and their hot bodies! Too bad his son is missing out on this fine pussy, but sometimes, size does matter! 