Few girls I know like anal sex, but my beautiful girlfriend enjoys anal orgasms one after another, and that’s why I love her! She touches herself just thinking about it, having my big hard cock inside her asshole really turns her on. She’s teasing me with her hot naked body, as she takes off her skimpy swimsuit. She pops my big hard cock in her wet mouth and starts giving me head, she knows she needs my dick well lubed up for hot anal action. She drools all over my cock and spreads her saliva with her hands, getting my shaft and balls drenched. She moans loudly while eating my member, making these sexy gagging sounds as she deep throats it all the way down to the base. I put her on her back and spread her legs wide open while she begs me to fuck her little pussy with my big cock. Man, I love it when she’s talking dirty like this! I fuck her in missionary position and she looks at me with that slutty face. I pull my dick out of her snatch and ram it deep inside her tender asshole, feeling how it stretches out and sucks it all in. Feeling the muscles of her anus tighten around my throbbing dick and watching her face grimace in pain makes me so excited. The feeling of her tight asshole around my dick is incredible. I try not to cum in her ass prematurely. My girlfriend is a voracious anal slut. She spreads her ass cheeks with her hands while telling me to stretch her asshole as much as I can with my large cock. I’m telling you, the dirty talking just keeps getting better and better as I keep pounding her asshole! It is my first up-close view of her sexy asshole. Holy fuck! The beautiful ass views are enhanced with lots of anus muscle flexing every time my dick comes out of her ass hole. Her anus even gapes right open as she flexes her hole open and closes, with her hands spreading it open as well. I lie flat on my back and my naked girlfriend straddles herself on top, her juicy bubble butt is facing my way as she takes my big throbbing erection in her hands and guides it into her asshole, squatting over it and impaling herself on it. Big beautiful ass cheeks, perfect little hole, some anus flexing and even a momentary little gape of her asshole. She rides my cock in reverse cowgirl position, grinding her ass against my crotch, driving my cock as deep inside her asshole as it can go, having one anal orgasm after another! She rubs her wet mouth while I’m plowing her ass and I grab her legs, pressing them together and lifting them. I put her down on her hands and knees, butt fucking her doggie style from behind. I fuck her harder and harder and she moans her approval, as I move my dick from her ass to her cunt and fuck her as hard as I can from behind. I like making her my anal bitch. She keeps telling me how good it feels as they get ready to blow my load, maybe inside her ass! 