I was at my favorite swimming hole for the weekend and noticed this couple camping nearby. Of course I didn’t pay attention to the guy, but the girl, hot damn! A beautiful busty brunette with a drop dead gorgeous body! It seemed like luck was on my side, the fish weren’t biting but when her husband left I had a chance to hit on his busty wife while she was fishing. I knew I had the right bait to reel her in and in just a few minutes we were already talking about porn and she was showing me her big round bubble tits. Man, this bitch was stacked! If her tits were bait, she could catch whales with them! Since her husband wasn’t going to be around for quite a while, we could entertain ourselves. She dropped to her knees and began sucking and stroking my big throbbing member. This was definitely much more fun than fishing! I pushed her face down against my cock, ramming it down her throat as I made her deep throat it. She took me inside the tent she shared with her husband and kept eating my cock and sucking on my balls while I lied on my back. No doubt about it, this chick loved sucking Dick. Totally naked, she tied her shirt around her waist and I admired her big tits as she straddled herself on top of me, pushing my hard cock deep inside her gushing cunt, riding me in cowgirl position. She looked beautiful on top of me, with those big boobs bouncing up and down. Then she flipped over, showing me her juicy bubble butt and spreading her butt cheeks wide open with her hands so I could admire the crack of her ass and her delicious tight asshole as she rode me in reverse cowgirl position. I put her on her back, spreading her legs wide open, banging her in missionary. She got nervous when somebody passed by, but he didn’t pay attention to us, so we kept fucking. The thrill of almost getting caught got her so fucking horny, I fucked her brains out, putting her down on her hands and knees outside of the tent and pounding her muff doggie style from behind until I was ready to cum all over her tits and ass! 