I met this hot babe at the club last night and since it’s a beautiful day I invited her over to my crib so we can have some fun at the pool. We are having fun all right! She already got naked and she’s letting me pass my hands all over her hot body and her delicious bubble shaped butt. I’am dreaming of the moment when my cock will slide inside her young tight pussy! The naked girl takes my hand and guides me to the pool so he can get wet and slippery together. This chick has a gorgeous body, her butt is simply flawless and her face is beautiful. She touches herself under the water, her lovely pussy, her cute little ass and her nice tits and I can’t wait for us to get out so she can get between my legs and give me a blowjob, sucking and stroking my big throbbing erection with a dirty look on her face. Her beautiful bright eyes are locked on mine as she drools all over my member, spreading her spit all over my cock and balls with her hands, lips and tongue. She lets me know she’s wanted to feel my cock inside her pussy since we met at the club. I love a girl that shoots from the hip! I lie flat on my back as the young naked girl straddles herself on top, squatting over my cock pushing it inside her wet cunt, riding me in cowgirl position. The  teenage beauty rubs her muff while on top of me and I can feel her pussy muscles wrapping tight around my shaft, squeezing and milking it. Some girls get on top but don’t really know how to ride cock, this sexy babe knows! She can give fucking lessons about it, man. She touches herself while grinding her hot naked body, keeping me turned on and as hard as a rock. The naked girl flips over so she can ride me in reverse cowgirl position, making her juicy bubble butt bounce up and down on my lap while looking over her shoulders. I put her on her back, spreading her legs wide open and fucking her pink cunt in missionary position. She holds her legs split wide open by her ankles, begging me to keep pounding her harder, deeper and faster, until I am ready to blow my load, spraying hot and sticky cum all over that beautiful face, her sun kissed naked body and open mouth! 