Wearing a ski mask to conceal his identity, this guy breaks into this fancy house hoping to find a good loot. When he sneaks into the bathroom he realizes that the owner’s daughter is not just here, but she’s totally naked and masturbating herself with the shower massager! Looks like he broke in just at the right time! Totally turned on by this hot scene, the masked burglar whips out his phone and starts taking pictures of this sexy naked masturbatrix. Standing in the tub the young naked girl uses the shower head to cascade streams of water down over her body and massage her shaved pussy with the pulsating water. We watch her running the shower head jets on her lovely pussy and her pink clit. When the girl walks out of the bathroom the burglar sneaks in behind her, the wet towel covering her naked body falling to the ground as he places his hand over her mouth to muffle her screams. In this moment, the masked man removes his mask, revealing his identity. It’s her neighbor, fulfilling one of her sexiest and dirtiest sex fantasies! Knowing she is not in danger, yet totally turned on, she begs him to put the mask back on and continue role playing! The teen slut drops to her knees, pulling down on his pants and revealing his huge throbbing erection, ramming it down her throat and viciously fucking her mouth. Thick ropes of saliva drip down her lips and chin as she tries her best to take that huge dick in her tiny mouth, with her masked neighbor pulling her hair and slapping her cute face with his meaty hose. The naked girl drools all over his dick and balls and her saliva drenches her tits as she gets down on her hands and knees, gasping for breath as she feels his fingers slipping inside her tight asshole, stretching it out and making her squirm. Soon he has two fingers up her butt and she feels his big hard cock slipping inside her cunt, fucking her hard doggie style from behind. Cunt juice squirts out of her hot hole as he drives his huge cock deep inside her with one hard thrust, stretching her slick vagina walls open. This young girl would never have thought it would be possible to force such long and thick cock inside her little pussy. Her teenage body trembles and she comes instantly. He reaches forward with both hands and grasping her by the shoulders, pulls her whole body back tight against him. His big hard cock is sunk to its fullest depth in her quivering belly as she feels the hardness of the head pressed tight against the end of her cervix. He pins her shoulders to the floor so he can fuck her in the piledriver position while she plays with her clit and backs her masked lover to continue fucking her harder, faster, rougher and deeper. He pulls his shaft out almost all the way, and smashes his pelvis down with a brutal thrust!!!   The teen slut is getting used to the feeling of the large cock stretching her little pussy. He’s slamming balls-deep into her pussy, grabbing my hips with his rough hands. He takes her in his arms and fucks her very hard in a sideways position, her legs pressed together so his big cock feels even tighter inside her cunt as she squeezes it with her pelvic muscles. He puts her back in doggy style position and keeps banging her from behind, locking her up in the Full Sex Nelson, fucking her rains out. With her arms and legs pinned in this kinky position the naked girl finds herself unable to move, totally at the mercy of her lover, she has never been so fucking turned on in her whole life. He lets her ride on his cock, her sweaty naked body bouncing up and down his lap, sucking on his fingers and gushing from her pussy as she takes that big hard dick inside her. She can’t wait for him to blow his load and spray hot cum all over her pretty face! 