This sexy blonde cougar wife gets back from her run and finds her hubby and his work friend watching the game. The woman notices the way he looks at her hot body, checking out her big tits and her firm bubble butt she kind of likes it. She’s so bored with her husband and his vanilla approach to sex, and his work friend looks so hot and manly, she can’t resist shaking her tits for him on her way up to shower after her run. She hopes he gets the message that she expects him to join her there. While showering, this beautiful naked woman passes her hands all over her soapy body, feeling her big tits as she rubs her wet muff, masturbating herself while thinking about her husband’s friend’s cock, not knowing he’s watching her and taking some pictures with his phone while touching himself. She’s so fucking turned on, he starts squirting when she orgasms and when she looks up, she realizes he’s there, just as she wished for. She grabs him and drags him into the shower with her, dropping to her knees, pulling down his pants and briefs so she can take a good look at that delicious throbbing erection, so much bigger and harder than her husband’s. This is what this sexy wife needed so bad! The naked MILF starts sucking and stroking it and he holds her head still and fucks her mouth with his hefty sausage, ramming it down her throat and making her choke and gag on it. It feels so good, her husband’s dick doesn’t even tickle her throat when she deep throats him! The beautiful naked woman drools all over his cock and his balls and he bends her over so he can eat her pussy and her asshole out, stimulating her tender fuck holes with his slick tongue while she masturbates herself, cumming hard and gushing pussy juices into his mouth as she squirts for him. Her pussy continues squirting gushes as it pulsates from the orgasm. He is completely drenched in her pussy juice! He finger fucks her too, watching her squirt over and over before spreading her legs wide open and ramming his hard cock deep inside her dripping wet slit, pounding her hard so the friend’s wife can squirt with his delicious dick inside her pussy. Man, she sprays pussy juices all over the place, her snatch is like a fucking water pistol, enjoying her husband’s friend’s dick while he’s downstairs watching the game! The harder he pounds her squirting cunt the higher in the air this crazy bitch squirts! This hot woman simply can’t stop cumming. This sexy wife displays her impressive squirting orgasm talents, producing numerous fantastic orgasms. 