Khloe is my best friend’s sister, and this sexy blonde has always had a crush on me. I hadn’t seen her in quite a while, and I was quite surprised with how hot she was looking! She came down the stairs wearing a sexy tank top and shorts, with a yellow choker around her neck. Since my friend was taking a shower, we started talking. I could see the way she was looking at me, and I was pretty sure she could see the way I was looking at her too. She looked so hot with her shorts up between her pussy lips. I love her tits, they looked so delicious. She crawled under the table and got between my legs, unzipping my pants and pulling them down. My cock was already as hard as a fucking rock as she took it in her soft hands and started sucking and stroking it right there on the spot. Man, I couldn’t believe this was actually happening! I was reminding her that her brother was here, right as he walked into the room, fresh from his shower! Fuck! I thought we were going to get caught, but he didn’t see his sister hiding under the table! Man, that was so close! Seemingly, close enough to get his sister really turned on by the possibility of getting caught. We were still talking as she grabbed my cock and kept sucking it, blowing me under the table with her brother just a few feet away from us. He went back upstairs and I told him I would follow him, as much as they hated leaving his sister behind. Not that I had to worry, a few minutes later the horny slut came crawling into the room with a dirty smile on her face! Man, I grabbed a pillow to conceal her from her brother’s view as she latched back unto my dick! I thought I would cum right in her mouth! The expectation of what was going to happen were making my body tingle with excitement. I made up a diversion to get her brother out of the room long enough to fuck her! We both stripped naked and I lied on my back and she straddled herself on top, slowly lowering herself onto me. Steadying herself with one hand on my chest, she worked more of her pussy down around my cock. I was massaging her perky breasts as I felt her wet slit began to envelop the head of my cock. Her entrance stretched around my cock’s swollen tip as she sank further. My best friend’s sister was riding me in cowgirl position! She has beautiful tiny titties with pierced nipples, a belly button piercing and she looked so fucking sexy bouncing up and down my hard cock! She really has one of the most flawless pretty pussies, smooth, tidy inner labia! My hips moved beneath her, pushing my cock upwards into her as she lowered herself down. Her breasts swung above me as she began to move, working her wet hole up and down my cock.   The young naked girl groaned out, working her hips in tight circles. She rubbed her muff as she came with my dick lodged inside her, screaming so loud I was afraid her brother would figure out what was going on! I put her on her back, spread her legs wide open, and rammed my cock so deep inside her pussy, I’m surprised it didn’t come out of her mouth. I began to HAMMER at her pussy in missionary position. Her clit was now standing out from between her lips and was still quivering. I pushed it in slow enjoying the feeling of her hot, tight, vagina, grabbing me and sucking me inside her. Then fucked her fast and hard, I fucked her as fast as I could, hoping to get the job done before her brother came back! Sweat was running down her naked body as I impaled her on my throbbing erection, pulling out and spraying hot cum all over her face and tits! She cleaned herself up and got dressed just in time as her brother came back, close call!