Once I had to sleep in my stepsister’s room, and at night I woke up after hearing some soft moaning sounds and I saw her masturbating herself! I was sleeping on the floor, but I still managed to see some skin between her sheets as she massaged her tits and rubbed her wet muff. She looked so fucking sexy fingering herself under the blanket, especially when she climaxed. The blanket slid down and I could see what was going on now. My naked step sister was pleasuring herself on her bed. I could see her beautiful small breasts with erected nipples, her pink wet pussy slit and her clit. She came, went back to blanket and closed her eyes. The very next day I approached her as she was sitting on the couch and told her I had a wet dream the night before, starring her! She said I was a pervert, and that’s when I let her know that I knew she was masturbating herself last night while sleeping right next to her stepbrother. Now who’s the pervert? I told her I thought she looked pretty hot playing with herself and she confessed she would love to see me masturbating, since I already got to see her. Why the hell not? It was quite a turn on whipping out my hard cock in front of my stepsister and jerking off while she watched me! Almost ashamedly, my step sister agreed that she liked my dick and would do it with me. As she watched, her hand started crawling up my thigh and all the way up to my dick, and the little slut began stroking it! Then she moved closer to me, opened her mouth and slid her lips over my cock head, taking it into her mouth! Man, I was getting head from my hot stepsister! Talking about masturbation with my step sister had gotten this teen extremely horny. The wetness of her pussy didn’t lie as she looked up at me with her pretty eyes and slid her sweet lips over my cock head, suckling it as she slowly stroked my shaft. My girlfriend tried to deepthroat me once, but she couldn’t even get close to taking all of me into her mouth, but my horny step sis did it! I could tell she was really turned on, so I put her on her hands and knees and exposed her pink pussy burger and tight asshole, spreading her pussy lips with my fingers and running them up and down her wet slit as I fingered her. Man, she was gushing! She stripped down to her sexy panties and kept blowing me, then I put her over the couch’s backrest and pulled her panties down. She was looking at my dick and smiling. I was staring at her pink pussy. She said, “are you going to stare at it or are you going to fuck me?” I couldn’t believe she was telling me this! I lowered myself until my cock head met her pussy lips. I rammed my hard cock deep inside her wet cunt and began fucking her hard from behind while she looked over her shoulder. It was fucking hot, because as I was fucking her, she was thrusting her hips back and forth in response.   I was so fucking hard and so fucking turned on that I chose pulled out of her pussy and blew my creamy load all over her hot bubble butt! As the cum dripped down her ass crack and slit, I rubbed it into her muff while she moaned softly! I couldn’t stop with her a few hours later in the bathroom, grabbing one of her panties and rubbing it against my hard cock. She watched me sniff her panties and rub them on my cock. She took of her own panties, sitting on the bathroom counter and spreading her legs wide open so I could fuck her some more in missionary position. It was the wettest, hottest and silkiest cunt I had ever imaged. I played with her tiny breasts while we fucked and she told me to lie on my back on the bathroom floor so she could straddle herself on top. She rode me in reverse cowgirl position, having her titties groped, rubbing her clit and nipples. Watching my hot stepsister’s sexy bubble butt bouncing up and down my lap made me blow my load all over it one more time! Just as I covered her cute face with warm cum father came a knocking.