I like my little vibrator, a sexy pink dildo that keeps me up all night long as they masturbate myself what it every time and feeling horny, and I’m feeling horny ALL the time! Unfortunately (or should I say fortunately?) my masturbatory session was cut short when I heard a knocking on the door. It was my step daddy who came over to tell me dinner was ready. She knocked and opened the door so fast, I could barely cover myself with the sheets, my vibrator still lodged in my pussy and buzzing away. After we ate, I went back to my room to keep masturbating, but I ran out of lube. I know my mom keeps some in her bedroom drawer so I sneaked in. My stepdad was asleep and I tried not to awake him but as he tossed and turned I couldn’t help noticing his big Dick! I had never seen it before and he was so hard! Not just that, it was so much bigger than my toy! I was so caught up in the moment, just watching it, that he woke up and noticed me there, with a dildo in one hand and a bottle of lube in the other, and staring straight at his cock, to make things worst! He was still so hard and he noticed the way I looked at him and his member. Without saying a word I got in bed with him and begins sucking and stroking his dick! I knew it was so wrong but it felt so good! I drooled all over his delicious dick and played with it with my hands, caressing his veiny shaft and his big balls. I stripped fully naked and hopped on top. He started to slide in then it got real tight, and it didn’t want to go in. I told him go ahead and push it in. Finally his huge cock was deep inside my tight pussy and he let me ride him in reverse cowgirl position. His cock went deeper and deeper and I felt his balls against my pussy. He put me sideways and fucked me from behind on the same bed he shares with my mom, it made me feel so dirty! He put me on my back and watch me playing with my pussy while he fucked me in missionary position. My little pussy was so wet now that I could hear his cock slapping into me. Then he made me get doggy style and rammed it in and out some more, fucking me doggie style from behind.   He made me cum so many times that I lost count. It was more like one continuous orgasm that left my pussy pulsing and dripping down my crack! I felt his dick throb and start jerking fast. All the way up inside of my pussy I felt his cock spurting and a warm tingling sensation on my cervix as he came in me. I let out one loud long moan as his cock spurted at least a half dozen times before it began to shrink in me. My fingers went down there touching the cum that was still spilling all over my pussy lips. I inserted two fingers inside and took out a blob of his thick white semen and showed it to him. He smiled.