This brunette babe so fucking hot and so fucking beautiful, yet unfortunately she’s also so fucking dumb and so fucking immature. That’s why she got caught shoplifting and got herself into big trouble. She doesn’t want to go to jail, much less for her parents to find out that their daughter is a petty thief, so the security guard is giving her an option that will set her free and she finds herself with no other choice than to accept it. The teen girl takes off her dress in front of him, leaving her sexy white lace bra and panties on. When the security guard tells her to remove her bra, she refuses, but as soon as he lets her know he’ll call the cops, she changes her mind, taking it off and exposing her big beautiful tits. She may pretend like she’s not happy with this, but those nipples are already hard and erect and her panties are probably drenched in her pussy juices. When he makes her remove the panties he’s surprised by her thick dark bush. Girls these days shave their pussies and her untrimmed pubic patch looks so fucking hot and sexy. She gets on her knees and starts sucking and stroking the security guards big throbbing member. She’s quite turned on by the fact that seeing her naked got him so hard. Pretty soon she finds herself deep throating his cock, after which he bends her over his desk, spreading her bubble butt cheeks wide open and ramming his big hard cock deep inside her gushing cunt, fucking this sexy little shoplifter hard from behind. She places one leg over the desk so that cock can burrow even deeper inside her, she feels so fucking humiliated and embarrassed and fucking turned on at the same time, her pussy is dripping wet as she gets fucked hard by the security guard’s delicious cock. He flips the naked girl over, banging her in missionary position, playing with her hairy bush and fondling her big tits. She really enjoys the way he squeezes them hard while slamming her against the desk, making her sit on his cock. The security guard uses her teen pussy for his own pleasure, pulling her back and forth on his cock, then banging her from behind as she leans over the chair until he comes all over her. She’ll find something else to steal next week so she can get fucked by him again! 