This sexy slut is spread legged and masturbating herself while reading her diary and her stepbrother can hear her moans of pleasure from outside the bedroom, so he sneaks a peek inside and sees his sexy stepsister and her baby doll, cumming hard from playing with herself. He can’t help noticing the diary she seemed to be reading from while getting off, so when she leaves her bedroom, she sneaks inside. While she showers herself, he’s reading her journal, filled with all her dirtiest and nastiest sexual fantasies. He’s so ready to make a couple of them cum true, especially those really filthy ones that include him! What a slut! When she steps back inside her bedroom wrapped up in a towel he sneaks up behind her, grabbing her and placing his hand over her mouth, to muffle her screams. He rips the towel from her body and throws her on her bed, down on her hands and knees, her delicious bubble shaped ass jutting up in the air. He presses his hard cock against the crack of her ass while pulling her hair back and talking dirty in her ear. He starts spanking her delicious ass and makes her read from her diary while sucking and stroking his big throbbing member. He makes her drool all over his cock while pushing it down her throat, fucking her mouth. She rubs it all over her face, drenching it with her own saliva and he puts her on her knees and continues throat fucking her. Next, he spread Eagles her on her bed, lying on her back, restraining her wrists and ankles to the bed posts. He is going to give her the rough fucking she’s been wishing for! Now that he has her pretty tied up, he pushes his big fat cock deep inside her gushing pussy and starts fucking her in missionary position hard and rough. He squeezes her nipples so hard that her pussy begins to squirt all over his dick! His wet balls are slapping against her cunt. Love the squirt, love the bush! She is super sexy. Just so nasty but so gorgeous. Perfect balance. He rubs her wet muff and makes her squirt hard again and again, soaking the sheets with her pussy juices. He unties her so she can get on top and ride on his cock in reverse cowgirl position. She keeps squirting every time his hard cock makes her cum. He then facefucks her, getting his big cock balls deep in her mouth! The teen slut rides in reverse and keeps gushing all over the bedroom, letting him know how much she enjoys becoming her very own stepbrother’s dirty little fuck slut stepsister! 