Working at the local gym I was recently assigned a new spinning class with three beautiful girls who are very motivated and eager to get in shape, so much so, they are willing to do whatever I asked him to in order to reach their fitness goal. I get so fucking turned on watching their juicy bubble butts as the babes ride their stationary bikes. I wanted to see more, so I told them that if they really wanted to take their fitness to the next level my recommendation was for them to take off their bottoms off, so their bodies could better sweat off the excess. I wasn’t sure how they would take this, but the girls got off their bikes and started taking off their bottoms and even their tops! Man, I was surrounded by beautiful big tits and tight bubble butts drenched in sweat and my dick was fucking hard as a rock and throbbing under my shorts. Of course I was pitching a tent and icing the girls like seeing how their bodies aroused me. I chose one of the girls, a delicious brunette babe with gorgeous tits and ass who was giving me dirty looks and I got behind her, spreading her ass cheeks with my hands and slipping my rock hard cock deep inside her already gushing cunt, pounding her from behind as she continued pedaling. The babe has one of the most beautiful asses I have ecer seen! I decided to wrap up the class and let the other girls go, they were not of hot as this big ass babe, and I could fuck them the next class anyway. I got in front so the sexy slut could suck and stroke my hefty sausage, then I got behind her again and continued banging her hard. I got on top of the yoga ball, with her straddling herself over my lap, pushing my big dick inside her, riding me in cowgirl position with those big beautiful tits bouncing up and down like basketballs. Sweat dripped down her body and she looked so fucking hot, riding my cock on the yoga mat, sucking me hard and getting down on her hands and knees so I could fuck her gushing pussy doggie style from behind. She pushed her bubble butt back up against my cock. She got fucked in all the best positions to show off that beautiful ass of hers and asked for private lessons after cumming all over her big tits! 