I get so happy when my stepsister invites her best friend over to stay overnight. She’s a smoking hot blonde babe, she knows I have a huge crush on her and she likes to tease and flirt with me every chance she gets. While she’s reading in bed with my stepsister I sneak in behind her, grabbing her juicy bubble butt and playing with it, pulling down on her shorts and panties, hoping that my step sister doesn’t realize what’s going on behind her back. I spread her ass cheeks wide open, her asshole and pink pussy lips look so fucking delicious. I rub her ass crack with the tip of my cock and then jam my big cock deep inside that juicy pink snatch, banging her from behind in complete silence. She looks over her shoulder, spreading her butt cheek with her hand so my cock can dig even deeper into that wet snatch. I spread her cute little ass with my hands too, looking down on that sexy little asshole. So sexy!!! Her entire body is shivering as she cums, her ass cheeks are clenched together tightly, I feel a sudden rush of her pussy juice pouring down onto my balls. My step sister gets so into what she’s reading that she blocks out the outside world, how else would I be able to fuck her best friend right next to her, without her even noticing? I finish banging her and move away. A while later the girls ask me to give them a massage, but they make me turn so I can’t see them getting naked. The naked girls lie back down, with towels covering their young bodies and my stepsister tells me to start working her ass first! Her best friend must have told her! Man, it’s so hot playing with her ass! I’m rubbing her ass cheeks and even squeezing them a little! She begins to moan gently. I move on to her friend, and my stepsister watches me playing with her while she masturbates herself, spreading her legs wide open in front of us. I make the naked girls lie side by side on their backs spreading their legs wide open so I can play with her dripping wet pussies, it’s a really big turn on that now my stepsister has decided that she wants to participate in our sexy games. After finger fucking the girls they give me a shared blowjob, sucking and stroking my big hard cock, they look so fucking hot together! I take my place on the massage table and the girls take turns riding my face and my dick. There’s nothing better than fucking and eating pussy at the same time! Her sweet juices are pouring into my mouth. My cheeks and nose are being covered with her syrup as I just keep pounding her freind with my dick. I take turns fucking the both girls, enjoying their sweet pussies, titties, their cute asses and blasts hot cum all over their beautiful faces and their hot naked bodies! 