This girl might be small, but her appetite for my big hard cock was huge! I find her in the living room in her skimpy workout clothes and she tells me that she is just stretching; she’s trying to get herself stretched out! That’s so nasty! I know what she means, what she wants is to get her tight pussy all stretched out by my massive dick! I tell her that I have a big dick surprise for her and the horny teenager jumps on my lap, grinding her crotch and juicy bubble butt against my big throbbing bulge. She likes to feel it over my jeans, telling me how big it feels in my pants. The little slut pulls them down, rubbing it all over her cute face. My cock is so big that at first she can only fit about three inches of me in her little mouth. She pops it in her mouth and a push her head against my crotch, ramming it down her throat and feeling how she chokes and gags as her gag reflexes kick in, making her drool all over my dick and my balls. I love watching those thick ropes of saliva dripping down the sides of her mouth and chin and all over the floor. I continue fucking her mouth for a while, and she sucks and strokes my large meat pole like a good girl, trying her best to deep throat it even though she knows it’s nearly impossible to fit something so huge inside her tiny mouth. You have to give her points for trying! She straddles herself on top of my lap, pushing my hard cock deep inside her little pussy. Her little pussy is just screaming for a huge cock! Her small pussy is so tight. It is taking everything I can do hold back to keep from slamming the entire length of my huge cock to her tiny pussy at once. The tiny girl has to get used to my 11 inches. Sliding herself down onto my pole, she gets my huge cock deeper and deeper. She looks so sexy with her pussy lips stretching around my dick. The teen slut starts to slam her pussy to my cock, thrusting her hips to get more of it into her. This petite girl fucks my cock, now twisting her body to accept most of my big dick. She’s making that juicy bubble butt bounce up and down as she rides me in cowgirl position. She talks so fucking dirty, comparing riding my cock with sitting on a telephone pole, can you fucking believe that shit? Grabbing her by that juicy piece of ass I lift the naked girl up as a stand, pounding her wet mouth while she wraps her legs around my waist. Nothing better than her cute little ass meeting my thrusts. Her legs are still wrapped around me, my huge cock still buried deep inside of her vagina. I put her back on the couch, spreading her legs wide open and slamming her in missionary position.   The young naked girl massages her pussy while watching me fuck her so deep and so hard. My cock is so big that her pussy lips are stretched as it slides into her body. Faster and harder I fuck her, balls deep into her. She feels my orgasm building, and she wants to get back on top, this time with her ass facing my way, riding me in reverse cowgirl position. Each time she pushes down and my cock struck bottom, she cums. Over and over again she has orgasm. I feel her whole tiny body trembles and shakes as she continues to cum. This teen shouts for me to fuck her harder. I grab her from underneath her thighs and lift her up in midair again so I can keep fucking her standing. That’s the good thing about fucking tiny chicks like her, you can put these sluts in any fucking position you can come up with. I get her back into missionary, keeping her legs spread wide open while I plow her gushing pussy and a kiss her wet lips, tasting the salty saliva on her tongue, just a few seconds before I make her taste my salty cum as they spray it all over her face and body!