These to sexy girls, Eva and her sexy friend August are having some naughty lesbian make out fun while driving to her house on a nice day. They are all over each other, kissing and fondling their tits and pussies. Two super fine babes, love it! Unfortunately, August is driving too fast and the girls get pulled over by this officer. When he looks inside their vehicle he finds this sexy babe with her head buried between the driver’s legs, eating her girlfriend out! These babes didn’t even pull over because of him, they did it because they were fucking horny! When he tells the girls they have been bad, Eva dives back between August legs as she challenges him. He doesn’t like being challenged, so he whips out his big hard cock and gets ready to punish these naughty lesbian sluts! At the sight of his massive erection, 11 inches in length, August opens her mouth up wide, leaning through the driver’s window so she can suck and stroke the officer’s dick. Despite being lesbians, Eva gets terribly turned on whenever she watches her girlfriend eating a dick, slapping her juicy bubble butt and rubbing her wet slit. As Eva exits the vehicle her girlfriend pops her naked ass out of the window so the officer can ram his big hard cock deep inside her dripping wet pussy and fuck her very hard as Eva approaches him, caressing his body over his clothes and kissing his lips, tasting his tongue inside her wet mouth. The slut drops to her knees so she can suck and stroke his dick and they get back on the car. Eva’s girlfriend is on the wheel and she’s on the backseat with the police officer, sucking his dick until they all get back to their place, where the sexy naked girls crash on the couch for a hardcore threesome fuck. Eva continues latched onto his delicious member, stopping just so she can sit on his face and get her gushing pussy eaten out while her friend sits on his hard cock and rides it. He spreads her legs wide open and rams her muff and Eva masturbates her girlfriend while making out with her. He fucks one girl with the other licking his balls and after lots of nasty sex he blows his creamy load all over their beautiful faces and watches them licking it off each other. This scene is so great. These girls are so fucking sexy! I wish they both would have hung mouths, pussies, and asses out the car windows on the side of the road for 50% of the scene. If not the whole damn time. Maybe a 2nd cop or gawker pulls up and joins in. 