This hot couple comes back home after date night and catch up with their lovely babysitter, a sexy blonde teen doll. As the hot wife leaves to take a shower, the husband is left all alone with the beautiful babysitter. She’s wearing a sexy pink tank top and skimpy Daisy Dukes and she’s not letting pass the opportunity of having some alone time with her boss. It’s been so long since the last time she got to suck his cock! She gets down on her knees and starts jerking it while she stuffs her wet mouth with his hefty sausage. He’s trying to concentrate when his wife comes back inside the kitchen and he barely manages to cover the teen slut sucking his cock so she doesn’t see her from behind the kitchen counter. She’s actually looking for her, and he pretends not to know her whereabouts, despite the fact that she’s right beneath him. Yeah, that’s her, the blonde jerking his cock, LOL! While he’s trying to bullshit his wife, the girl keeps sucking his dick under the kitchen counter. Noticing her husband is a little bit stressed she invites him to join her in the shower and he says he will catch up with her. A couple of minutes after she leaves, her husband and the babysitter decide to check on her and they find her totally naked under the hot shower, soaping herself up while shamelessly masturbating. This turns them on, and they start making out right by the bathroom door. He lifts the teen girl up and cradles her in his arms, taking her back to the living room, where she sits her on his lap and makes her ride on his hard cock. Her face and body are beautiful and she shows how she loves to fuck. She knows how to suck & fuck, and she has a perfect face & body! This girl is beyond words! I would fuck her and play with her pussy and pretty tits, all night long. They are so concentrated fucking, they don’t notice his wife came out of the shower and is checking them out as they fuck. She should be pretty pissed off, but she’s fucking turned on! While she watches her husband and this young bitch fuck, she massages her big tits and keeps masturbating herself. When they realize she’s there, they freak out, but the MILF lets them know she liked watching them fucking and wishes to join them for a hot threesome fuck! The girls grab his big juicy cock and start sucking and stroking it together. His naked wife sits on his dick and lets it slide inside her, riding him hard while he makes out with the babysitter.   The young naked girl sits on his face so he can eat her out and the babysitter leans over so she can eat the wife’s wet muff. She straddles the blonde bitch back on top of her husband’s cock and watches him fucking her hard while she holds her! They put her in a plank, banging her in mid air and he fucks her cradled in his arms in reverse cowgirl while standing, with his wife on her knees sucking his dick too! This threesome is so hot it has to be seen to be believed. Their next dates will be indoors and fucking the babysitter together! Don’t miss more the hottest teens caught fucking in sneaky, risky and cheating scenes!