I’m a kinky guy, I keep tons of porn in my laptop and many sex toys in my drawers but when I walked into my bedroom after taking a shower, the last thing I expected to find was my sexy blonde stepsister totally naked and stuffing her asshole with one of my girlfriend’s butt plugs while watching my porn on my laptop! I tried to talk some sense into her, but instead of listening, my naked step sister reached over and started massaging my cock the towel covering my waist, giving me a huge erection! How could I not get one after seeing my own stepsister after fucking herself naked in my bed? My towel dropped to the floor as she took my big hard cock in her small hands and begin sucking and stroking it so hard and deep that I could feel her slick tongue wriggling all over my long shaft and my big balls. She stuffed my entire cock in her mouth, pushing it down her throat until it made her gag, drenching it with her warm saliva. After giving me head she said that she wanted me to fuck her ass! Can you believe this?! She got up on her hands and knees, her ass cheeks opened, letting me have better access to her tiny asshole. Dat booty just screamed a need for a bum hole fuck. I knelt down behind her and shoved my face between her beautiful ass cheeks. I ran my tongue up and down her ass crack, deep into her pussy and even into her ass. She was rubbing her hot little ass against my face, getting it wet for the upcoming ass fucking. I slipped more of my tongue into her small opening. She was getting plenty wet from my spit as I licked her ass, all the time pushing her ass back to me. I wanted to empty my nuts inside her ass so bad! I guided my dick to her little asshole and with a couple shoves pushed my cock-head past her anus sphincter. It was so tight and so good! I slowly picked up speed fucking her little ass with long strokes of my cock, she was in extacy! My horny step sister straddled herself on top of my lap, grabbing my throbbing boner and guiding it deep inside her tight ass so we could anal fuck with her in reverse cowgirl position. Man, having my cock inside my stepsister’s asshole was such an experience, she was so fucking tight! She spread her legs wide open and massaged her muff as she anal rode me. She finger fucked herself and I helped her out too, inserting a couple of digits into her gushing cunt as I pounded her ass. I spanked her juicy bubble butt, pressing her long legs together and plowing at her anal funnel. She got off so she could suck my cock, tasting her asshole on it before lying on her back and spreading her legs so I could butt fuck her in missionary. I grabbed her by her hair, pulling it while she masturbated herself with my Dick lodged inside her butt hole. I put her down on her hands and knees, enjoying the view of her juicy bubble butt as I fucked her ass doggie style from behind, with her massaging her wet snatch until I was ready to blow my cum right in her ass! 