My wife and I decided to hire a new nanny, and since we had some bad luck with the previous one, we set up a few hidden cameras around the house, something that she was obviously not aware of while I was interviewing her. Otherwise, she wouldn’t be rubbing my cock over my pants while telling me that apart from cooking and cleaning she could do anything I wanted her to. Of course she was getting me as hard as a rock and she knew it, so she unzipped my pants, grabbing my cock and starting to stroke it with her soft hands. Her palms were gently stroking my boner and I thought I would cum right then, of course I hired her on the spot! This young lady is perfect. I really like these 18 year old slim girls! Her body is tall and slender, long legs, cute ass, her hair long and beautiful, her personality playful and naughty. But it didn’t take long for the cameras to capture her stealing some stuff from our drawers and masturbating herself in our living room with my wife’s sex toys! Can you believe that shit? I decided to use this evidence to my advantage and while my wife was not around, I visited our nanny in her room, to see if she wanted to give me something more than just a handjob. The teen girl started making up some really lame excuses, and that’s when I told her about the hidden cameras and all the dirt I had on her. It was enough not just to get her fired, but to make her spend a nice season in jail. Of course this changed her mind and the sexy girl got busy sucking and stroking my cock while I played with her nice tits. She was looking straight into my eyes, pounding my cock with her mouth and throat. Her tongue was like silk as it licked and moved over my shaft! Her sweet lips were wrapped around my shaft, sucking it into the back of her mouth. Oh fuck! As she ate my cock I grabbed her head, pushing it against my crotch, ramming my throbbing erection deep down her throat and making her choke and gag on it. After all, she deserved getting mouth fucked, dirty stealing bitch! I stripped her naked and spread her legs wide open on the bed, diving between her legs and eating her wonderful pussy. I couldn’t stop licking her, her pussy was so wet, sweet, smooth and extra sensitive. My lips wrapped the sensitive flesh, sucking her clit into my mouth. Now she wanted my hot hard dick deep into her cunt! I stabbed her cunt with my hard cock, fucking her in missionary position. I grabbed her by the neck while fucking her as rough as I could, noticing how much this shit turned her on. Her juices were flowing from her adorable pussy. I grabbed her neck and began a rhythmic pounding pulling out and slamming back into her cunt with a force that she screamed in pleasure. Her naked body quivered and I felt her pussy clinch my cock. I knew for sure this teen girl was having an orgasm. Smiling, the young naked girl straddle herself on top, slowly lowered herself, impaling her pussy on my cock. My hands explored her ass and her perky tits. This slut made me moan with the way she rode me, nice and deep, fast and then slow, it was something incredible! She made that juicy bubble butt bounce up and down on my lap as she rode me in cowgirl position. I flipped her over, making her ride in reverse cowgirl while I reached and played with those delicious titties, feeling how hard her nipples were getting as she took my long dick all the way in. I put our naked nanny down on her hands and knees, pounding her pink pussy doggy style from behind while she looked over her shoulder and begged me not to stop fucking her. I fucked her in all positions and finally pulled out of her hot snatch and blew my creamy load all over her face, her open mouth and her smoking body!   Nanny Spy is where the sexiest and sluttiest teen babysitters are exposed and confronted by their bosses! Watch these highly qualified nannies and babysitters get caught slacking off on the job. Husband and wife punish their thieving nanny, the girls caught and fucked hard, the young girls get a taste of real dick, sleeping nanny gets creampied… To save their jobs, these sluts are confronted with having to perform sexual favors in order to save their babysitter gigs. That’s okay, these dirty little sluts love sucking and stroking hard cocks, getting their dripping wet pussies pounded hard and licked and swallowing huge loads of hot and sticky cum after they have been caught on camera. Cum watch the hottest nannies getting fucked hard and enjoying every minute!