Knowing she would be home alone, I sneaked into my sexy girlfriend’s house hoping to get a blowjob from her. She’s a sexy blonde and a fun her lying on her bed in a hot pink mesh leotard. Mmmmm, she looked so sexy. She knew what I wanted, but she was worried, since her stepmom can be home any minute. I convinced her anyway, but as soon as she got on her knees and was ready to get started, we heard her stepmom from downstairs! The fact that she screamed “Are you ready for me, little girl?” really threw me off. What the fuck did that mean? However, my girlfriend panicked and made me hide in the closet. What I witnessed next totally blew me away! Her stepmom is a drop dead gorgeous redhead cougar with big tits and a hot body. She was wearing a sexy blue dress that hugged every curve in her mature body. She sat on the bed next to my girl, placed her hand over her breasts and started fondling them! WTF!?! As she kissed her neck, my girl looked at me, but pretty soon she was stuffing her mouth with her stepmom’s nipples, sucking on them while fondling her big tits! Man, my girlfriend was having hot lesbian sex with her very own stepmom and I was getting hard as a fucking rock in the closet! Her stepmom stripped down to her garter belt and stockings and made my girlfriend eat her out! Then she got down on her hands and knees and my girl rimmed her asshole! This sexy mom loves young girls to lick her butthole so my girlfriend did it to her, licking her cunt and her ass too. She was licking her asshole like mad, making the naked woman quake and shiver from an orgasm. Her mom even twerked her ass, rubbing her ass crack all over my gf’s tongue! Watching two naked girls fucking each other’s butts with their tongue was so hot! Her stepmom put her on her back, spread her legs wide open and started eating her out! Big titty milfs was fucking my girl! Just when I thought this couldn’t get any hotter, the cougar whipped out a huge strap on cock, strapping it around her waist and using it to fuck my girlfriend’s pussy! My girl had her legs behind her head, getting her clit fingered by her stepmom while she pegged her! Man, I knew I wanted to get a blowjob, while watching my sexy girlfriend having hot lesbian sex with her stepmom was so much better! After making her cum, her stepmom got up and left, not before telling me that next time I would join them! 