We have a little bit of a situation with our roomie, a sexy blonde babe, who refuses to stop smoking in the house no matter how many times we have called her attention about it. Personally, I ran out of options but my girl figures out that she should put her mouth to better use! While I watching them, she grabs our blonde roommate and takes off her top, exposing her big beautiful tits as she shoves her tongue in her mouth and the girls start making out like crazy! This is so fucking hot! My girl takes the blonde to her bedroom, lying down on her bed and spreading her legs wide open so she can put her mouth to much better use by eating out her dripping wet pussy! The blonde keeps my girl’s legs spread as she fucks her cunt with her wet tongue and I whip out my hard cock so she can suck and stroke it. While eating my cock, my girl keeps telling me how bad she wants me to fuck our blonde roommate. What a turn on! First, she puts her to suck my cock too, drooling all over it as I ram it down her throat. My girl is passing her soft hands all over her hot naked body, caressing her juicy bubble butt and fondling her big tits. Our naked roomie spreads her ass cheeks wide open as I rammed my hard cock deep inside her gushing cunt and start fucking her very hard from behind. The feeling of a new pussy wrapped around my cock is amazing. While I am fucking her, she’s eating out my girlfriend’s pussy. Lying on her belly, I push her against the mattress while fucking her from behind with my girl sitting on the small of her back and me finger fucking her cunt. Then I lie on my back so my girl can squat over my cock and ride me in cowgirl position with the sexy blonde roommate making out with her and grabbing her tits while she watches me fucking her. Then two naked girls get into a 69, with my girlfriend on top and me fucking her pussy while she’s eating out our roommate. The roomie is licking her clit in return and my balls too. They are rolling around all over her cute face! I try holding off my orgasm! I don’t want this epic threesome to end! The hot teens keep riding my dick and I keep fucking their pink pussies and finally I blow my creamy load all over both of the naked girls. Holy fuck this was beyond amazing! She promises to stop smoking if we promise to keep fucking her! 