I was walking right by my neighbor’s house when I caught a glimpse of her across her living room window. As usual, she was working out on her treadmill, so I did not pay much attention at first. I was just admiring that smoking hot body of hers, wearing her sexy tank top and skimpy shorts, when all of the sudden, with one swift move, she took off her top and continued running topless on her treadmill with her big tits coming out. Watching those big all natural tits bouncing up and down as she ran gave me one hell of a hard on. When the sexy blonde babe looked towards the window she noticed her next-door neighbor is spying on her and jerking off to her big tits! Busted! I had no idea how to get out of this situation, fumbling through my words, I mentioned something stupid, like my wife having the same treadmill model as she, and that’s when she asked if I could help her use the different controls. Of course I helped her out and pretty soon she was pressing that juicy bubble butt back up against my crotch and feeling my hard cock sinking into the crack of her ass over her skimpy shorts! She was a sexy ass babe from top to bottom! I guess she was as turned on as I was from watching her exercising topless. She pulled her top up again, this time grabbing my hands and placing them firmly over her big tits so I could feel them as she dropped to her knees, grabbing my big hard cocks in her hands, sucking and stroking it. We both stripped naked and I laid on my back over her treadmill as she leaned over, spitting all over my hard dick and squatting over it, letting it sink inside her hot pussy. She sat down onto me and I was buried so deep inside her vagina. She began to slowly ride back and forth, up and down on my cock, then faster and higher. My naked neighbor began bouncing faster on my prick, rubbing my balls with her hands as she rode me. The naked babe was riding me in cowgirl position while I massaged those big tits and felt her hard nipples between my fingertips. I rubbed her clit and watched her fun bags bouncing up and down, what a view! The prettiest pussy I have ever seen!!! She sucked my dick some more and popped back inside her snatch and then I fucked her sideways against her living room couch. I spread her legs and banged her in missionary position while massaging her big tits and after she rode my dick in reverse cowgirl position I was ready to cum all over her tits and ass! 