I told my stepsister I was going to be coming back home late from classes today, but one of my teachers failed to show up, so I got back home earlier than expected, so I was treated to quite an interesting view when, peeking through the living room windows, I saw my beautiful stepsister totally naked on the living room couch and masturbating herself with one of her vibrators. She looked so fucking hot and was so into it, I just couldn’t help knocking on the windows to let her know I was watching her playing with her pussy. Can you believe she chased me totally naked all over the pool and patio of our house? She finally caught me when I got back inside the house and dropped on one of the couches, totally out of air. My step sister jumped on me, totally naked. She was definitely turned on by the fact that I saw her getting herself off, and she climbed on top of me and pushed her pussy against my face. My tongue slid between her moist pussy lips right in her vagina! Her pussy was so wet, and it tasted so good. I began to lick up and down her swollen pussy lips. I could feel her pussy spasming with each touch of the tip of my tongue against her sensitive clit. All her girlfriends shave their pussies and her untrimmed pubic patch looked so fucking hot, I was lapping up her juices with my tongue! My cock was still hard as a rock, so she unzipped my jeans and took hold of it, popping it into her mouth for a wet blowjob, sucking and stroking my member and licking my balls, drenching my junk with her drool. I couldn’t believe this was actually happening! One thing is catching your stepsister naked or masturbating, another thing is having her suck your dick. One way or another, she gave delicious head, so I just kicked back and let her do her thing. After deep throating my member, she straddled herself on my lap, squatting over my dick as I slapped her pussy with it, her juicy bubble butt facing my way. I impaled her on my cock, making her hot naked body bounce up and down in reverse cowgirl position. Yes, I was, indeed, banging my very own step sister. If our stepparents would have walked in on us in that moment, I assure you they would have not been very proud of us, LOL! My slutty stepsister rubbed her pussy and squeezed her big tits while taking my dick inside her. Her cunt felt so hot and slippery and, with each thrust, I could feel the stirrings of another orgasm. Fucking her felt so incredible! Up and down, up and down, she was sliding herself up and down my dick harder and harder, getting the full length of my excited dick inside of her wet, squishy tunnel. Increasing the tempo her pussy slapped against my balls. “OH faster…faster, fuck me”  my balls were covered with her juices. Sweat was pouring down her naked body, as I put my naked sister on her back, spreading her legs wide open and fucking that delicious clam in missionary position.   She pulled her legs up so that her knees almost touched her big tits. My horny step sister urged me to keep fucking her hard, a dirty look on her face as she played with her clit and felt my big fat cock thrusting in and out of her pink clam. Now that I was in control, I was sliding the full length of my rigid shaft in and out of her wet cunt with long, hard strokes. She pinched her nipples with her fingers and pulled on them as I fucked her, then she straddled herself back on top, this time riding me in cowgirl position and pressing her sweaty body against my own, letting me fill her up with my big dick until I was ready to blow my load. She begged me to come all over her face, swallowing my cum and licking it off my dick and balls!