I just love fucking tiny chicks but this sexy blonde is the smallest girl I have ever met and I couldn’t wait to fuck the tightest pussy ever! I invited her back to my place after a coffee date and she just started bouncing up and down on my couch as if it was a trampoline. I didn’t mind because she looked fucking hot doing it. I bet she would also look fucking hot while I was doing her! I finally got her to sit down and I asked her to take off her pink lacy top so I could see what she had underneath. Fuck, those titties were like tiny right lemons just waiting to be squeezed. She wanted to show me some of her skills, wrapping her legs around my neck and pushing her petite body up and down while I stood up. Impressive. Every time she got up she gave me a kiss, cute and hot, but I wanted her lips on another part of my body, so she dropped to her knees, grabbing my big throbbing erection in her hands, sucking and stroking it. Damn, my cock looked so fucking huge next to her! Tiny as she was, she still managed to deep throat my sausage all the way down to the base, thick ropes of saliva dripping from the sides of her lips and all over my dick. I lied flat on my back and she sat on my lap, squatting on my dick and pushing it inside her ultra tight pussy with her juicy bubble butt facing my way as she rode me in reverse cowgirl position. Man, her pussy was definitely the tightest I ever fucked in my life! The feeling of her little pussy squeezing my cock was amazing! She could hardly take it all in, squirming and baiting for breath with every inch. At one point I such was going to fucking faint, but she pulled through, so I put her down on her hands and knees, rammed my cock deep inside her cunt and fucked her hard doggie style from behind. I held her tight by her shoulder blades and the small of her neck, pushing her against the couch as I pounded that tight cunt and stretched it out with my massive erection. The feeling of her young teen pussy spasm and pulsate around me was so good, I buried my cock deeper and deeper inside her. Grabbing her by that juicy piece of ass I lifted the tiny naked girl up as a stand, pounding her wet pussy while she wrapped her legs around my waist. I was pounding into her with all my strength. As I thrusted in her little cunt my balls were slapping against her ass. She was screaming from her orgasm! At the end I blow hot and sticky cum all over her beautiful body and sexy face! Her face was a just a cum dump.   These small teens never imagined dicks so big and loads this thick could fit in them! If your dream babe is a young, tiny, hot and sexy teen, it’s pretty likely you will find her right here, the #1 hardcore teen porn site all around the world! Check out more amazing amateur videos with young teens getting exposed for the first time in front of the cameras, swallowing huge cocks, stretching out their little pussies, getting their small cunts destroyed by the biggest cocks ever and finally taking huge loads of cum on their pretty faces or deep in their vaginas! THIS IS LIKE NOTHING YOU’VE SEEN BEFORE!