This beautiful babe finds herself in a conundrum, she has been dating to super hot guys and now she needs to pick a keeper and discard the other but she just can’t choose between these two boyfriends so she invites them over to her place so she can compare their dicks and make her choice. Instead of inviting them one by one, she figures out it will be much more fun, competitive and kinky to have them over at the same time. When they arrive she receives them wearing nothing but thigh high, high heeled boots and they get it on right away! The naked girl finds herself sandwiched between them, kissing them while they grope and fondle her body, her beautiful ass, her tits and her lovely pussy. She drops to her knees, eager to suck and stroke their rock hard erections. Both cocks are so big, juicy, hard and thick, it’s impossible to pick one based on looks alone. She will have to put them to the test! While she’s jerking one of them, she’s sucking the other one, then they take control, ramming their cocks down her throat, fucking her mouth, making her drool all over their dicks and their balls as she chokes and gags on them. Going for the kill, one of them throws her on the couch, putting her body sideways and spreading her legs wide open. He doesn’t even bother with her pussy, he just rams his hard cock deep inside her gaping asshole and starts anally pounding her. She likes his initiative! While he rubs her muff and stretches out her butt hole, the other guy pushes his dick inside her mouth. She straddles herself on top of the guy fucking her ass, moving his dick to her pussy and riding him in cowgirl position while the other guy starts fucking her asshole doggie style from behind. Now she’s getting double penetrated, feeling those two big dicks inside her at the same time rubbing one against the other against the thin wall that separates her pussy from her asshole drives her totally insane. They put her hands behind the small of her back so she can’t move while they turn her into a human fucked doll. She loves it! They flip their girlfriend over and she feels both huge cocks plunging into her pussy and ass once again. They hardly even give her time to catch up with her breathing as they sandwich her. One of the guys take the lead, fucking her asshole doggie style from behind on the floor, then fucking her anally in missionary on the couch. He even slaps her face, now that’s kinky. The other guy joins in, she expects to feel his cock invading her pussy, but he surprises her when he rams it deep inside her asshole, already filled by the other cock, double penetrating her anally! This is what she needed to make her choice, why keep one cock when she can enjoy both? The horny slut moans at the feeling of her ass being filled with two dicks. Double penetrating her ass and cunt was amazing, but it is nothing compared to the feeling of being double penetrated anally with two cocks. As her anus is stretched wider and wider, she feels an orgasm build deep within her pussy (or in her ass?) “FUUCCCKKKK!!!!” They fuck her ass hard and fast and she is screaming from pain and pleasure.   Are you looking for the best hardcore porn? The best porn models? The creziest teens? How hard do you really like it? Welcome to HardX! It is your chance to get today’s top hardcore HD porn. Exclusive gangbang, hardcore anal, anal creampies and double penetration videos, face fucking, the best blowbangs and deepthroat scenes! These guys bring you the hottest young girls, titty fucking MILFs, big booty teens, hot Latinas and ebony girls. You’ve never seen hardcore porn videos like this before! The girls love it real, they love it rough, and they want to show you their best sex skills. Insane fucking is the theme of this website so get ready to satisfy your appetite for rough sex. Nothing is off limits for these crazy sluts so don’t make the girls wait any longer!