This beautiful business-savvy MILF runs a bang and breakfast out of her home, and this backpacking college dude arrives to check in for the weekend. She introduces him to her lovely stepdaughter, a skinny, tall mega babe that takes him to his room. She’s wearing a sexy blue tank top and the skimpiest of miniskirts, he can actually see her cotton panties underneath them as she walks. Once settled in his room the hot teen makes him feel at home by stripping naked in front of him. She has a drop dead gorgeous body that makes his cock as hard as a rock. She is serious dirty young eye candy. Amazing ass, sexy legs, sexy feet, perfect tits and cute face. This teen girl has about the most perfect pussies you’ll ever see. She gets behind him and starts massaging him, rubbing the throbbing bulge between his legs and kneeling before him, pulling his pants down and exposing his delicious full blown erection. She sucks and strokes his juicy cock while licking his balls. She sucks each nut taking it gently into her wet mouth. It doesn’t take long for her beautiful cougar stepmom to come in to check on them, make sure their guest is feeling at home, and join the teens for a sizzling hot threesome fuck. The MILF starts kissing his lips while her stepdaughter is giving him head. Then she gets on her knees and joins her, sucking his hard cock while her stepdaughter takes care of his balls. These girls show great blowjob skills! The way these two naked girls suck his hard dick, sliding it between their mouths, touching his cock head with their tongues will have you at a loss for words. Great girls, real breasts and no tatts. They could have been sisters… The naked girls help him get naked as they continue giving him a hot double blowjob and handjob combo. The hot mom and step daughter make him lie down on the bed and the cougar firmly holds his hard cock as her stepdaughter straddles herself on top of his lap, pushing it inside her so she can ride him in cowgirl position. The young naked girl moves her pelvis in a slow motion, pulling and pushing his dick in and out, sliding her wet pussy lips back and forth on it and caressing his balls with her hand. She is so hot! Her tits are perfect, not too big, not too small, 100% real and super shapely! Her stepmother massages her breasts and her dripping wet cunt while watching her fucking with their guest. The naked woman grabs his big juicy sausage and sucks it hard, tasting her stepdaughter’s pussy on it. The beautiful girl continues riding on his dick while getting her pussy stimulated by her stepmom’s expert fingers. The backpacking dude gets so fucking hard watching the girls kiss and make out like hot lesbian sluts, despite the fact that they are almost mother and daughter. The naked woman lies on her back and spreads her legs wide open so she can get her tight muff fucked in missionary position by his big throbbing member while her step daughter gets down on her hands and knees on top of her. This way, he can alternate between fucking the stepmom in missionary and her hot stepdaughter doggie style from behind, both pussies.   The horny cougar gets down on her hands and knees, she wants him doggie style fucking from the young man too, while her stepdaughter spreads her legs before her and she eats out her dripping wet pussy. Using her mouth and hands, she makes her very own stepdaughter cum hard while the young man is banging her cunt from behind. Would you like to experience this superior bang and breakfast? These girls will take care of your dick and pleasure you for as long as possible. They ride his dick until he blows his hot and creamy spunk all over their naked bodies and slutty faces! He’s definitely going to be recommending their bang and breakfast to all his college friends! Don’t miss more amazing threesomes with hot MILFS and hot teens!