I was chilling in my bedroom when I heard some loud moaning sounds coming from my stepsister’s bedroom and since the door was open I sneaked a peek and so my beautiful brunette stepsister naked and playing with her big tits and her hairy pussy while having phone sex with her boyfriend! I had never seen her like this before and I was getting so fucking hard! The shape of her boobs looked so perfect, she kept caressing her pink nipples. My naked step sister was just digging her fingers into her wet pussy, squeezing those big tits and I kept getting closer and closer because I didn’t want to miss a single detail. When she realized I was there she stopped, staring straight at the big throbbing bulge under my jeans. She told me to sit by her side, pulling my jeans down and lifting my jersey, totally in awe as she saw how big and hard my young cock was from watching her masturbating. I guess he had no idea her stepbrother was so well endowed but her face said it all, she was definitely surprised, amazed, delighted and satisfied with what she saw! Since her boyfriend was not around but I was, she got down on her hands and knees right next to me on her bed and began sucking and stroking my throbbing erection. Man, just feeling her wet lips and tongue on the tip of my dick sent tingles up and down my spine. I couldn’t believe this was actually happening! My elder step sister gave me a delicious blowjob, jerking my cock, spitting all over it, deep throating it all the way down to my balls. She told me she wanted to see if I was as good giving head as I was receiving it, making me lie down on her bed and sitting on my face so I could eat out her dripping wet snatch. I nestled my nose in her pubic hair and reached out with my tongue to taste her pussy. Her taste, the feel of pubic against my face, her pussy lips and her clit in my mouth, it was amazing. She rode my face, quickly moving her quivering cunt over my mouth. She came in my mouth filling it with hot pussy juices. I enjoyed fucking that pink pussy burger with my tongue to the point that it was aching by the time she slid down my body, straddling herself on top and pushing my hard cock deep inside her muff, riding me in cowgirl position. She wiggled her juicy bubble butt while softly caressing my balls, flipping into reverse cowgirl. Her perfect body bounced on my lap, her soaking cunt gripped my dick and her big tits bounced in front of my face. I played with her clit and fucked her in missionary position, pulling out just in time to blow my load, spraying hot spunk all over her big tits! 