This sexy brunette girl is all alone in the middle of the woods doing some bird watching, one her binoculars show her a different type of bird, a sexy lumberjack chopping some wood. That’s so sexy and manly, it makes her young pussy tingle under her cotton panties. She hasn’t fucked many men before, and this would be her very first lumberjack and she would love to cross this profession of her sex bucket list. While she keeps observing him, she pulls down her denim shorts and panties, masturbating herself. Playing with pussy is definitely more fun than watching silly birds all day long! Since she’s watching him through her binoculars, she doesn’t realize he’s much closer then she thought. She trips while trying to pull her shorts back up before he approaches her and hardly manages to zipper up as he comes her way. She asks the lumberjack if he can show her around and he agrees, going as far as showing her his favorite tree. As she hugs that tree, she feels his hands all over her body, pulling her shorts back down her thighs and exposing her delicious bubble shaped ass and dripping wet pussy burger. The hot teen can feel his strong hands all over her ass and his lips kissing her butt cheeks. Then she feels his tongue licking her wet slit and wriggling inside her cunt, making her moan with lust and desire. He immediately begins lapping away, running his tongue up and down her pussy, up and down her ass crack, moving his tongue from her asshole to her sensitive clit, spreading her ass cheeks wide open. You will definitely love this scene if you like giving oral to a girl, tasting her pussy. After eating her out it’s her turn to suck and stroke his massive stump! It’s so big and hard, the lumberjack fucks her throat, stuffing her mouth with that thick rod that makes her drool. The size of his dick would be the envy of any girl. She bends over, spreads her cute ass to show him wonderful soaking wet pussy. Her pussy is small and tight and begging for a hard cock and her moans of desire are his cue that he can’t stand waiting any longer. He comes closer and inserts his cock into her vagina very slowly. His cock fills her up perfectly and she can’t help but moan. He starts pounding her from behind, slamming his body against her ass, driving his cock deep between her thighs, balls deep in her little cunt. She grabbs his cock and begins suck it like mad, swallowing her own cunt juicies greedily. The sexy girl strips totally naked and leans against a rock, getting a leg up at the lumberjack rams his massive erection deep inside her gushing pussy and they fuck in standing position. She massages her clam while getting fucked, then she drops to her knees again.   The young naked girl needs to suck his big hard cock and taste her pussy on it. The lumberjack forces his cock down her throat, making her choke and gag on it. She gets back up, still jerking his dick, kissing his mouth so he can taste his own cock on it, that’s kind of kinky! She leans back against the rock, raising her leg so the lumberjack can continue fucking her cunt while she plays with herself. He lies flat on his back and she straddles herself on top, squatting over his member and pushing it inside her, riding the lumberjack in reverse cowgirl position. The hot teen continues sucking his cock and he makes her stand and lean over the rock, penetrating and fucking her from behind. Now she understands the meaning of the phrase “stuck between a rock and a hard place”, what a wonderful place to be! After fucking her brains out, the horny lumberjack blows his creamy load all over her face, her open mouth and her hot body! Just take a look at these sexy teens! With a massive video collection that covers many different porn niches as well as a huge number of young models, this website is something for everyone here who love teen porn.