How about with a little bit of amateur anal sex? Yesterday my sexy blonde GF and I started getting silly with one of her big rubber cocks she likes to play with once in a while. She started getting really turned on as I rubbed the toy all over her body, showing me her beautiful tits and her dripping wet snatch. She got me into bed, pulling down on my pants, sucking and stroking my cock with a dirty look on her face. She looked so hot deep throating my sausage all the way down to my balls. She got of the bed and onto the floor, done on her knees and placing her rubber cock against the wall, attached to it by its suction cup, this way she could fuck herself with her toy while giving me head. So fucking hot and nasty! My girl lifted my cock, jerking it while she sucked on my balls. Then she straddled herself on top, sitting on my lap and pushing her cunt onto my hard cock, riding me in cowgirl position. She was squatting on my boner and her eyes were practically going blank with how fucking turned on she was, pulling her red tank top over her tits, her nipples puffy and fully erect. She pulled my cock out of her cunt. I could see it was soaking wet with her juices. She grabbed it and sucked it some more, drooling all over it and getting down on her hands and knees as I pounded her gushing muff doggy style from behind. As I slid my cock up and down the crack of her ass and over her delicious little asshole I suggested we could try some backdoor stuff and to my delight, she was turned on enough to let me make a little bit of amateur anal sex with her! Finally! I gently pushed my dick and felt her tight asshole slowly and gradually stretching out, penetrating her inch by inch until my thick rod was inside her cute little ass! She was squirming! I had never been inside her ass before and she felt so fucking tight as I fucked her anally from behind. She loved it and flipped over, begging me to drill her little asshole in missionary position while she played with her slit. SO good, her anus was so incredibly tight around my hard dick.  I fucked her ass sideways from behind and came all over her and now we do anal all the time! Loving it! 