This girl is having a sleep over with her hot brunette best friend and the teens are just having some innocent fun in her bed, a pillow fight, when her brother comes in, asking her to keep it down, since he has to wake up very early to go to work. His sister is deeply sorry for this, but her friend is focused on something else, she’s watching that hot bulge between his legs, throbbing softly underneath his boxers. The hot teen still thinking about it in the middle of the night and it makes her wake up soaking wet. Wearing a sexy, lace baby doll, she sneaks into her friend’s brother’s bedroom and finds him masturbating himself in bed while watching some hard-core porn on his laptop. His cock looks so fucking engorged! When he sees he’s not alone he tries to hide his junk, but she tells him not to do that on account of her, she wants to see it more closely and play with it. The girl starts touching and kissing it over his boxers, feeling how his dick throbs so hard in reaction to her sensual manipulations. This makes her pussy tingle and get so fucking wet. She can’t resist sucking and fucking her best friend’s brother! She pulls his boxers down and admires that big, beautiful cock, fully erect and glistening precum at its tip. His cock is so huge! She stretches out her wet, pink tongue and starts licking the tip, allowing her tongue to slide down his hard shaft and play with his big balls. She tries to deep throat his member, gagging and choking as he pushes her head against his crotch. When her friend sleeps, this teen slut fucks her mouth, ramming his dick down her throat, making herself drool all over his cock. Holy fuck.. She’s hot and she takes it like a fucking champ! She is such a sweet little thing. You dick will get hard just looking at her cute face. She quickly takes off her pajamas and her panties, and throws them away. Fully naked the girl spreads her legs wide open, waiting his tongue in her pussy. Admiring her gaping asshole and parted pink slit he shoves his tongue into her butt and tosses her salad. He munches on her pussy, sucking her clit and licking her slit. She spreads her lips for him and the head of his dick is touching her wet opening already. This girl is now so wet that her little cunt leaks with her juices. His cock is so hard now, he is pushing his big fat cock deep inside her gushing clam and fucking her hard. He passes his hands all over her sweaty naked body and her nice tits while fucking her. He shoves his fingers in her wet mouth so she can suck them and presses her body against his own. With every thrust the head of his cock rubs against the inside of her vagina, running from the entrance, past her clit and then as deep as he can go.   The young naked girl straddles herself on top and rides on his dick in cowgirl position, making her big ass bounce up and down on his lap. She squats over it and keeps riding, she’s a perverted little slut that gets turned on getting fucked by her best friend’s brother while she’s sleeping in the other room. They get into a 69, with her on top, getting her dripping wet pussy tongue fucked by her friend’s brother while she sucks and strokes his delicious member and drenches it with her drool. Oh, there is nothing better 69, giving oral and receiving at the same time. He fucks this hot teen in reverse cowgirl, fucks her outstretched tongue and slams her doggy style from behind. She’s drenched in sweat by the time he blows his load, adding a thick layer of hot and sticky cum over her skin!