That’s what a perfect bubble butt looks like!!! I just hired a new nanny, a smoking hot brunette babe with a drop dead gorgeous body and big tits and on her very first day I walked in and found her naked on our couch! Can you believe that shit? While I asked her what the fuck she had done all day since the house was a total mess the naked girl just started playing with her big tits and quite frankly that shit turned me on, and she told me there were other things she could do for me and definitely make it up to me. Well, I was looking forward to that! She grabbed my hands and put them over her big breasts. Man, they were gorgeous, big and firm, with perky erect nipples crowning them. I wanted to fuck this slut right then! She unbuckled and unzipped my jeans, pleasantly surprised with how big and hard she had got my cock, as she gently stroked it into full erection with her soft hands, dropping to her knees and spitting all over it. She masturbated me with both hands while sucking the tip of my dick and I grabbed her face with both hands and fucked her mouth, ramming my cock down her throat. U rubbed her tits and she sucked my balls and I thought I would cum just by his sucking. She sat back on the couch, spreading her legs wide open and showing me how she likes to play with her pussy, rubbing and massaging it softly. Then the naked nanny bent over on the couch, wiggling her delicious bubble shaped ass, passing her fingers up and down her ass crack and her wet slit. I didn’t need any more prompting. I put her down on her hands and knees and push my hard cock deep inside her wet muff, right between her big buttocks, fucking her doggie style from behind. Her juicy bubble ass was simply flawless and she kept pushing it back up against my cock as I fucked her. Of course I spanked it, then I got on my back and let her straddle herself on top, her big tits bouncing up and down as she rode me in cowgirl position. The feelings from her hot cunt and the sight of her big round tits bouncing wildly were awesome. She was played with her tits and squeezed her nipples. She flipped over, riding me in reverse, making circles in the air with that juicy bubble butt, twerking and grinding it against my Dick until I was ready to blow my load. I enjoyed cumming inside her and leaving a sticky creampie oozing from her beautiful pussy. 