While playing with her smart phone on the living room couch, this beautiful brunette teen notices that whenever her mom wants to go shopping all she does is sit on her stepdad’s lap and he gives her his credit card and never complains about any spending she does. The sexy teenage girl wants to have a card to go shopping too, so she lets her handsome step father know that she wants to have a talk with him and cleverly sits on his lap while doing so. She’s wearing a sexy tank top and her skimpiest ripped denim shorts and while she casually rubs and grinds her juicy bubble butt against his lap, she can feel his big throbbing member digging into the crack of her ass. Yes, her butt is definitely giving her stepdad a big hard-on, she loves it! It feels so fucking dirty and nasty! He whips out his cock and she’s amazed with how big and thick it is, no wonder her mom married him! Without thinking twice, she pops it in her mouth and starts sucking and stroking it, feeling it getting even bigger and harder inside her wet mouth. After giving him head, she strips naked and gets down on her hands and knees, feeling that delicious dick slowly penetrating her from behind, stretching out her pink pussy lips and filling her up. In a matter of minutes, she’s pumping that juicy bubble butt back up against her step daddy’s cock like a dirty little fuck slut! She jumps on him in reverse cowgirl, smiles and rides his dick like a champ. She is rubbing her tits across his chest, twerking her ass and knowing that her step father will like that. He flips the naked girl over like a flapjack, spreading her legs wide open and ramming his cock deep inside her snatch, pounding her in missionary position. He has her placed sideways, with her legs together, making her pussy even tighter as he throttles her so hard with his fuck stick. She never imagined she would get so fucking turned on by getting fucked by her very own step daddy. At the beginning this was just the way for her to get a shopping card and by all the nice clothes, lingerie and sex toys she wants so bad, but now it’s also about getting to enjoy her stepdad’s fabulous cock. After all, she can wear the sexy outfits and lingerie for him before he fucks her hard and cums all over his very own stepdaughter! 