When I found out that this beautiful Internet celebrity was staying in the same hotel as I was, I just couldn’t resist spying on her since the moment I caught her walking down the street in a sexy, skimpy red bikini. She looked so fucking hot! I was blown away when I saw her enter the very hotel where I was staying, even more upon realizing that we were staying in the same floor! She left her room door slightly open and I could see her getting naked as she changed into some sexy lingerie and started playing with herself! Man, I think this girl is an exhibitionist and she left the door open on purpose! So fucking hot! She is so beautiful, probably the most beautiful woman I have ever met or will ever meet. Her titties so perky, long slim body, sexy legs, tiny waist and cute little buns. I was looking at her perfect naked ass and inviting hairless pussy. When she looked up and saw me she was a bit shocked at first, perhaps she didn’t actually think somebody would be watching here, but with a naughty smile on her face, she invited me inside to join her in her sexy games. She saw that I was looking at her beautiful pussy and it must have turned her on. The sexy babe made me lay down on her bed and get naked, admiring my throbbing erection as she crawled between my legs, taking it in her soft hands. She started licking my dick, looking me in the eye, smiling as she moved up and down my shaft. Gently the hot girl took the head of my dick in her little mouth, sucking and stroking it with her eyes locked on mine! I couldn’t believe this was actually happening! This was the fan boy’s wet dream cum true! She made loud sucking sounds as she deep throated my dick all the way down to my balls. She did it effortlessly, enjoying the look on my face as she push my cock deep down her throat, hardly gagging. Then the naked babe straddled herself on top and I admired her fine toned body and big tits as she pushed my big dick inside her tight cunt. The head of my cock slip between her pussy lips, they were wet and throbbing as my cock entered her. She started riding me in cowgirl position, moving her hips in a circular motion, grinding her ass against my penis and belly, smiling and moaning. This young girl is hot and knows how to suck and fuck! I could feel her pussy tightened around my cock, contracting from an orgasm. Man, that was so fucking hot, she almost made me cum on the spot! She got back on top and kept riding my Dick, then I took her over the counter by the window and spread her legs wide open, fucking her hard and hoping the people passing by could see me fucking this hot internet celeb!   OMG she was so hot! We kissed passionately as my big throbbing erection filled up her dripping wet clam and she played with her clit, letting me know that fan boys were usually a drag but my big hard cock was definitely a treat and she couldn’t wait to feel my hot cum sprayed all over her face! The sexy babe told me she wanted me to fuck her doggie style from behind so I put her down on her hands and knees and ran my cock back inside that hot snatch, plowing her hard as she looked over her shoulder with a big smile on her sexy face. She told me to stay still and she started pushing her juicy bubble butt back up against my cock while twerking and grinding it. Man, this hot internet celebrity sure made a lifelong fan out of me! She grabbed my dick and began sucking and strocking it with both hands, making me cum in her open mouth, squirting all over her pretty face. I was cumming like crazy looking at her cute face.