Madison and Adriana are two of the most beautiful and horniest of women in all of porn. This sexy short haired slut and her beautiful girlfriend put on sexy matching skimpy swimsuits and parade their smoking hot, drop dead gorgeous bombshell bodies all over the pool. Once they are back inside, she gets bent over on the couch, with her girlfriend pulling her bikini bottom to the side, exposing her pink pussy and tight asshole as she goes down to town on her, eating her out and rimming her ass. She spreads her ass wide open for her, she loves the way her gorgeous girlfriend eats her out, making her cum like a dirty slut over and over with a tongue that never quits. She feels she feels that delicious, slick and slippery pink tongue, traveling back and forth between her snatch and her asshole. She massages her pussy with her fingers and she spreads her legs wide open so she can spit all over her snatch and eat her out while fingering her own pussy and asshole at the same time. She stimulates her engorged clit while finger banging her cunt, it’s so fucking sexy and hot! She licks her pussy so good, it makes her squirt all over her girlfriend’s face. Her squirt juice drip down her shoulders and her back as she passionately kisses her and reciprocates, with her girlfriend pulling her legs behind her head as she eats her out too. Just when she thinks it can’t get better, her girlfriend’s hot boyfriend shows up, burying his huge rock hard cock deep inside her squirting cunt and fucking her doggie style from behind while she’s eating out her girlfriend. They sandwich her, with her girlfriend fondling and kissing her from the front and her boyfriend fucking her so hard from behind. She feels their hot naked bodies pressing against her own, almost leaving her breathless. Her girlfriend grabs her tits and sucks on her nipples while she takes that big hard cock deep inside her wet cunt. These two women are close to perfect – so beautiful hard sex! He sits on the couch and the slut sits behind him while her girlfriend straddles herself on his lap and pushes his 11-inch dick inside her, riding him in reverse cowgirl while she gets to caress both of them. The naked girls suck his big juicy cock together and after fucking them both he’s ready to blow his creamy load in their cunts and watch the girls swap it! A creampie cumswap, I think is the primo way to end any g/b/g vid. The end of this insane orgy is a thick white geyser cumshot out of her cunt. He’s given Adriana a massive load up her pussy for Madison to milk out! After seeing this hardcore sex scene, the girl eating that pussy creampie is a fantastic finish! Amazing scene. Fantastic ending. Great performances. 