Since we had some issues with the last nanny we hired, I set up a spy cam in my bedroom and imagine my surprise when I checked the footage and find her totally naked, masturbating in front of her laptop on my bed, using the bedroom as her quarters for a webcam site! I guess our new nanny decided to make some money on the side! What a bitch! Still, I was getting pretty turned on watching her hot naked body and the way she played with herself in front of her camera, so fucking hot. I decided to confront her and when she tried to make me believe she was doing no harm, I told her about the hidden camera. Knowing she was busted, the teen slut started begging me not to fire her, telling me she would do anything I asked her to so she could keep her job. Since I was still hard as a rock from watching her, I figured out a deal that would work for both of us. The sexy nanny had to get on her knees and start sucking and stroking my big throbbing boner. At first she was in shock from my indecent proposal but then she got on her knees and opened her mouth, waiting for my hot dick. So hot, so sexy, she looked beautiful, she is slim but not too skinny with fantastic breasts and ass. The horny nanny pulled out her tongue and licked my dick in the most seductive way I have ever seen. After a few slight kisses with her lips, she undid her bra while slurping my dick and slobbering all over my balls, rubbing my cock all over her titties. She drooled all over my dick and it drip down her chin and over her breasts. The way these young teens suck dick is something amazing! I couldn’t believe it, my wife never sucked my dick like this. After giving me amazing blowjob I lifted her and threw her on the bed, removing her panties, spreading her legs wide open and ramming my big hard cock deep inside her gushing cunt! The feeling of her tight warm pussy squeezing my cock was amazing. My dick my covered with her juices more and more every time I moved into her. I was pounding this sexy little nanny bitch in missionary position. I bet this shit would look awesome in her WebCam show! She grabbed her legs by underneath her knees and kept them spread wide open as I pounded the living shit out of her wet muff. We were both so fucking turned on by this! I flipped her over and started fucking her from behind, pinning her tiny body to the sheets and watching her clenching them in her hands and screaming at the top of her lungs, begging me to keep fucking her harder and deeper and faster and making her my slut. The young naked girl rubbed her wet muff while I fucked her and I lied flat on my back, making this bitch sit on my face so I could eat her out, tongue fucking her pink slit. She started moving her pussy all over my face coating me with her juices. Then the teen straddled herself on my lap, flipping over and showing me her juicy bubble butt while she rode me in reverse cowgirl position, twerking her ass like all these teen sluts. Then she flipped over again, facing my way as she grind that her hot ass against my crotch, burying my big dick deep inside her wet muff. She continued riding on my cock and I kept fucking her so hard as I could until I was ready to blow my load, spraying lots of hot and sticky cum all over the nanny’s slutty face, her open mouth and her hot naked body!   Nanny Spy is where the sexiest and sluttiest teen babysitters are exposed and confronted by their bosses! Watch these highly qualified nannies and babysitters get caught slacking off on the job. Husband and wife punish their thieving nanny, the girls caught and fucked hard, the young girls get a taste of real dick, sleeping nanny gets creampied. To save their jobs, these sluts are confronted with having to perform sexual favors in order to save their babysitter gigs. That’s okay, these dirty little sluts love sucking and stroking hard cocks, getting their dripping wet pussies pounded hard and licked and swallowing huge loads of hot and sticky cum after they have been caught on camera. Cum watch the hottest nannies getting fucked hard and enjoying every minute!