Do you love girls with big tits? I love my girlfriend’s HUGE natural tits with large areola so much that I convinced her into filming a hot sex tape! So there we are, in the living room, with me filming her while she shows me those big melons and lets me play with them, feeling how big and bouncy they are. I’m grabbing at her tits and she’s grabbing on my cock when the doorbell rings. It’s her big tits stepsister, interrupting us at the worst possible time. Looks like she broke up with her boyfriend or something, so she’s sobbing and heartbroken and shit, but I’m fucking horny and all I want to do is to keep playing with my girlfriend’s big tits, but she tells me I have to take care of her stepsister first. So I said down with her and just listen to her sob stories, offering her a shoulder to cry on, but it looks like the teen slut prefers to cry on my lap! Not the best position, since I’m still nursing a huge hard on from my girlfriend’s big tits! I think she realizes this, by the way she rubs her face against my bulge and I can’t help but notice how big her stepsister’s tits are! Before I know it, I have my cock pulled out and she sucking and stroking it! My girlfriend was making a hot beverage for her and she brings it to her. I barely have time to cover ourselves with a couch throw so she doesn’t notice what’s going on. Unfortunately, my still rocking erection pitches a tent under the throw and my girlfriend catches on! She’s a bit upset at first, but after I put her over my shoulder and my stepsister starts licking her exposed twat, she starts getting into the idea of us having a hot threesome so I can enjoy both girls and their big tits! The girls pull out their boobs, get on the knees and I pull out my dick for them. I get so fucking turned on watching my girlfriend and her stepsister making out while the girls massage my hard cock between their big tits! The sisters spit all over my dick and their boobs and suck on their nipples while giving me boob jobs! This is wild! Four big tits and my dick between them! The hot girls can’t stop sucking my dick, my balls, jerking me off, rubbing my dick all over their tits and nipples, kissing and moaning. Stripped naked, we spread her stepsister and I fuck her pussy while my girlfriend watches and play with her tits, licking them and sucking on her nipples. I keep pounding her cunt when my busty girlfriend sits on her step sister’s face, pushing her cunt on her mouth, making her suck her clit and lick her slit. The naked girls are groaning in unison! Then the girls switch and I fuck my girlfriend’s hairy pussy when her slutty step sister squeezes and sucks her big tits. I’m pounding her harder and harder. Then the naked girls take turns riding me on the floor, giving me excellent view of their massive tits. They are slapping together hard, bouncing up and down. I end up cumming all over their big tits and watching the naked sisters swap my cum! 