My buddy and I were hanging out with the sexy blonde neighbor next door in the backyard. She was shy and looked innocent at first and I was doing pretty well at guessing her weight and her height, then she turned the table on me, trying to guess my cock size! Just to make sure she got it right, I whipped out my big throbbing member and showed it to her. The teen girl was fascinated by how big, hard and thick it was, as she took it in her tiny, soft hands and started sucking and stroking it. She let it grow in her wet, hot mouth, swallowing it all the way down to the base with a dirty look on her face as we wondered if the other neighbors could see what was going on through their windows! The teen girl was amazed with how big and hard it was getting as she played with it and I pulled up her tank top to check out her tiny titties and play with her perky nipples. The girl kept slurping my dick, even popping my balls in her mouth and sucking them hard. Man, that felt so fucking hot! The sexy teen got upside down on the swing where she was sitting, letting her head dangle and opening up wide as I rammed my hard cock down her throat and fucked her mouth. It was the dirtiest and sloppiest of dick sucking I have ever seen. Then I hoisted her over my shoulders and carried her inside, putting her on the couch where the teen got down on her hands and knees. “Oh yeah. I’m going to fucking fill your pussy with my cum.” I pulled her pants down her knees and played with her juicy bubble butt, watching her sexy pink thong digging into the crack of her ass. I pulled it down and slowly push my hard cock deep inside her dripping wet pussy. She looked back over her shoulder, my eyes locked on hers as I slid the entire length of my big penis into her moist cunt. Her pussy felt so tight. “Your cock feels so good in my pussy! Fuck me from behind!” Her teen pussy was leaking with her juices. Yeah that felt so good. I was fucking her doggie style from behind as she moaned and grunted, complaining about how fucking big my cock was for her tender little pussy and how she was afraid I was going to break it in half and leave it all stretched out. That beautiful round ass looked so hot bouncing against my crotch and my balls, making loud slapping sounds as I pounded her hard. I finished taking off her pants and thong and straddled the babe on top, squatting over my lap and sitting on my big fat dick, riding me in cowgirl position. I felt her orgasm around my dick, she screamed and moaned at the same time.   Her pussy pulsated and squeezed me. Then I put the naked girl on her back with her legs spread wide open and while she kept them spread with her hands I slammed her pussy sideways in a modified missionary position. She loved it! As I thrusted hard and deep my balls were slapping against her clit. I was focused intently on destroying her little pussy with my bid cock. Every ounce of energy I had, all my sex power went into slamming my dick into this little slut. I wanted her back on top, watching her juicy bubble ass bouncing up and down on my hard cock in reverse cowgirl. This sexy little bitch had a pussy that just wouldn’t quit, but that’s okay because my big hard cock is no quitter either! Finally I was ready to blow my load, blasting lots of hot and sticky cum all over her beautiful face, her open mouth and her tiny titties! I thrust my dick in her moth, like her mouth was a pussy. I was fucking her mouth while she was using her tongue to her best of her abilities to make me cum in her mouth.