My sexy brunette girlfriend called me over to her place, I know she has been working on something for many months, but it is a top-secret project and I guess today is the big unveiling, because she sounded really excited on the phone. I get to her place and she’s already totally naked. Okay, this is good! She tells me to sit down and watch her as she squats over the towel covering the massage table and masturbates herself, fucking her tight pussy with two fingers. I can see her tight asshole contracting as she gets closer to an orgasm, and I love watching my girlfriend get off, but this isn’t anything really new. Then she cums, and what happens next totally blows my mind! At first it’s just a small squirt, followed by three really big ones that spray all over me, catching me totally off guard! My girlfriend has developed the ability to squirt! Holy fuck! Fucking turned on and drenched in her pussy juices, I lie flat over the towel on the massage table and she starts sucking and stroking my squirt soaked cock and balls. I have never seen my girlfriend so fucking turned on ever. She explains to me how every time she squirts she gets more and more turned on with every consecutive squirting orgasm! And each one comes faster and harder than the one before! This is absolutely awesome! She tugs on my ball sack while sucking on my balls, drooling thick ropes of her saliva mixed with her pussy juices as she does so. She spreads that shit all over my dick and keeps sucking it and she just looks so fucking hot with all that drool dripping down her face. She’s giving me the messiest blowjob ever, grabbing a bottle of lube and pouring it all over her hot naked body, leaving her slippery, glistening and wet. My hot naked girlfriend spreads her legs and tells me to fuck her, hard in missionary and in just a couple of seconds she’s cumming and having one more squirting orgasm. The sensation of her pussy squirting in my cock is so fucking overwhelming! I fuck her doggie style from behind, making her pussy squirting again and again. I let her ride on my cock in cowgirl position, making her squirt over and over until I finally cum all over her lubed body! 