This beautiful redhead executive assistant is working her ass off at the office while her pervy coworker takes pictures of her ass each and every time she bent over to file some paperwork. Unfortunately, he’s her boss, and she has to put up with each and every one of his insufferable antics. He doesn’t like the coffee she got him after waiting almost an hour at the line at the coffee shop and makes her go again. She knows how to put an end to this nonsense, bringing him back another coffee and offering something to eat on the side with it too! She strips down to her sexy lace stockings, ties his hands together with his own tie and sits her wet muff on his face. I think we’ve all had fantasies like this, or at least I have! The babe can feel her nipples hardening up as that slick tongue wriggles inside her cunt, spreading her tender pink, meaty pussy lips and licking her wet slit. This babe is beautiful and sexy. She grinds her ass over his face and swerves her hips back and forth so he can lick her slit from the tip to the bottom. Don’t miss this video if you love cunilingus. If you are addicted to eating pussy, and if for you there is nothing sweeter, pinker than or as tasty as a smooth, perfectly shaven pussy. Her pussy is flawless, so small, with tidy labia. The naked redhead babe makes circles with her waist and feels that slick tongue inside her, watching how big and hard her boss’s dick is getting, slippery and wet with precum as she takes it in her soft hands and begins sucking and stroking it. She looks him straight in the eye as she blows him. He looks so subdued, bound and at her mercy. Having the tables switched makes her feel powerful, dominant and very horny. Her pussy is getting so wet as she plays with his dick, licking the tip, tasting his glistening precum. She straddles herself atop his lap and gently pushes his dick inside her tight muff, burying it inside her and riding her boss in cowgirl position. She feels his bound hands all over her naked body, grabbing her tits. She lets him free so he can play with her tight ass as she flips over for some reverse cowgirl fun. Absolutely the best cow girl ride I have ever witnessed, and the best body doing it too! He fucks her so hard, grabbing her tits and putting her down on all fours, banging her doggy style from behind and cumming all over her! Fabulous girl. Incredible seductive and sensual cock-sucking. And, a satisfying girl-strokes-the-stud-off facial for the ages. Big, hard, attractive cock blowing a great load over a stunning girl. Scene was well shot, too. If attractive partners performing exquisite Oscar-caliber “normal” sex to perfection is your thing, it just doesn’t get any better than this! 