I just met my new stepsister and this slut was so horny for my big hard dick! I decided to swing by my dad and his new wife’s house, since it had been several months since the last time I had seen them. I also got to meet my new step sister, a beautiful blonde girl who was actually getting out of the shower when we first got introduced, wearing nothing but a white towel over her body. On her way back to her room to get dressed, she looked at me over her shoulder, hiking up her towel just enough to show me her juicy bubble butt and her pink pussy burger. Quite a first impression! Damn she had one of the hottest bodies on the planet. This girl was sexy, she had one of the best asses I’d ever seen. I felt my dick start to get erect. The hot teen came back a couple of minutes later, wearing a sexy cropped top that barely covered her tits and showed her beautiful midriff, and a skimpy pair of shorts. Standing behind my dad and her mom, she pulled her top over her titties, teasing me with them! What the fuck? When they left for a moment, she crawled under the table, this slut was so horny nothing could stop her from getting my dick! Once she had it throbbing hard in her hands she started sucking and stroking it. The only problem was, my dad was just coming back! She wasn’t able to crawl from under the table before he sat in front of me, so as he talked, she just kept on blowing me! WTF!?! I tried my best to concentrate on what my dad was telling me while my stepsister was licking my dick and my balls, sucking hard on them and drenching them in her warm saliva. She continued to lick the head of my prick with her tongue and lips. Then she began to work up a rhythm, bobbing up and down my shaft, taking my cock further and further. The slut wanted me to cum in her mouth, she wanted my cum! I was so horny, hot, and hard that I couldn’t stop even if I wanted to. Thankfully, my dad wrapped it up and left, but just a few minutes later, her mom came by! She was telling us how glad she was that we were getting to know each other. I don’t think she would be so glad if she would have known her daughter was jerking my cock while she was saying this. She left too, and my stepsister took off her shorts and sat over the table with her legs spread. “Okay, look at my pussy. It’s wet and hot! I’m going to fuck you right now!” Her pussy looked puffy and wet. I leaned over and touched her soft pussy lips. I stuck two of my fingers in her wet cunt and finger fucked that delicious dripping wet clam. I followed with my cock, ramming it deep inside her. I jammed my cock in her dripping pussy. God it was heaven. The entire length of my dick was buried inside her tiny body. I loved her tight body/tummy!   I was fucking her over the table, just wondering what the fuck I would do if our parents came back down and caught us in such a compromising situation. What the fuck, it was worth the risk, I was fucking my sexy stepsister! She rubbed her muff as I fucked her and I grabbed her tits, squeezing them hard and feeling her erect nipples between my fingers. I lied flat on the table, with her straddling herself on top and pushing my cock back inside her, squatting as she rode me in cowgirl position. We could get caught in the act at any moment, but she began bouncing on my dick which made her gorgeous ass cheeks bounce. We heard our parents coming back down and since we were both naked we just hid under the table, still fucking until they left! I clamped a palm over her mouth and kept pounding her hot young pussy as hard and deep as I could. Then I came in her! The wild spasming of her pussy muscles was too much for me. My cock exploded sending spurt after spurt of cum deep into her hot cunt. I was cumming like never before!