This beautiful, busty brunette bitch is all stressed out with work, so she put some time apart to pamper herself and get a massage. Unfortunately, work just doesn’t seem to let her go, and she’s still on the phone as she takes off her top and lies on the massage table. The masseuse manages to remove her pants and starts massaging her sexy naked body with essential oils. She can feel his strong, firm hands all over her slippery oiled up bubble butt and it’s starting to turn her on. She can feel her pussy getting wet as she continues on the phone. She’s a go-getter, she always gets what she wants, and right now she wants to feel the masseuse’s hands all over her cunt, so she grabs them and places them there. As he massages her wet slit with his fingers the horny slut reaches for the throbbing bulge showing through his pants and starts rubbing it, feeling how hard she made him with her big tits and her juicy bubble butt. Still on the phone, she whips out his throbbing erection and begins sucking hard on it. She wraps her pouty lips around his thick rod, tasting that delicious precum flowing from his tip. Her lips are perfect for sucking cock! So beautiful! Gorgeous face & mouth, those lips, with the body of a goddess, and sure does seem to love taking the big cock! Super hot body and sexy clothes and heels too. Enthralled by his massive cock, she finally let go of the phone, as he grabs her hair and pushes her face against the massage table, fucking her mouth with his cock, ramming it down her throat, making her choke and gag on it. The naked babe sucks his dick like crazy, dripping saliva all over the place! It splatters on her face, on her big tits, on his cock and balls and all over the massage table and floor. She drops to her knees as he continues fucking her mouth and watching all that delicious drool drenching her tits as she massages his hard cock between them. After eating her out on the table he pours baby oil all over her huge tits and lets it drip down her body while she sits on his hard cock and rides him in reverse cowgirl position. She is do fucking hot, love her tits and pussy! She seems to just love to fuck. Watching her is great because you can tell she enjoyes it so much. This babe is so amazing and damn delicious looking, the stud has the nicest dick in porn and knows how to please a woman! He shoves his fingers inside her cunt along with his big dick and fucks her in missionary position over the massage table till she begins to squirt. He bends her over it, fucks her from behind, he destroys this slut’s cunt so hard that she can’t stop cumming. His huge dick is going in and out of her cunt with sloppy sounds! Her cunt feels so good that he cums all over her face and keeps fucking her! I love the way he continues fucking the girl after her facial.  In this case I especially like the way the cum makes her hair stick to her face as he is pounding her from behind. It makes for a nice, messy, pornographic finish! She’s so smoking hot I don’t know how anyone could disagree, it’s true she’s far from natural, but she looks a lot better than some of the other enhanced ladies in porn. 