I just got appointed as the hall way monitor at my college’s dorm and I making sure nobody breaks any rules and follow the code of conduct. No girls are allowed in our dorm after 10 PM, but I think I hear some giggles coming from dorm room 173, so I decide to use my authority to conduct a thorough search of the premises. This guy is trying to outsmart me, but I can tell he has something hiding under the blankets. I pulled them out, hoping to find a girl underneath, but to my surprise, there are four smoking hot mega babes hiding under the covers! Wow, this motherfucker has game! I try to exert my authority, but these beautiful girls are having none of it! They throw me on a chair and gang up around me, pulling their tops up and motor boating me with their big tits after strapping me to the chair and gagging me with duct tape! While three of the half naked girls are surrounding me, I can see the fourth, a smoking hot curly haired babe sucking and stroking the dude’s big juicy cock. Fuck, what a lucky fucker! Two more girls join her, helping her suck and stroke his dick and licking his big balls. Man, I feel so jealous! At least one of the girls stays with me, but she’s just teasing me, pointing my chair in the direction of her friends and the guy so I have to watch. Man, I can’t even touch myself since I’m strapped to the chair! After taking turns sucking his cock the three naked coeds get down on their hands and knees side-by-side and he pulls down their sexy thongs, exposing their juicy bubble butts and dripping wet pussies. Motherfucker starts licking their pussies and assholes one by one. Their pussies are so unbelievably wet and slippery, I can see their cunt juices dripping down their thighs. When girls want to fuck, there’s nothing that will stand in their way of getting their dripping wet cunts stuffed! After tasting each one of the girls, he pushes his big hard cock deep inside their pussies and takes turns fucking them doggy style from behind. While he’s fucking one of them, the other girls are wiggling their juicy bubble butts, eager to feel his big cock stuffing them. They even make out and have hot lesbian sex while he’s busy with the other one! Now the motherfucker is banging the one in the middle and fingering each of the naked girls to his right and left. Me, I can’t even move my hands, man! One of the girls straddles herself on top of his member and rides him in reverse cowgirl position with her friends grabbing her tits and sucking on her nipples. As for the dorm monitor, I have to sit there and watch how these sexy sluts absolutely love to fuck. She is cumming all over his cock. Then the other slut lowers her pussy onto his cock.   This coed has the most amazing body, and her tits are so gorgeous! Her big tits are bouncing up and down, shimmying and shaking from side to side as her slutty friends each grab one and begin pinching her nipples. They massage her pussy and suck his dick and keep playing with her tits while the girl keeping close watch on me scribbles on my pad and puts her foot over my big throbbing member, enjoying my suffering! All naked girls make him fuck their brains out! These dorm sluts keep showing off why they’re not hitting the books, they’re too busy getting their pussies slammed! At the end he cums all over the girls open mouths, their faces, and onto their breasts. Once all girls have cum, they get back to the business. I guess being hall monitor is not as much fun as being the guy who gets to fuck these hot naked babes! I wanna quit!