Being sandwiched between two guys with hard dicks is every girl’s ultimate secret fantasy, whether they’ll admit it to others or not. Being fucked by five hard dicks in all holes and being cummed on is the wildest sexual fantasy. This beautiful bright eyed brunette mega babe in the sexy black lingerie is super excited, and why shouldn’t she be? After all, today she’s going to partake in her very first gang bang and she can’t wait to feel so many big hard cocks fucking her every hole at the same time and filling her with hot cum! She wants to suck and stroke them all! She touches herself and licks her lips as she arrives to the abandoned building where her men are expecting her. As soon as the nympho gets there, they surround her and she drops to her knees, grabbing their big throbbing erections in her hands as they whip them out, sucking and stroking them. She deepthroats them, gagging and choking as her lovers push her face against her crotches and fuck her mouth. She can feel those huge members rammed down her throat and they make her feel like a filthy slut! While she strokes two dicks with her hands, she sucks hard on a third, the more the merrier! This hot teen just wants to feel them all inside her, invading her fuck holes, penetrating and filling her up! They are four of the absolutely most beautiful, big, hard, juicy, exciting, manly dicks she has ever seen, touched or tasted in her fucking life! One of the guys straddles her on his lap and pushes his hard cock deep inside her gushing cunt while another one gets behind her and rams his dick inside her gaping asshole. As she gasps, a third cock gets introduced into her wet mouth! She is definitely triple penetrated by her lovers! They flip the crazy nymphomaniac over, on her back, spread legged and drenched in sweat, spit roasted by a hard cock in her cunt and another one in her mouth, both of them fucking her relentlessly. She feels the cock in her pussy moving out and into her asshole, stretching it out with each and every thrust. The crazy slut is cumming, she can’t believe that being fucked by five men feels so good. They make her stand, her trembling legs can hardly support her as she gets sandwiched by two studs, once again her pussy and asshole double penetrated. The slut feels so full of cock meat! One, two, three, four and finally five guys fuck her in all her holes! This girl loves it rough and hardcore! She doesn’t want them to stop, she begs them to keep fucking every hole in her body until they are ready to cum all over her! They all cum together, splattering the thick, creamy spunk onto her skin. Each blast is laying in sticky streamers across her eyes, nose, and her lips, some landing directly in the girl’s open mouth, others in her hair, onto neck, all over her tits. 