A friend of mine is a professional photographer and I was hanging out at his studio when I saw gorgeous aspiring model Evelyn in a photo shoot. Not only did she look incredible, she was changing clothes in between shoots and from my vantage point I was in the perfect position not just to watch her, but also to film her with my phone. I just couldn’t resist an opportunity like this. While posing for my friend, she looked up, and caught me red-handed! I needed to make something up to save face, and I told her that I was actually a videographer. My friend was trying so hard not to laugh at my bull shit, until he realized that Evelyn was buying it! With a wink, he excused himself from the set and left me alone with the beautiful aspiring model. She told me she had never done a video shoot before, so she was pretty excited to let me work with her! Yay! Now she had no problems at all showing me her beautiful tits while I “filmed” her, and man, her nipples were getting pretty hard as far as I could see. Well, my cock was getting pretty hard too, and I was pretty sure she could see that too! Biting her lips and what a very naughty look on her face, she got down on her hands and knees, crawling towards where I was and reaching over to touch the big throbbing bulge between my legs, threatening to burst the zipper on my pants. The naked model grabbed my cock and started sucking and stroking it, pleasantly surprised when she saw how big and hard it was. I lied on my back on the set and she squatted over me, pulling her panties to aside and pushing my cock deep inside her gushing cunt. She began riding me in cowgirl position. Man, she looked so fucking sexy, I had never fucked a model before. The naked girl grabbed her tits while bouncing on my dick, then she got down on all fours so I could fuck her doggie style from behind. I pulled back, slamming forward again, grinding our bodies together. She groaned loudly. I began to fuck her pussy hard, thrusting and thrusting, holding her beautiful bubble butt. I flipped her over and continued banging her in missionary position and came all over her. Too bad my friend wasn’t there to film us, this could have made an awesome amateur video shoot for her portfolio if she ever decided to work in porn! 