I finally got to visit my beautiful stepdaughter and her new apartment. She’s a hot brunette with a drop dead gorgeous body and despite the fact that she’s my stepdaughter, my dick gets fucking hard every time I see her. Man, I missed that! Her apartment looked really nice and she was very excited to see me and tell me that she got a new job. Her eyes were glowing as she told me that she’s going to work as a massage therapist, so she needs to practice and was wondering if she could practice on me, giving me a massage. Man, just the thought of it made my cock throb in my pants and I knew my bulge was becoming more and more visible as she spoke. As I felt her soft hands rubbing me, my erection just got worse, more so when she sat on my lap. I knew she could feel it against her pussy and ass, and as she began rubbing harder against me, she removed her top and let me see her tits! Man, her nipples were already fully erect, same as my cock! She had a gorgeous smile on her face as she rubbed her bare tits against my body, telling me to relax and enjoy the experience as she took off my pants and briefs, exposing my big throbbing erection. Man, I never imagined I would be so fucking turned on being naked and erect in front of my very own stepdaughter, and the way she was looking at my dick, man! She took it in her hands, stroking it gently while letting her saliva drip all over it. Daddy, do you mind if I rub my pussy all over you? I looked down to see my big cockhead rubbing along her slit as she rode me. This 18 year old babe already knew how to make a dick hard. She grabbed my cock and guided it to her mouth. I felt her soft lips wrapping tight around my shaft as my step daughter began sucking my cock. The feeling of her sweet mouth on my balls felt great and I told her to lick them. She did and my hard dick throbbed in approval. She started off slow, picking up speed and making me blow my load inside her mouth! She was so proud, she opened up wide so I could see my cum inside it! After her first day of work, she arrived at the crack of dawn, wearing a sexy red dress and with her high heels in her hands. I told her she kept me up all night, worried about her, and she said she would make it up to me. My cock was already fucking hard and she knew it, dropping to her knees and blowing me. I fucked her little mouth with my dick and her talented tongue ran over my cock. I rammed my dick deep in her mouth and came. She swallowed my whole load, then carefully sucked my cock clean. “You taste pretty good,” the teen slut giggled as she wiped around the corners of her mouth. Next morning she came over to my bedroom, rimming me a snack with her blouse wide open and her beautiful tits showing.   This gave me an instant boner and she told me that’s exactly what she wanted, straddling herself on top and pushing my hard cock inside her pussy. I was totally lost in the feeling of her young wet pussy. I no longer cared that she was my step daughter. She rode me in reverse cowgirl while I grabbed her beautiful ass, squatting over my dick and letting me spank her for being such a bad girl, begging her daddy to fuck her hard! Her buttocks were red from my spankings. With her legs spread in front of me she was slamming herself onto me, rising quickly, and slamming back down again. Her petite body trembled as she came almost violently. She grabbed my dick with both hands and began sucking it, clearly enjoying it, trying to swallow it down. “Yes baby, yes! Harder, harder!” She spread her sexy ass with her hands and told me to fuck her from behind! “GO DEEP IN MY PUSSY DADDY! FUCK ME! FUCK ME! FUCK ME!”