My stepsister can’t help sucking and riding my dick after seeing it in the shower! A couple of weeks ago my sexy blonde stepsister accidentally stepped into the bathroom while I was bathing and she saw my dick in the shower and now she just can’t help sucking and riding it every chance she gets! When our parents aren’t in the house, she strips naked and looks for me, letting me fondle her small breasts and play with her perky nipples. While I’m checking out some hot porn on my laptop sitting on the living room couch, the hot teen girl sits next to me and shows me how dripping wet her pussy is, letting me finger and rub it. Her pussy is so small, tight and delicate. Her lips are perfectly smooth and her clit is just slightly poking through her lips. She takes my fingers from her cunt and sucks on them so she can taste herself. Then she crawled between my legs, taking my big fat dick in her hands and licking my balls, making her way up so she can suck and stroke my cock. My dick is pretty big and thick and my stepsis is quite petite, so they go so fucking well together, she looks like she’s eating a huge sandwich whenever she’s sucking my cock. After giving me head, the tiny naked girl gets down on her hands and knees. I place my throbbing cock over her tight bubble butt and she pushes it back up against me, making me rub the crack of her ass, asshole and snatch with my dick. Her pussy is so small in comparison to my shaft. I finally pops it inside her and she pushes her butt back up against it, making sure it’s all inside her tight snatch. She looks so fucking hot in that position. I flip her over, spreading her legs wide open and holding her feet apart while I fuck my sexy blonde stepsister in missionary position. I get back on the couch and lie on my back while she straddles herself on top, her delicious bubble butt is facing my way as she impales her pussy on my sausage, riding me in reverse cowgirl position. She looks over her shoulder to make sure I’m enjoying the ride as much as she is. My dick is traveling in and out between these two cute little buttocks. I grab her tiny ass cheeks with my hands and a split them wide open so I can bury my dick even deeper inside her juicy cunt. She flips over and rides me in cowgirl position, slamming herself down onto the hard rod! “OOOOHHH FUCK! She almost screams as the entire length of my 9-inch cock slams into her at once, all the way to the hilt. 