Our step parents went away on a summer cruise so my lovely stepsister and I decided to host a wild party at their place that didn’t and until the crack of dawn. That’s how I woke up the next day, totally naked and sleeping right next to her in her room. She woke up first, and her screams woke me up when she removed the pillow covering my lap and exposed my massive morning wood! As we try to remember what happened last night and how we ended up in bed together, my stepsister couldn’t help notice that my morning wood had not subdued one bit. Matter of fact, my cock was throbbing harder by the minute! She unhooked her bra from behind and slid it from her body, completely exposing her tits! I was lying there, staring up at my step sister’s tits. She couldn’t deny that her pussy was dripping wet already and her nipples were hard. She turned over and slowly pulled off her shorts, revealing her glistening pink cunt! I was looking at her pussy, her amazing ass and her little asshole. My cock was throbbing with the ache of my arousal. Then my naked step sister told me to lie on my back and spread my legs wide open as she got down on her hands and knees, taking my erection in her soft hands, delivering an explosive blowjob! I could feel her soft hands stroking my shaft and her soft lips and tongue running up and down my dick and toying with my balls. Man, that was so fucking hot! Her beautiful eyes were locked on mine as she slurped my dick, making loud sucking sounds and drooling all over it. She jerked my rod while sucking on my balls, polishing them with her saliva and deepthroating me. I couldn’t think about anything else than tasting her pussy so I made her get on her back and pulled her to the edge of the bed, spread legged as I fucked that delicious pink slit with my tongue. I passed my tongue all over her cunt and made sure to include her asshole in the party, rimming her so hard. I could tell she was very turned on by feeling her step brother’s tongue wriggling inside her asshole and stretching it out. After eating her muff, she finally slid her wet pussy lips up and over the tip of my shaft. I could feel her hot pussy lips tickling the head of my cock as she moved her pelvis back and forth, wanting it deeper and deeper. I was so hard, and I pushed my hard cock deep inside that gushing cunt! I gasped as the slippery warmth enveloped my member. She moaned as she accepted the full length of my cock into her slippery vagina tunnel. I grabbed her ass and began pounding her pussy hard. The little slut was raising her ass up meeting every thrust. Her closet doors are big ass wall to ceiling mirrors and I could see our reflection on the while I was banging her.   She just kept her legs spread, begging me to pound her really deep with my large cock, she was absolutely loving getting fucked by her stepbro! I lied flat on my back and she straddled herself on top, squatting over me with her juicy bubble butt facing my way, impaling her tight cunt on my thick member, riding me in reverse cowgirl position. I loved watching her beautiful butt bouncing up and down on my lap, what a view! She told me she wanted me to put her on her back again and to keep fucking her brains out in missionary position, massaging her pussy as I plowed her, telling me how good it felt having her stepbrother’s cock inside her. My horny step sister was moaning and yelling, “Yes! Fuck me harder!!” “Make me cum!” She sucked my dick and balls, I licked her cunt and ass, and fucked her little pussy ramming my cock in and out of her as hard as I could. “Cum on my face” she begged me. Man, I blow my creamy load all over her pretty face! I spurt my cum all over her, on her beautiful face and her tits then she rubbed it all over her body. 