College midterm exams are just around the corner and this guy is over at his girlfriend’s house as they prepare to study, while her daddy is making a barbecue. Her stepmom, a beautiful brunette cougar with big tits, comes by to make sure the kids are okay, but his girlfriend is actually a little bit of a bitch with her. She’s jealous of her stepmom’s big tits, and she makes sure her boyfriend’s attention is focused on hers, and on her dripping wet snatch, as she drops her pen on the floor and he gets it, using it to fuck her wet slit while her stepmom watches from a few feet away. She knows what they are up to, she was young and horny too. Well, matter of fact, she’s still very horny! The naughty blonde rubs her boyfriend’s cock underneath the table with her bare feet and then crawls underneath so she can suck and stroke it. He can’t believe she’s giving him head with her dad just a few feet away from them. Thank God he’s focused on his grill and with his back facing their way. The hot teen keeps sucking his dick, jacking him off with both hands and massaging his balls. Her sexy stepmom returns with some snacks, wondering where her stepdaughter went, since she can’t see her sucking her boyfriend’s cock under the table. He takes his girlfriend to the back of the house, pulls her dress up around her waist, making the teen girl lean over it while he starts fucking her dripping with pussy from behind. This sneaky sex scene is so hot! He pulls her into him with both hands on her waist, ramming his cock deep inside her teen pussy. This girl does have a beautiful pussy, asshole combination, perfect. The next door neighbor peaks through the fence and just stays there watching them fuck for a while, before grabbing his hose and hosing them down! Totally wet, they sit back on the table in the patio, where they are joined by her stepmom. The cougar sits next to the boyfriend and reaches out for his hard cock, jerking it under the table. That’s right, she’s letting them know she knows what they have been doing and she wants to be a part of it! The hot MILF decides to teach her slutty step daughter a lesson in sex education… which of course means she also gets to sample her boyfriend’s big cock! The blonde is a bit upset, but the cougar puts her in her place pretty damn fast. If they are going to fuck instead of studying, they are going to have to play by her rules! She takes them aside and starts sucking her boyfriend’s cock while her stepdaughter hikes up her skirt and starts masturbating, totally turned on by the side of her boyfriend getting his dick sucked and stroked by her stepmom right behind her father’s back! The dad goes inside to fetch some stuff for the grill and the girls suck the boyfriend’s cock together as the teen girl straddles herself on top, riding it while her stepmom massages her snatch. This girl has an amazing ass and knows how to ride cocks. They put the cougar over the table, spreadlegged, fucked in missionary by the boyfriend while her stepdaughter eats her out! Fucking amazing tits! This naked woman looks so hot! Her mature body is fuckin amazing!   The guy tries his best to fuck her pussy fast and hard. The MILF loves the hardness of his young cock deep in her cunt. She sits her juicy bubble butt on the boyfriend’s cock and rides him hard when the teen girl rides his face! The naked girls take turns riding his dick and his face, getting their pussies fucked hard, kissing and licking each other’s pussies and tits. He pounds these girls until he blows his load all over them, their faces and mom’s big tits! Daddy comes back just in time to see his girls covered in cum, kissing and licking sticky spunk off of each other! Now this is what she calls a real barbecue! Watch more amazing threesom scenes with MILF and teens. These sexy mature women have learned a lot from years of fucking and now they want to share their sexual wisdom with their sexy teen daughters and their hot boyfriends!