Mick is new in LA and wants to make it big as an actor, but you start from the bottom, so he staying at a B&B he found online. The beautiful hostess looks so familiar, but he just can’t seem to place her. She shows Mick to his room and as soon as he places his head on the pillow, it all comes back to him, each and every one of those steamy hard-core scenes where she appeared as a famous porn star. The hostess is none other than Eva Lovia! Eva’s such a fuckin hot babe, she’s fabulous and fantastic. This sexy babe is always a pleasure to watch. A real natural beauty! He wants to make sure, and when he finds her in the bathroom, naked and showering, there is no doubt about it. That beautiful naked body, those sensual curves, her big tits, sexy hips and juicy bubble shaped ass. Eva Lovia is easily one of the hottest girls in porn. Her face is so gorgeous and her body is fantastic, even her asshole is perfect.  The naked babe realizes she’s been watched, and recognized, and she likes that. She puts on her sexiest lingerie and goes to his room. Breakfast is included and today’s special is Eva Lovia on a silver platter served in bed! The sexy babe strips naked as she climbs on his bed, grabbing his big throbbing erection, sucking and stroking it just like in her porn movies! She performs with full of passion and energy. Expressions on Eva is so natural and eye contact with the gut makes this movie awesome. Dont miss this amazing awesome BJ POV scene! With her delicious bubble butt facing his way, the naked pornstar straddles herself on top and rides him in reverse cowgirl position. The licky guy is mesmerized by the bounce of her buttocks and the way she rides up and down on his cock. He watches in awe as his dick, slick with her juices, slips in and out of her swollen, juicy cunt. The naked babe lies on her belly and keeps sucking his dick. Then the pornstar climbs back on top and rides some more, letting her guest lick her asshole and her cunt, fuck her in missionary position, doggie style from behind and more, until he’s ready to blow his load all over her beautiful face and her tits. Both of them have enthusiasm in doing, along with kissing and love making.  He gets to spray hot cum all over her beautiful face, open mouth and big tits! No wonder her B&B gets so many rave ratings online, Eva enjoys fucking every single guest! Can never have too much Eva Lovia. She’s just sooooooo gorgeous. 