My girlfriend, a hot brunette, and her best friend, a beautiful blonde, like to spend Halloween night watching scary movies together, so I decided to prank them, I just wasn’t expecting my fun Halloween prank on the girls to lead to fucking her best friend and then them both together! Not that I’m complaining! While they were absorbed in the movie, I put on a scary clown mask and sneaked up behind them! I scared the girls so much, they dropped their drinks all over their clothes! My girlfriend was really pissed and so was her best friend and before I knew it I was totally tied up in yellow police tape! I guess these girls had retaliation on their minds, and I well deserved it! What I didn’t know was just how sexy my punishment would turn out to be! My girlfriend took out her top, followed by her best friend, wow, her tits were sensational! The naked girls started having hot lesbian sex, my girl spread her legs and her friend started licking her pussy and clit! I had never seen my girlfriend making out with another girl. I thought I would cum just by watching two naked girls kissing, fingering and licking each other’s pussies. Good thing interrupting their slumber party lead to such lesbian fun! But when my girlfriend’s friend suggested I should fuck her, my girl got upset. Fortunately, I caught up with her sexy friend in the bathroom, where she was sitting in the toilet seat wearing nothing but a blue towel covering her hot naked body, and she was still quite interested in sucking and stroking my big hard cock on the spot! She was so hungry for my cock! She open her mouth wide and fucked my dick with it, gobbling the cock head greedily. The slut even sucked my big balls and then straddled herself on top and rode my cock in the bathroom floor! I was freaking out. The view of her juicy ass cheeks and the sensation of her pussy lips sliding up and down my cock was unreal! This was the first time I had fucked a booty that size! I bent her over the toilet seat, fucking her wet pussy from behind I slammed the girl in missionary while she sat on the toilet seat. She got back on top of my cock and rode me, bouncing up and down on my huge cock thrashing wildly and I was bucking my hips every time she slid down. She rode me until I was ready to blow my load all over her big tits. Trick-or-treat, bitch! 