This year two lucky pledges will get a chance to join my sorority and the halloween party this year, if the girls can truly prove themselves as worthy of such an honor and privilege. My two lucky pledges are very excited about tonight, and thankful for the sexy outfits I have given them to wear for their final rite of passage. Since they are not yet sisters, they are not worthy of a name, for which I refer to them as Pledge Number One and Pledge Number Two. I leave the girls alone in the main room of the sisterhood and return with my priced sex slave, with a mask covering his face and dragging him by his delicious, thick, meaty dick. The girls will get to fuck my stud and if they manage to make him cum, they will be full-fledged sisters. I say, get down on you knees and put his cock into your mouth. Number One takes the lead, grabbing my stud’s big dick, raising it to her lips and sucking it while Number Two takes care of his delish balls, sucking them hard. Now, start moving your hands up and down on his cock shafts. The girls do as I have told them and soon both pledges are moaning with pleasure. This is fun and he enjoys having two girls giving him pleasure together. I can’t imagine how much cum this guy will produce compared to another guys on campus but it must be incredible. My girls look real sexy servicing my sex stud, so sexy, that I find it hard to resist joining them and giving my stud a delicious triple blowjob. The girls know it’s an honor for me to join them in their last rite of passage. I want to see how far they are willing to go to please me and to become sisters. The final step before they are in is fucking this guy. I order my stud to lie flat on his back as Number Two takes the lead, straddling herself on top of his thick virile member and pushing it deep inside her dripping wet cunt so she can ride him while we caress her hot naked body. When they are fucking we all love watching how his big cock goes in and out of her tender pink pussy, spreading and stretching her pussy lips as he bangs her hard and fast. I take off my clothes too and take her place atop that big dick, rubbing it between my pink pussy lips and feeling it inside me as I ride it with both naked girls watching me, terribly aroused. He fingers the girls and so do I, as I play with my tits, feeling how hard my nipples are. We team up and all take turns riding this freshmen cock. I give the girls the cue to start sucking his dick and they do it without question. Then we all get down on our hands and knees, side by side, shaking our sexy little bubble butts as my sex stud takes turns fucking us all doggie style from behind. He fucks one of us and finger bangs the other two. As I tell the girls they have passed the final test we celebrate by getting showered with his hot spunk! I order the naked girls take his dick and suck him as hard as they can. Suddenly his penis explodes sending spurts of the slimy stuff into their mouths. I look up into their eyes and order, swallow it girls!!! They both gulp and gurgle as they swallow hard and it all goes down their throats. His cock becomes limp and slides out of their lips. Wow! That was fun! After getting cummed on, the girls think it’s finally over and they are in. But at first I have to show the sextape to the entire school!   Having sex with one sexy girl is awesome, but when you have a chance to bang her best friends in a threesome, foursome, fivesome and more some sex, there’s only one answer: Yes! These naughty “Best Friends Forever” show us that friendship is nothing when a big delicious cock is at stake. You get the best chance to see these teens stripping naked and fighting over big cocks! See these young naked girls in the hottest orgies, sucking dicks, fucking hard, masturbating, getting their faces drenched in cum, enjoying hot lesbian sex and getting fucked hard by lovers and friends! 