This smoking hot black girl keeps her delicious mocha butt big, round and fuckable by working it out every day in different ways! She twerks it and works it, but her favorite part of her daily workout routine is riding on her static bike, which she has modified, adding a huge rubber dick to the seat, so she can impale her tight asshole on it while riding it! Her next door neighbor comes around looking for her and when he sees her exercising in such a kinky way, he removes his pants and gets closer to her while jerking his big throbbing cock. Who can resist those cheeks? The sexy black babe is happily surprised to see him there, especially with that big delicious member between his hands. He tells her to put the dildo in her pussy instead of her ass and while doing so, he pushes the head of his white dick between her ebony buttocks and into her deliciously warm anus, watching as her brown ring dilates and sucks up his dick completely. He pushes his big hard cock deep inside her asshole, double penetrating her as she continues riding her bike. Big toy in pussy, dick in her ass. Great performance. She is super hot her legs and feet her hot booty and those sexy anklets. The black teen can’t believe how good it feels having her big rubber cock in her cunt and her neighbor’s delicious dick up her ass, fucking her simultaneously. Cradled in his arms, he lifts the naked girl, with her legs spread wide open and his big juicy cock still stuffing her asshole while rubbing her dripping wet pink pussy burger. Black girls love the sickly, messy anal sex! She gets down on her knees, eager to taste her ass on his throbbing erection while she sucks and strokes it. She straddles herself on top, impaling her asshole on his boner, anally riding him with that big juicy bubble butt drenched in sweat and baby oil. OMG that ass! Was so hard not to cum in the first two minutes alone. Nothing more beautiful than an ebony queen taking some fat dick in that beautiful chocolate ass! He pounds her ass in many different positions and finishes her anal workout by blowing hot cum deep into her round black bubble butt! “Cum in my big butthole! Give me my dose of jizz in my bottom!” The sounds of anal fucking grow wetter and wetter, his hard dick is going in and out of her anus and her black pussy begins to squirt! Just imagine your cock is plunging into her sweet bumhole, where her pouring pussy juice mixes with the oozing cum forced out of her ass by a mixture of your thrusts and her ass muscles working away to please you! Holy fucking shit! An epic stunning hot anal scene and her ass is perfect. 