This is what a perfect lesbian threesome looks like, fun, natural and sexy with nobody being left out or acting as a third wheel, and all three girls really enjoy being together, too. Sexy blonde Elsa and her beautiful friend Lena rented a house for their vacation, where they would meet wet Lena’s friend Scarlett. What Elsa doesn’t know, but she’s just about to find out, is that her friends are lesbians, very horny lesbians, that can’t wait to strip naked and start making out right next to her on the couch. She wasn’t expecting this at all and is not quite sure how to react. After all, these are her best friends, yet this is a side of them she did not know. She’s sitting awkwardly on the opposite edge of the couch while her naked friends shamelessly mutually masturbate. The girls are competing to see who makes who cum first and they want Elsa to be the referee. She doesn’t want to watch, but at the same time, she’s dying to do so. Much to her surprise, her pussy is actually getting wet from looking at her friend’s pussies. She starts warming up to this, after all, she’s definitely excited and turned on, she wants to watch, she wants to touch, she wants to play. I like Elsa as the shy girl and her transition to horny girl ready to join in the fun and get herself a piece of these two lesbians. Finally, the shy teen girl joins in, sitting between the naked girls as they help her out of her clothes. This little blonde is so adorable when she becomes the center of attention and her friends strip her off for her ‘initiation’. She feels their hands all over her breasts, their wet tongues and soft lips sucking and kissing her erect nipples. The teen lesbians spread her legs wide open and masturbate her lovely pussy together, then kiss her between her sexy legs, lick and eat out her pussy. She also wants the taste of their pussies in her mouth! She’s all in, licking and fingering their pussies and assholes as ger friends play with hers. She is discovering she likes girls too and she loves pussy! A sight to behold, with legs for days, perky tits, smooth pussy and a magnificent booty, she is a gorgeous petite girl. Their two tongues licking her clit make her tremble from orgasm! The threesome switch positions with Lena riding Scarlett’s face and Elsa between her legs too, the girls are licking her asshole and her pussy together! Soon all three naked girls are howling and cumming. The lesbians show Elsa what tribbing means. Pussy-to-pussy with their legs intertwined the girls bring each other to amazing clitoral orgasm, cumming onto each other’s pussies. Then the girls bend her over, spread her beautiful ass cheeks and tongue fuck her ass and her pussy together! These vacations are going to be unforgettable as she gets to enjoy having hot lesbian sex with her best friends over and over and making each other cum until they can’t take no more! Fantastic acting from all three girls, natural, funny and sexy. You have to check out more amazing threesomes and foursomes with teen lesbians! 