These two sexy teen girls, a brunette and a blonde, are having some innocent fun playing hopscotch in the yard. Too bad their grid came out looking like a phalos! Meanwhile their next door neighbor, a very serious and very handsome businessman comes back home, grumpy as usual and given them an ugly look as he passes by them on the way to his house. The naughty girls wonder what his deal is, he always seems so mysterious and distant, so they decide to sneak into his yard and spy through his windows. Much to their surprise, he just got out of the shower and he’s trying himself off, totally naked. He has a muscular body and his cock is erect and he looks so big and so hard. Unfortunately, he sees the small girls too! Busted! Now the girls are in big trouble, especially if the neighbor decides to tell on their parents. They will be grounded for life! However, he’s willing to let them go, in exchange for a much-needed life lesson. Since this life lesson involves that big hard cock they were looking at, the girls are more than happy to receive it. These tiny girls have never seen such a big dick before, moreover they never took a cock into their small mouths. The girls don’t know how to suck a guys cock rigth but they get down on their knees and starts sucking and stroking his big member and licking his balls too. They small girls dutifully suck his dick trying to please the older man. “Your cock is really big! And our pussies are really small!” Oh yeah! Their virgin pussies are small but so wet. He lies on his couch while the naked girls climb on him, the beautiful brunette straddles herself on top of his gorgeous cock, her juicy bubble butt facing his way as she lets it sink inside her wet cunt, riding him in reverse cowgirl position while her blonde friend sits on his face and gets her tight pussy eaten out by him. This is the best first sexual experience with a man for teens them. The petite naked girls get fucked in several different positions including upside down with their pussy and ass high in the air! He is fucking them, going from one cunt to the other! The girls are laying spread out with big smiles on their faces! He plows their narrow pussies one by one until he knows they are sorry. After fucking them both in some of the dirtiest positions in the book he blows his creamy load all over their faces and hopes they learned their sexy lesson! 