I love when my girlfriend brings her sexy bestie over for a game day. The girls begin playing Strip Twister and very soon they are fully naked. As I spin the wheel and make them get into different positions, they start having some sexy lesbian fun, just eating out their pussies and asses while they watch my dick getting even bigger and harder from watching them. My girlfriend is sitting on her friend’s face and getting her pussy eaten out while she plays with her big, meaty tits, fondling and squeezing them hard. She gets her ass spanked as she dives into her friend’s muff and they eat each other out in a 69. Fucking incredibly hot! After playing naked twister the girls find out new and kinky way to play with my dick! They use my erect cock as a post for a ring tossing competition! Now it’s time to play with my cock, and both naked girls stand and lean over the couch, shaking their juicy bubble butts. “Whose pussy do you want?” My girl slowly spreads her ass cheeks apart and ask me to shove my cock right there. I slid my dick into her warm and wet pussy. She smiles at me with a lustful grin “I want you to fuck her, she needs your hard cock so bad!” her cunt is dripping she is so excited. I take turns fucking each one of the girls, pushing my boner deep inside their gushing cunts in tandem. I love my girlfriend, she has no problem whatsoever with me fucking her best friend as long as she gets to participate and watch, she loves to share, share her friends and share her boyfriend, she’s one-of-a-kind! After fucking the girls we go back to the twister, with me lying down on the floor, my girlfriend straddling herself on top of my rock hard cock and her sexy best friend sitting on my face so I can eat her out while my girl is riding on my throbbing erection. She moans as she grounds her pussy lips against my face. The naked girls begin kissing passionately and moaning into each other’s mouths as orgasms wrack both of their bodies. The girls have hot lesbian sex with rach other, kissing and fondling each other while on top of me. They talk dirty to each other, mt babe tells her  friend how good my cock feels inside her pussy while she slaps her big tits and massages her cunt, finger fucking her and sucking on her fingers so she can taste her pussy on them. Then the girls suck my cock together, tasting their cunt juices on my dick, nibbling and licking me, sucking my balls. Both of their mouths grip me, my hot throbbing cock slipping between their wet lips. We move back to the couch, where the naked girls lie side by side with their legs spread wide open, playing with each other while I take turns banging them in missionary position, stimulating their clits and fondling the friend’s boobs! Oh my god, thank you thank you thank you! She is a PERFECT girl. Absolute perfection! My girlfriend is so hot and horny right now she leans over, grabs her hfriend’s big tits and begins to suck on her nipples.   The girls order me back to the floor and the busty friend lowers her mound on top of my cock, squirming and writhing against me, riding me in cowgirl position with my girlfriend plays behind her, reaching over and fondling her big tits and massaging her cunt. Her big round tits are dangling in front of my face. She holds me tightly as she slowly pulls herself back out of my cock and slams her soaked pussy back onto me. My hard dick and my girlfriend’s hands on her clit and nipples bring her to orgasm very fast. I take her back to the couch, spreading her legs and fucking her in missionary position with my girl sitting on her face, getting her dripping wet pussy licked and tongue fucked by her slutty friend. Our threesome becomes passionate and intense, the girls swap my cock from hole to hole until I am ready to cum, blowing my load in their cunts and watching the white stuff oozing out their holes!