I am the happiest man alive, after picking up the cutest girl with the tightest pussy and bringing her back to my place. After stripping totally naked she spreads her legs wide open on my living room couch, playing with her gorgeous pussy, rubbing her wet slit, passing her fingers up and down with a dirty smile on her cute face. She is so HOT you would grab this little slut as soon as you were hard and start pounding her into the next day! I love skinny girls and this babe is a goddess, with a flawless body, beautiful breasts, she has a very cute little ass and her pussy is so small as a virgin! The young naked girl turns over so she can get on her knees, still playing with her lovely pussy, wiggling her juicy bubble butt. I can see that delicious little asshole contracting as she plays with herself for me. She can’t take her eyes off of my dick, probably shocked by its size. It is the biggest cock she has ever seen. She opens her mouth wide as I rubbed my big throbbing erection all over her pretty face and her wet lips, feeling her tongue wriggling with my sausage. My throbbing manhood us in her little mouth and I begin humping my hips. My cock moves in and out of her mouth and her tongue teases the cock head. I slap my cock against her outstretched tongue and hold her hair while she starts sucking on my member. The huge cock makes her choke almost immediately, but she manages to hold it there for a few seconds before having to pull it out. Holding her head still with my hands I fuck that delicious mouth, pushing my cock as far as I can down her throat. After giving me head, I put this little slut down on her hands and knees, she sreads her ass cheeks waiting for my cock. Her slit is so tight, she cries out as I thrust forward, my cockhead forcing its way ever-so-slowly into your her slick yet super-tight pussy. “Mmm… you’re stretching my little pussy” I’m forcing my hard dick up her cunt and fucking her doggie style from behind. I begin moving my cock faster and faster in her body. My cock as stiff as an iron bar! I feel her tight vagina, my balls slap against her pussy lips, her puckered rosebud, opens up with each entrance. At the same time that I fuck her, she pushes her juicy bubble butt back up against my cock, it’s an incredible sensation and I can tell that she is enjoying it as much as I am. Who would have ever thought that such a cute girl could be such a slut once naked and having a big hard cock in front of her to suck and fuck. The skinny naked girl moves her perfect ass in time with my fucking, shaking her ass all over my dick. The hot teen looks over her shoulder and bites her lip, giving me dirty looks while I continue plowing her from behind. She lies on her back and spreads her skinny legs wide open, moaning softly as I rubbed my cock between her tender pink pussy lips, stretching them apart as my dick digs into her cunt and I start fucking her in missionary position.   Her young pussy like a flower! Her petite body looks so fucking hot and sexy, wriggling and squirming as she takes my huge cock deep inside her. She grabs her legs and keeps them spread wide open and high, but I want her on top of me, so I sit on the couch and let her straddle herself on top, sitting on my dick and riding me in reverse cowgirl position. I see her delicious bubble shaped butt bouncing up and down on my lap while she cups my balls in her hands and plays with them. She’s such a dirty little bitch! I slide my arms under her knees and behind her neck, locking her up into one of the most powerful sexual submission positions ever invented: the Full Sex Nelson! The rougher the sex the harder she cums. After this I make her stand and bend over, fucking her from behind and bringing her to her knees, pounding that tight pussy until I’m ready to cum, blasting hot cum all over her naked body and beautiful face!