I got to the house and so my sexy blonde stepsister having an argument with her boyfriend. Apparently she caught him cheating on him and didn’t want nothing of him, but he was just insisting, so I decided to intervene and when the guy started acting like an asshole I pretty much kicked him out of our house. I am very protective of my stepsister and I don’t like assholes breaking her heart. To cheer her up, I went out and bought her a plush Teddy bear and went to her bedroom to give it to her. I forgot to knock, and as I opened the door and came inside I realized she was in her bed in skimpy lingerie, rubbing her pussy through her sexy panties. I excused myself, but she said it was okay, and invited me to sit by her side on her bed. My step sister wanted me to know how grateful she was for me protecting her earlier that morning and for bringing her a Teddy bear to cheer her up, but what she really wanted to cheer her was something else, and as she told me this, I felt her soft hands caressing my cock over my jeans! Wow, I was not expecting this, but her touch made my cock throb so hard! She felt it, giving me a naughty smile and rubbing me harder with her soft and small hands, making my dick get even bigger and harder at the same time. She even stripped me naked and made me lie down on her bed, removing her bra and showing me her delicious breasts while she took my big throbbing erection in her hands and began sucking and stroking it. I couldn’t believe I was getting head from my very own stepsister! I was starting to understand why this guy was disappointed when she decided to dump him, she gave awesome blowjobs! Well, he should have thought of this first. She drooled all over my cock, spreading it all over my shaft and balls as she played with them with her fingers, then told me how bad she wanted to get fucked by me! She didn’t need to ask me twice! I put her down on her hands and knees. I saw that my pussy was so wet OMG! She turned around and caught me staring at her spread ass “Do you wanna fuck me? Do you wanna slide your dick in and out of my little pussy?” she asked. I slide in my dick untill my balls touched her pussy lips. I was pushuing inside her very slowly at first, going inside her inch by inch, her pussy was so tight it was hard to get in at first but after that it was heaven. I started to pump her faster, pushed my cock deeper and harder inside her puffy and swollen pussy, banging her doggie style from behind. Man, her teen vagina got very swollen after such hardcore sex! My young naked step sister rode my dick in cowgirl and reverse cowgirl, slamming herself down on my cock! Fucking. Little. Slut. I never came like that. I filled her pussy to the brim with my sticky cum! 