When this guy comes home he hears a big ruckus coming from the living room where he finds his daughter, a sexy brunette in an elegant schoolgirl outfit, having a vicious catfight with his stepdaughter, a slutty blonde in a much sexier and skimpier schoolgirl uniform. As much as he enjoys watching a catfight, he separates the sisters, sending his daughter to her bedroom so he can have a word with his stepdaughter. During the catfight, she lost every single button in her blouse, so her beautiful tits are showing. He can see how hard and erect her nipples are and he starts kissing her soft lips and rubbing her pussy with his hand in her panties. She is moaning, and her panties are soaked. This blonde teen is totally perfect. She is the perfect teen angel with youthful good looks and flawless skin and girlie parts. He fondles her beautiful titties and her wet pussy, pulling his big throbbing erection from underneath his trousers so he can make his slutty stepdaughter suck and stroke it. She will soon find out that her father has a 10 inch cock! The hot blonde deep throats his cock, choking and gagging along the way, swallowing it all the way down to the base. He holds her head still so he can fuck her mouth, ramming his huge cock down his stepdaughter’s throat. He spreads her legs wide open and she spreads her tender pink pussy lips with her fingers while he tongue fucks her slit. While she rubs her muff, he pushes his big throbbing member deep inside her gushing cunt, fucking his stepdaughter in missionary position. He grabs her tits while banging her and keeps eating her out and she sucks on his balls and jerks his cock. The girl strips naked and gently lowers her lovely pussy on his cock. His huge cock feels so good deep into her vagina, she just tries to keep from moaning. The slutty schoolgirl rides him intensely, slamming herself down on his cock in reverse cowgirl position. When she rides her daddy, I swear to god, I can smell her cunt on the computer screen… 10!! That is the strongest orgasm she has ever had. He fucks his sexy step daughter in many different positions, making her teen pussy cum again and again. It seems she likes it hard and rough! By the time he’s ready to blow his load, she’s already forgot about the silly catfight with her stepsister. Why worry, she gets to fuck her step daddy and she can’t do that! 