My stepsister is a drop the gorgeous skinny blonde and I have a massive crush in her. I spy on her every chance I get, when she’s naked in the shower, when she’s doing her nails in her sexy lingerie on her bed, when she’s masturbating herself on it… and every once in a while, I get caught. I thought my crotch would remain platonic until while doing her homework about the human body she asked me about my cock size, wondering if it was just average or above average! My step sister is sporty shaped cute girl. She was wearing this sexy pink two piece outfit, a sexy long sleeved top and pants. When I told her I had a big dick she didn’t believe me and what a naughty look on her face she told me I would have to show her proof. The surprised and amazed look on her face as she took a long hard look at my big throbbing erection was priceless. “Do you want me to suck it?” This little pervert still couldn’t keep her eyes off my hard cock. Without thinking twice, she held it firmly at the base with both hands and went down on it, sucking it hard and licking the tip of my dick. After giving me one hell of a blowjob, she pulled her top over her delicious tits, her nipples hard and erect as she slipped her pants down her sexy thighs, wearing nothing underneath. “Do you want even more?” She had long, skinny legs and sexy butterfly tattoos on the undersides of her thighs. “Does my little pussy look appetizing enough for you?” She held her pink pussy lips wide open seductively and pushed her glistening clit out. Her bald pussy looked gorgeous! It was warm and slippery. I have always liked petite girls like my step sister. She spread her legs wide open and started playing with herself, gently rubbing, massaging and fingering her glistening slit, showing me how turned on my big hard cock and made her. After letting me watch her masturbate, she drooled all over my cock, lubing it up as she straddled herself on top, sitting on my lap and rubbing my sausage between her tender pink pussy lips. Man, I could feel how wet and hot her pussy was and I just couldn’t wait to be inside her. The teen slut felt the pulsation of my dick between her lips and against her clit. Then she placed my hard dick at the entrance to her pussy. My platonic crush for my beautiful stepsister was turning into reality, I couldn’t believe how fucking lucky I was! Finally, she pushed it inside her, biting her lip and moaning softly as she began riding my cock in cowgirl position. The cute little whore had always wanted to know what it felt like to be fucked by a big cock. The way she moved her hips throat me wild with lust and desire and she rubbed her cunt while she was on top of me. She continued to ride me until I flipped her over doggystyle to hit her G-spot. We were both visibly aroused by the forbidden nature of our sexual encounter, what would our parents think if they were to walk in right now and catch their stepsiblings fucking each other on the living room couch?   The tiny naked girl got down on her hands and knees, looking over her shoulders, showing me that delicious bubble shaped ass, wiggling it as I rammed my cock inside her and fucked her doggie style from behind. “Please keep fucking me. Please… I want you to fuck me so badly!” My naked step sister spread her legs wide open and let me fuck her in missionary. I was pounding in and out of my slippery cunt, my balls were slapping against her ass crack. “Blow your creamy load in my mouth!” She grabbed my throbbing dick and began to jerk and suck me so hard and fast, just like I always imagined. Suddenly it happened. I felt the spurts of my cum explode into her mouth. Her tongue went wild licking it up as it spurted out of my cock. My cock went limp and slid out of her lips. The horny little slut looked up at me, smiled and gulped. My load of sperm slid down her throat. She laughed and said, that was better than masturbation.