After a bad experience with our last nanny, my wife and I decided to hire a new one. Just so we would not get burnt twice, we set up a hidden video camera all over our house. It didn’t take long for the cameras to capture the new nanny, a sexy brunette girl, stealing some money from the drawers. While she was out on a shopping spree, with our hard earned money, we were going over the video footage. She came back and we confronted her. My wife was so upset and felt so betrayed, she asked me to take care of the situation and left the room. I thought I could handle it, even as the teen girl begged for me not to fire her, but when she noticed the way I was looking at her sexy young body, especially her juicy bubble butt and long legs in those skimpy jean shorts, she found my weak spot and took full advantage of it! This teen slut must have been really horny, she got down on her knees as I pulled my pants down I whipped out my full throbbing erection, slapping it against her outstretched tongue, and let me slide my cock into her mouth. I felt her tongue on my balls as she swallowed me to the base. These teens know how to suck cocks! Thick ropes of her saliva mixed with my precum, dripping down her chin. We both stripped naked and got on bed, where fully naked she continued sucking and stroking my member and drooling all over it and my balls. The little slut took one of my balls into her mouth, jerking the cock with her soft hand. I grabbed her by her hair and fucked her mouth, making her gag and choke as I rammed my cock down her throat. The noises the teen slut made while eating my cock were so fucking sexy! I spread her legs wide open and tongue fucked her dripping wet cunt, these young pussies are so sweet! My tongue gently, softly played between her lips, tracing from her hole to her clit. Then I made her get down on her hands and knees, placing my legs over her so she could lean back and sit on my hard cock. I brought the head of my cock to her pussy lips. I could feel her juices hurriedly coating my cock. These teens get wet in a second! She held me tightly as she slowly lowered herself onto me. I looked down, seeing her pink labia wrapped around my dick. She started riding me in a modified reverse cowgirl position. While doing so, the dirty little slut kept looking over her shoulder, stimulating her asshole with her fingers and anal fingering herself. The hot young teen even massaged her muff while riding me. She flipped over and continued riding my cock in cowgirl position, her juicy bubble butt bouncing up and down on my lap. The sensation of her working herself on top of my cock was incomparable. I grabbed her by the neck and looked into her beautiful eyes, feeling her grinding against me, my big throbbing erection stuffing her delicious pussy. I could already feel an orgasm building in her teen vagina as I fucked her slow and deep, one hand holding her neck, the other caressing her asshole.   I was enjoying the fuck of my life with the very same nanny that was stealing money from my wife and I, how fucked up was that shit? I couldn’t help myself, putting her on her back, spreading her legs wide open and fucking her even harder in missionary position. The naked girl moaned louder and I picked up speed, pounding into her body harder and harder sending wave after wave of pleasure throughout her young sensitive body. I reached down, stroking her clit. I told her I was ready to cum and she said she want to swallow all my cum. She grabbed my throbbing cock with her hands and bobbed her head up and down the long shaft, taking all of it into her little mouth. I felt my cum run over her tongue and down her throat as the teen slut groaned her approval. Too bad I forgot all about my wife while fucking the nanny and she caught me cumming in her mouth and pulled her naked out of the house!