I come home and find my beautiful stepdaughter Moka getting a glass of water in the kitchen. Her stepsister Audrey is upstairs in her bedroom, so it’s okay for us to have a little bit of fun down here in the kitchen. It’s our sexy little secret. Moka gets on her knees and pulls down my pants, she already has my cock hard as a rock as she gives me head, sucking and stroking my member. Her sweet lips feel so good kissing the head of my dick. The sexy young girl looks at me with her beautiful eyes while blowing me, holding my shaft firmly at the base, cupping my balls with her soft hands while she deepthroats my erection. I was ready to cum, spilling a load of my nasty sperm into her mouth. Little slut! We are both so concentrated, we don’t notice her sister Audrey until she’s already tapping on her stepsister’s shoulder! We’re so fucking busted! Upset, she just turns away and leaves. Man, we are so bummed out I don’t even cum in Moka’s mouth! I go to Audrey’s room to talk to her about what happened. I thought she was upset because I was fucking her sister, but she was actually jealous! She couldn’t understand why I fucked Moka and never made a move on her! I apologized, letting her know she’s fucking hot and I would love to make up for lost time and fuck her until she got even with her sister! She took off her shorts, got down on all fours against the edge of her bed and begged me to start making up for her by fucking her dripping wet pussy doggy style from behind! She spread her beautiful ass cheeks so just the tip of my cock was between her wet lips. I rub her swollen pussy lips, the head of my cock parted her lips and I pushed it inside her. Audrey has a beautiful bubble shaped ass and her pussy was so fucking tight! It made me wonder why I hadn’t fucked her before! Things were going great, but as soon as she heard her sister nearby, she made me stop and leave the room. Bummer! Later I find them in the room with a suitcase full of stuff. The girls decided since they couldn’t share my dick, Moka would move out! I told them this was not necessary, and if they had so much trouble sharing my cock between each other, maybe the sisters should try sharing it together! So there I was, lying naked in bed with beautiful girls sucking and licking my cock and balls together like loving step sisters! They planted gentle kisses and slid their tongues along the top of my shaft and lightly caressed the head making me throb harder than I already was. The girls looked so beautiful sharing my hard cock! Audrey got on top first, lowered her pussy until my hard dick was completely buried to my balls in her pussy, and began to grind on me. She groaned in response to the feeling of my hot hard cock sliding between her pussy lips. She closed her legs, squeezing me inside, awesome!   My babe has a really lovely pussy. I was looking at her perky and swollen nipples, her pink pussy, very wet and her erect clit that was fully exposed. She rode it, sliding up and down, while her step sister watched and caressed us both. She couldn’t wait for her chance to ride it too! I let her climb on top and enjoy it, with her stepsister sucking on her nipples and fondling her breasts. I fucked the naked girls both in missionary position while watching them having hot lesbian sex with each other. I had lost count the numbers of times I had swapped between the two pussies. I rammed into them furiously, finally blowing my hot and sticky cum all over their faces. They licked it off each other happy to have found the best way to share my cock!