This dad is proud that his beautiful blonde daughter is on her way to the University and he’s showing the house to this dude who will be renting his daughter’s room when she is off to college. While showing him the pool area, he gets to meet her, a drop dead gorgeous blonde with a sensational body in a skimpy pink two piece bikini. This teen is horny as fuck and teases the new guy by flashing him her tits behind her father’s back! She is really nice. Pretty eyes and beautiful face. Her dad lets him hang out a while at the pool, figuring he’ll love it so much that he’ll rent the room and she spots him resting by the shade with his big hard cock dangling from his swimming trunks! In awe at how big and hard it is, the sexy teen babe sits next to him, pushing her bikini bottom aside and playing with her shaved pussy. Her pussy looks so beautiful, her mound is fat and she has a landing strip of hair on her vagina. Turned on by the sexy stranger, she wants to play with it so bad, she strips naked before him and invites him to join her in the pool. There the sexy babe sucks and strokes his rock hard dick for a while, before going back inside so she can show him the rest of the house while he fucks her! She is begging for him to fuck her tight wet pussy before her father comes back. He slams her wet muff from behind over the couch in the living room, fondling her big tits and she straddles herself atop his hard cock and rides him in reverse cowgirl position. He puts the naked teen babe on her back, spreading her legs wide open and fucking her in missionary position. She makes him sit on top of him so she can grab his cock and suck it some more. He fucks her in missionary, sideways and more cowgirl, cradled in his arms while standing and in a pile driver with her shoulders pinned to the rug! Will this dude have enough time to fuck this sexy blonde brains out before her father comes back and sees a really good cum shot all over his daughter’s pretty face? fuck yea! fuck yea! 