Thanks to Tinder, I met this hot small teen with a phat ass and a thirst for hard cock and I invited her over to my yard so we could play together. She showed up in a sexy outfit in tan, a sexy body with garter belt stockings and high heels and I had fun pouring baby oil all over her fabulous bubble shaped ass while she twerked it on my lawn chair. Man, that ass looked hot all slippery and wet, glistening under the sun as she teased me silly with it. My dick was bursting under my pants so she gave me hand with them, pulling them down and admiring my massive erection. It was throbbing so hard, baby! She began licking it from the base, running that slick wet tongue all the way to the tip and tasting the first droplets of precum with a dirty look on her sexy face. She continues wiggled her butt while going down on my dick, deep throating it all the way down to the base. The slut slurps my balls too, slapping my cock against her outstretched pink tongue. She looks me in the eye while jerking my rod with both hands and goes back to sucking hard on my balls. I take the hot teen inside and we get on the couch, she’s on top of me, sucking my cock while I’m eating out her dripping wet cunt and tongue fucking her tight asshole. She dry humps my face while I’m munching on her naughty bits and pouring baby oil all over her ass while doing so. The slippery oil oozes down the crack of her ass and her wet slit. She keeps sucking my dick and my balls while twerking her ass on my face, slapping her clit and her pussy lips my face and moaning loud! With her butt drenched in baby oil she straddles herself on my lap and puts my rock hard cock between her big buttocks, right into her wet cunt and eases herself down on me. The teen slut starts to twerk her ass in reverse cowgirl position as if she is dancing to some unheard rap song. She lustfully looks into my eyes! Watching her perfect ass bounce on my dick makes me wanna fuck the shit out of this babe, she begins pushing her ass downwards to meet my thrusts. I grab that slippery ass and start pumping her furiously! The sexy teen is moaning and screaming, my balls are slapping against her pussy and my pelvic bone is hitting the plug in her ass!!! With every thrust I ram the whole length of my cock deep into her. She is orgasming so hard that I can feel it soaking my balls! I feel her entire lower body tighten. I’m not sure how many times she came, and I’m sure she has no idea. She is lying on her belly and her ass is raised slightly. I’m going to slide my dick between her oiled up ass cheeks, kind of like titjob but with her ass instead. Holding her ass cheeks with my hands I squeeze my dick between them and start rubbing my dick between her oily butt cheeks, finally popping my dick inside her and letting her push her ass back up against my dick. I keep her on her belly, fucking her tight pussy from behind and on top of her, feeling all that slippery oil rubbing against our bodies while we are fucking.   The hot small teen with phat ass begs me to oil her up even more so I just pour the entire body of baby oil all over her naked body, massaging her bubbly butt and her big tits with it, rubbing it all over her sexy belly and her wet muff, feeling how her body squirms with absolute pleasure. I sit on the couch and the naked girl straddles herself on top, sitting on my lap, impaling her cunt on my rock hard cock and sliding her naked body up and down. I press her against me, feeling her sweat and the baby oil oozing down her body as I get ready to cum, splattering sticky jizz all over her ass! With her naked ass high in the air this little bitch spreads her ass cheeks and makes me cum on her used pussy and her asshole. She moans loudly and grabs her buttocks to spread them wider when I cover her ass crack with my cum.