I saw this smoking hot brunette teen bombshell walking down the street in a sexy yellow dress what a cup of coffee in her hands and I just had to talk to her. It didn’t take me long to find out all I needed to know about her. This sexy teen likes big cocks, blowjobs, and public sex almost as much as she likes cash! Good for me, I had the big cock and lots of cash! First I asked her to flash me her tits, a sexy pair of ripe lemons with puffy nipples, what a treat! We went to a nearby backyard, where she flashed me her ass. She’s got one of the best asses around! The babe had this sexy little tight bubble butt, long legs and a hot thong that dug into the crack of her ass, so sexy! It was time to pull out the big guns, so I offered her 200 bucks to give me a blowjob. She drops to her knees, taking my big throbbing erection in her soft hands. The tiny little slut began to work on my huge cock with a gentle touch. She started with her hands stroking it rubbing it rolling it between her palms. The feeling of her wet tongue running up and down from my balls to the tip of the cock made me tense. “Hmm-mm” the hot teen moaned around my cock, the head was between her lips and then she started bobbing her head in a slow steady rhythm, sucking and stroking it hard in the middle of the backyard. “Oh my God, your dick is huge!” I never get tired of hearing that! Grabbing on to my pants and looking around to make sure nobody was watching us, she gave me a glorious hands-free blowjob. She told me she wanted me to take her somewhere private, so I looked for an empty house and we sneaked into the backyard! There, by the pool, the girl got back on her knees and kept eating my sausage. What a great cocksucker, highly recommended! I told her to get down on her hands and knees, hiking her dress over her hips, pulling her sexy thong aside. My cock seemed so big compared to her little pussy and it was aching to fill that tight teenage pussy! Her legs were long, lean and tan and ended at the most perfect ass I had ever seen. She is perfection! I played with her slit and clit, teasing her with the head of my cock, she told me she wanted it from behind. Her juices were literally running down her thighs. Pushing my huge cock into her narrow slit, I spread her small ass cheeks, her tiny body jerked with anticipation as the head of my cock passed through the folds of her pussy, suddenly slick with her wetness. The sight of her beautiful naked ass, her bulging anus between her cute little ass cheeks and my huge cock right in her little cunt is still in my head! I was pushing my hard cock deeper and deeper inside her body, fucking her doggie style from behind. After all, there is no better position for dogging than doggy, right? The young naked girl kept looking over her shoulder while I fucked her, her pussy was so fucking tight and her asshole seemed even tighter and whenever I stopped pounding her she would start pushing her butt back up against my cock, urging me to continue banging her. How can she has such a tight pussy and be such a slut? The expression on her face as I pushed my huge dick all the way inside her ultra tight cunt was priceless!   I sat on a patio chair and the skinny naked girl sat on my lap, letting my dick sink back inside her clam and riding me in reverse cowgirl. Her sexy voice made me want to fuck her so hard she would remember it forever! She told me my cock was making her too hot and she needed to cool off, so she stripped naked and dipped into the pool. She got out ready to keep riding on my cock, this time in cowgirl position, so I could enjoy those sexy little tits and her beautiful face while fucking her. The sexy teen grabbed my hard cock and sucked it some more, jerking it and popping it back inside her. She grabbed on tight to the shade while I filled her pussy with cock! I watched as a huge spurt of hot white cum shot across her cute face. She moaned and whimpered as still sucking my balls, the little slut pumped my cock causing spurt after spurt of cum to spray her tits and stomach too.