When I came back home from college and found my stepmom sitting in my bed I knew I was in trouble. She decided to clean up my room and found my huge stash of condoms. Some open, some closed, some even used and still filled with cum. Man, I felt so fucking embarrassed. My stepmom is a beautiful mature blonde with big tits. She was wearing tight black leggings and an even tighter top so I could see the contours of her juicy bubble butt, her big tits and her erect nipples, which made my cock so fucking hard as she asked me about the condoms, asking me if I had ever fucked a girl bareback. When I said no, I saw her eyes brighten up, she even bit her lip! Noticing the big throbbing bulge my erection was forming under my pants, she unbuttoned me and grabbed my boner in her hands! She took it to her mouth and began sucking my rod! I couldn’t believe this was happening! I could feel my stepmom’s meaty lips wrapped around my cock in her wet tongue wriggling all over my member, stimulating the tip and retrieving the first droplets of precum! She massaged my cock between her big tits! Then she my horny step mom asked me if I ever eaten a pussy before and fantasized about sex with older woman, lowering her naked ass onto my face. I had never really eaten a pussy before but I had seen it in porn. My hands grabbed her ass and pressed her against my face. I began licking her slit and even found her clit with my lips. I reached up to grab her tits, pushing them together and squeezing them. She grabbed my dick and began sucking it in a 69 position! I was ready to blow in seconds right in her mouth but she wanted my dick in her cunt! My naked step mom sat on me and I placed my hands on her buttocks to pull her close, my erection pushing between her legs. She held me close to her beautiful breasts and I enjoyed the feeling of her big tits pressed tightly against my face. She had a pair of the most beautiful boobs. Her breasts were full and round. All I could do was lick and suck on her erect nipples. The horny MILF got down on her hands and knees, pushing my cock inside her dripping wet pussy and telling me she wanted me to fuck her bareback! She wanted to be the very first slut I fucked without a condom! The hot mature woman rode my pussy and I fucked her in missionary position, eating her out and fingering her asshole until I was ready to blow my load inside of her cunt, leaving my stepmom with a sticky creampie! 