This guy and his hot blonde girlfriend put on sexy costumes and decided to go around the neighborhood trick-or-treating. When they knock on the door to this house they are received by a gorgeous brunette with a hot body, dressed up as a sexy devil. She doesn’t have any candy left, but she invites them over to see if she can give them something else. She makes them sit on the couch and immediately straddles herself on top of the boyfriend! His girlfriend is upset, but the brunette lifts her top and starts sucking on her perky pierced nipples, warming her up to this special treat she’s giving them. The blonde has never been with another girl before and this is a big fantasy that gets her pussy wet when she realizes she can make it cum true with her boyfriend by her side! His biggest fantasy is a threesome, so he’s not complaining when his girl starts making out with the hot brunette devil babe! This is so much better than any candy she could give them! The naughty girls grab his hard cock and start sucking and stroking it together. The sexy devil babe grabes blonde’s hair and pushes her head against his dick, making her deepthroat it and even lick his scrotum with her tongue! She literally fucks his dick with her head, holding her ponytail. The she shows how she can suck the blonde’s boyfriend’s dick. The girls play with his cock together, caressing the sensitive head of his cock with their tongues, lapping their drooling up with their tongues and exploring each other’s mouths. Then the busty devilish brunette straddles herself on top and rides it in reverse cowgirl, making her big tits bounce up and down. His girlfriend sits on his face so he can eat her out, her pussy is gushing like crazy! She is clearly enjoying this; she begins to rock her hips, moving her wet pussy along his mouth. His girlfriend gets on top and rides him while the brunette plays with her bubble butt and caresses his balls. Nice firm tits with piercings and a juicy pussy! He stands up, lifts his hot girlfriend in his arms and keeps fucking her in standing position. The sext brunatte is under her, licking his balls and trying to fuck her asshole. The sexual tension and pleasure are building up to boiling point with in her. His blonde girlfriend has the strongest orgasm ever, crying and shaking uncontrollably from orgasmic pleasure. The naked girls eat each other out and suck his cock while he fucks them both and gives them a treat, a huge load of creamy cum for them to share! 