It’s Halloween and Juan walks over to his girlfriend Candy’s house wearing his geeky wizard costume, ready to go trick and treating with her. He knocks on the door and is greeted by Candy’s beautiful blonde cougar stepmom, disguised as a lovely witch. Candy’s not ready yet, so she invites him to come inside and wait for her. After bringing this Harry Potter some cookies and milk, she decides to show him what’s underneath her witch’s costume, a sexy black lace lingerie outfit with a sexy garter belt and stockings that gets his magical wand hard as a rock! This MILF decides to take his shyness into her own hands! She buries Harry Potter’s face between her big tits and grabs his hard wand, sucking and stroking it so she can get his magic juice. When the teen girl comes down in her costume, she can’t see her horny stepmom under the table sucking her boyfriend’s cock, licking and massaging his balls! But when the girl returns she finds her naked stepmom is already riding her boyfriend’s dick! The beautiful woman enjoys the feeling of this rock-hard young cock. She takes his hands and puts them on her big tits, making him massage her breasts. This madame really knows how to ride a dick! The sight of her bf’s cock pumping into her motherly vagina was an incredible turn-on for the teen girl! The MILF talks her into joining them for a hot trick and treating threesome fuck! The girls suck and stroke that delicious magic wand together and Candy gapes as she gets her tight pussy impaled on it, with her hot stepmom having some kinky lesbian fun with her very own stepdaughter! He kisses her wet lips and pushes her slick tongue down her throat, sitting on her boyfriend’s face so he can eat her out while Candy rides his dick in cowgirl position and plays with her stepmom’s big tits. She flips over and rides him in reverse, with her stepmom rubbing her wet snatch and making her cum like a dirty slut. Juan gets to fuck his sweet Candy and her slutty cougar stepmom all night long. The mom is teaching the young teen how to fuck harder and better. Finally he’s ready to work some magic with his wand, spraying the cougar’s big tits with his hot and sticky cum! 