When Apolonia’s dad walks into her bedroom he finds the super hot brunette Latina lying on her bed in her sexy red lace lingerie. He’s sure he heard some noises, but she lets him know that everything is okay. He’s very jealous and protective of her, and with reason, who wouldn’t want to fuck a sexy Latina bombshell like her? I know I would, after all, I’m the guy hiding in the closet! The daddy finally leaves and as hot as Apolonia is and as tight as her Latina pussy is, I want to leave too and not run the risk of getting caught by her overprotective dad, but she begs me to stay and it’s so hard to say no to this sexy little Latina slut. I guess I’m going to have to fuck this tight Latina pussy extra quietly so her dad doesn’t hear us! She gets totally naked, her body so fucking hot, lean and mean, with sexy curves, nice tits and a perfect bubble butt. As she unzips my cock she tells me how hard I am in Spanish with that sultry accent that makes me so fucking hot. The little babe sucks and strokes my cock, moving her red lips, wrapped tightly around my dick, slowly back and forth over my head and shaft, using her hand to keep my dick steady. She starts to kiss my dick and cover it with her lipstick. This slim and sexy beauty woke up horny as hell and thirsty for big dick! She spreads her legs wide open and lets me lick her wet slit. LOVE that sweet tight pussy omg I can come just smelling that pussy fuck it real good. She presses my head against her flesh as I drink from her. The horny teen girl wants me to eat that pussy out and then fuck the he’ll out of her. She opens her legs and I slowly slide my dick in her tight slit! She is probably the most beautiful woman in the world! Simply stunning. I fuck her bald shaved pussy in missionary position, making her moan in pleasure. Her red lips are opened. She has the smallest, the cutest and the tightest pussy! LOVE that sweet tight pussy! She meets each of my thrusts with her own, trying to feel my dick deeper in her vagina. I lie flat on my back and the young naked girl straddles herself on top, rubbing her wet slit in front of my face and riding me in cowgirl position. She rubs her muff and then flips over, making her tight ass bounce up and down my lap while riding me in reverse cowgirl. I put her on her table and fuck her pussy. I cover her mouth with my hand to muffle her screams as sometimes she gets so loud during orgasm. Suddenly her father comes back so I have to hide under the table and this is the perfect place to play with her pink pussy again! I fuck her from behind and finally I can’t hold on to my orgasm any longer and I blow my load all over her beautiful face and her naked body and leave before her daddy finds me! 