After my wife realized somebody had been messing with her dildos, I installed several spy cams all over the house and pretty soon the video footage showed me the culprit. Our sexy blonde teen nanny was using her sex toys to masturbate whenever we weren’t at home. What a slut! What she was doing was wrong, yet, at the same time, I couldn’t help getting aroused while watching our nanny totally naked and fucking her dripping wet pussy with my wife’s biggest dildo. What a turn on! That’s why I didn’t tell my wife and I decided to handle this privately. Pretending not to be home, it didn’t take long for the nanny to snatch a dildo from my wife’s cabinet and take it to the bathroom, using it to fuck herself under the shower. I watched the footage for a while, and when my cock was about to burst, I went in to confront her. I stripped naked and got in the shower with her! She looked so good fully naked. The teenage girl had the most beautiful body, cute little ass, nice titties and I saw that her pussy was clean shaven. She was the perfect teen angel with youthful good looks and flawless skin and girlie parts. The naked girl was shocked when she saw me, but I quickly let her know we were aware of her naughty actions. I told the nanny I was willing to keep this a secret from my wife, if she was willing to let me take that dildo’s place! She sealed the deal by spreading her sexy legs in front of me. I saw her beautiful pussy, a delightful silky smooth crack! She was simply stunningly beautiful and her pussy lips were so tasty looking. The young naked girl was moving her pelvis, rubbing her pussy lips all over my face coating me with her juices. My mouth was full of the delicious taste of young pussy nectar. My nose was filled with the intoxicating scent of sweet pussy. I wriggled my tongue in between her pussy lips she grab my hair and pressed my head harder between her legs. Then the tiny naked girl dropped to her knees, opening her little mouth and beginning to suck on it and stroking my throbbing erection under the shower. We moved to the bedroom and I kept enjoying the amazing blowjob this hot blonde teen was giving me. Then she straddled herself on top and lowered her wet cunt on top of my cock. It felt so good! My cock slid deep into her very wet pussy and she started riding me gently in cowgirl position. She had a beautiful bubble shaped ass that looked amazing bouncing up and down my lap as she took my dick inside her. The naked girl flipped over and continued riding my dick in reverse cowgirl, grinding and swerving her juicy butt. Man, this girl is so much hotter, younger and tighter than my wife! I much as I love her, I was happy to be able to bang the nanny thanks to her playing with her sex toys! I made her get down on her hands and knees and she wiggled her hot ass while I rubbed my dick up and down her wet slit, finally pushing it all inside her wet muff and fucking the nanny doggy style from behind. When I stopped banging her, she’d push her bubble butt back up against my cock, urging me to continue pounding her tight cunt with my hefty cock. The young teen rolled onto her back and spread her legs, lifting her knees and I kept pumping her little pussy. I squeezed her clit between her pussy lips with my fingers. The pressure and pleasure was too much for her. “Yes! Fuck! I’m Cummmminggg!” she cried out.   The petite naked girl watched intently as the fat cock inched inside her little cunt, spreading her wet lips. My orgasm came over me and I was soon filling her mouth with my semen. I fucked her mouth with a frenzy and could see her cheeks blowing out with each thrust inward. There she was, sitting there fully naked and covered in my sticky cum, looking more beautiful than ever. “I want you to make me dinner and not clean yourself up” I say looking at the slutty nanny. “Yes sir” After fucking the hot teen good on the couch and cumming all over her she promised she’d stop using my wife’s sex toys. Now I just have to make sure I delete all the footage the spy cams have captured of me fucking the nanny, or my wife is really going to get pissed! One thing is messing with her dildos, another one is messing with her husband’s cock!