This sexy babe with curly bangs tells her college classmate about her heartbreak and the conversation quickly gets flirty when they find themselves alone at the Laundromat. Turns out this horny little teen has been wanting to suck his big white cock for a while and the feeling is mutual! It’s now or never, so with the excuse of washing the shirt she’s wearing, she shamelessly takes it off and tosses it with the rest of her dirty laundry. He tells her that maybe she should wash her denim shorts too, so she takes them off, happy to see he’s playing along with her. The game goes on until he’s fully naked and the ebony teen is topless, baring her big beautiful tits, her nipples already fully erect, same as his delicious cock. She initiate a revenge fuck by putting her cock-sucking lips to good use! She drops to her knees and begins sucking and stroking it. Taking advantage of the empty laundromat, he grabs her curls and pushes her head against his crotch, fucking her mouth, ramming his white cock down her throat, making her choke and gag on it. He spreads her legs wide open, rubbing her muff and eating her out. She has the most wonderful black pussy! Wearing just her sexy fuck me shoes, she leans over the washing machine as her college classmate penetrates and fucks her ebony pussy from behind. He lies flat on his back on the laundromat floor and the black naked girl straddles herself on top, her juicy bubble butt facing his way as she rides his boner in reverse cowgirl position, her beautiful big tits bouncing up and down. Is there anything better than natural breasts with nicely sized areolas and nipples hanging and jiggling while their owner is being serviced? Very pretty skinny girl with gorgeous tits! They fulfill their fantasy of fucking each other’s brains out in the empty laundromat! She flips over, facing him as she continues bouncing on his rod. She can feel how tight his balls are getting, this means her college classmate is just about to cum and she wants him to spray all that hot and sticky semen all over her beautiful face, her open mouth and her big tits! This black teen looks all happy taking his cumshot not paying any attention to her ex boyfriend who has came and watches what is happening. Don’t miss more ebony scenes with sexy black girls! 