My stepsis is really upset, she is already 18, still a virgin and her prom is coming very soon. I can understand the pressure and I told her I was there to help her in any possible way. I was quite surprised when the little slut confessed that the only cock she had ever seen was mine! Turns out she was curious about it so she sneaked into my bedroom when I was sleeping and took a tiny peek, recalling it seemed quite big. It was such a turn on to hear this from her, and since her recollection was giving me an erection, I told her she could take a better look if she wanted to! The expression of excitement on her face when she heard this was priceless! She got on her knees and pulled down my shorts and boxers, amazed at how big and hard my cock was! She had never sucked a cock before but realized that I wanted her to suck on “it,” so she did. She started by feeling it with her soft hands. She began to stroke it with her hands and kiss it with her warm lips. My sexy step sister seemed to enjoy it because she was trying to push my dick down her throat. She started sucking and stroking it harder and I told her to stand up and lean against the fridge, pulling her shorts down and exposing her juicy bubble butt. Her naked ass looked so inviting. She was wet, a virgin and ready. She was not sure and gently, I push my hard cock into her but her little cunt was so tight. When the tip of my dick slipped in, she let out a small screem. I pushed deeper stretching it out inch by inch and popping her cherry! She loved it! I was already going to cum in her little pussy when she suddenly stopped me. Matter of fact, a couple of hours later I find her in her bedroom, naked and humping her pillow! Her big naked ass was gorgeous! I could see her wet slit between her bubble ass cheeks. I told her I could show her something and put my cock between her big tits! Her boobs were amazing and her nipples were pink and swollen. Then she spread her legs and I fucked her muff in missionary position. Fucking my very own step sister was so fucking hot, I pulled out of her cunt and sprayed a load of hot cum all over her belly, on her tits and her bush. By the time of her prom night, she was an expert sucking cock and fucking like a porn star! 