My step daughter is a very private person and since lately she has been acting a bit strange I decided to sneak into her bedroom when she was not home, just to make sure everything is okay. I was quite surprised when I found all sorts of sexy lingerie and an extensive collection of sex toys in her drawers! That’s when I heard the front door. Damn! She was back earlier than expected! She didn’t even give me a chance to sneak out of her bedroom, and I hid behind her bed, hoping she wouldn’t see me. Not knowing I was there, she undressed, climbed on her bed wearing just a tiny thong and dialed a number on her smart phone. I started crawling out of the room and I was just about to make a clean exit… when my phone started ringing! She was calling me! I was busted spying on her, and to make things worse, I had a big bulge throbbing hard under my pants! The hot teen saw it and gave me a naughty look, getting on her knees and unbuckling my pants! Realizing where she was going, I relaxed and allowed her soft hands found my erect cock. She looked up at me and not saying any words opened her mouth, took my cock in and started sucking. My naked step daughter began giving me head and massaging my dick with her soft hands, I couldn’t believe this was really happening! She told me it was okay, she did this to all her mom’s previous boyfriends and enjoyed getting fucked by them and wanted me to fuck her too! This would be our little secret! I threw the young naked girl on her bed and pulled off her thong. I knew what she wanted and kissed her nipples and moved my lips down to her sweet, warm, wet pussy. Her beautiful pink pussy was in front of my face! Only a few inches more and I would taste her young pussy nectar. I ate her out, spread her legs and began banging her wet slit with my hard cock. I held her close as my cock invaded her body, pumping in and out of her young pussy, faster and faster. In a few minutes, I pulled my naked stap daughter over atop me just to feel the contact of her taut body against me. She rode me like a naughty cowgirl, slamming her wet cunt against my hard cock, bumping her clit roughly against me. Now her favorite sex toys my hard-on! Her vaginal muscles clenched my throbbing cock. I felt the pressure of my orgasm explode through my dick into the depths of her teen vagina. Several intense jets of semen gush into her young pussy! I was cumming like crazy from the solid pounding. I pulled out and just looked at her lying there on her bed with white sticky cum oozing out of her cunt. The teen slut promised to keep her mouth shut. 