This sexy redhead cougar mom wants her son to know the world, so she’s sending him on a trip to France and she even got him a hot French teacher so he can learn the language. He’s so motivated, he comes down to his first home class with a red beret and scarf, a fake French mustache and even a baguette under his arm! The sexy French teacher thinks he looks cute and adorable! Matter of fact, she thinks he’s sexy and wants to get a bite out of his big baguette! While teaching him sexy French sexual slang, she “accidentally” drops her pen, asking him to pick it up. The smile on her face as she dropped her pen was almost devilish. While the boy does so, his Hot French teacher spreads her legs wide open, pulling her cotton panties aside so he can take a look at her delicious, dripping wet pink pussy. Making sure his mom doesn’t see them, she makes him sit by her side, grabbing his hand and placing it over her cunt so he can rub and finger at while she whips out his big throbbing erection from underneath his pants and begins jerking it, feeling how big and hard it gets in her hands. The French teacher continues masturbating his young cock even when his mom sits right across them on the kitchen table. This French slut smiles at him and his mom and holds his cock lovingly with her sexy fingers. When the mom turns her back to them again, the French teacher sneaks under the table so she can pop his big juicy dick inside her wet mouth and give him a blowjob, sucking it hard and licking his balls. She swallows his teen cock all the way down to the base, drooling all over it. These French women know how suck a dick! The kid’s mom is just a few feet away from them, doing the dishes, and if she were to turn her back she definitely wouldn’t like what she would see! That’s not what her son is supposed to be learning from his French teacher! She grabs him by his cock and dragged him to the living room, sitting on the couch while she continues the lesson, sucking on the boy’s young cock. The sexy babe is extremely turned on! The lesson in the language of love goes on. She removes her panties and lies down with her legs spread wide open so he can eat her out, feeling his slick tongue wriggling inside her cunt. A sexy triangle of dark pubic hair decorates the area above her vulva. French women are hairy and the boy likes it! He moans against her clitoris, and pushes his tongue between her dripping lips, lapping up the juices that are flooding out of her. His mom comes back right as the gorgeous and busty tutor straddles herself on top of his lap and pushes his young hard cock inside her muff. Fortunately, from her angle, his mother can’t see him, or what they are doing. When she leaves, the French teacher removes her blouse, letting her big all natural tits bounce up and down as she rides her student’s massive erection in cowgirl position. This hot babe is actually looking forward to tasting his young sperm. Her big boobs look absolutly amazing! The boy starts kissing her breasts and sucking on her nipples gently. Oh yesssss!   Continuing the French lesson on the couch she strips totally naked, squats on top and rides him in reverse cowgirl. He holds her by her waist, rubs and squeezes her gorgeous big tits while she pushes her body up and down. Then she gets on her back so the young boy can keep fucking her in missionary position. The naked woman teaches him all nasty French sex positions until he comes. The horny French teacher senses that the kid is close to blowing his load and she grabs his hot throbbing cock and suck his as fats as she can. She stays glued to his young teasty cock and swallows every drop of his seed even when his mom comes back. When he travels to France, his French is going to suck, but at least he will know how to fuck! Don’t miss this full video and one of the best pair of French tits.