The dude is hanging out with his old man when his sexy brunette stepsister Jasmine comes back home from college. It’s been some time since he last seen her and she’s looking hot as fuck! On her way to the bathroom, she looks back and gives him a sexy look. Intrigued, he follows her and spies on her through the bathroom door and she gets naked and takes a hot shower, lathering up her beautiful body. There’s nothing more beautiful than young naked girls taking shower, lathering up pussy and tits. The water cascade down her bare body, dripping from her nipples, running over the taut abdomen. You see her pretty little mound, shaved down to a landing strip. He lets her know he’s there, stripping naked and joining her in the shower. It’s been a long time since they showered together and she presses her hot naked body against his, making out while passing her hands his body and feeling his over hers. The naked girl gets down on her knees and starts sucking and stroking his big throbbing erection when his dad comes knocking on the bathroom door looking for her. He asked like he doesn’t know where she is and the teens sneak behind his back to her bedroom so they can fuck. He kisses and sucks her yummy titties, caressing her pussy with her hand and then throws his naked step sister on the bed. He spreads her legs wide open and sucks off all her juices. How delicious her teenage pussy is! She spreads her pussy lips for him and he inserts his hard cock in her wet warm pussy and starts fucking her really hard in missionary position. She moans and grunts softly as he bangs her, thrusting his hips forward, driving his cock deeper into her. Her pink cunt looks amazing in this position! He puts the hot teen down on all fours, fucking her doggie style from behind while placing her on a headlock. They always loved wrestling together, which eventually turned into them fucking together! He places his hand over her mouth to muffle her screams, or else his dad is going to figure out he’s banging his step sister! He fondles her big tits while she rides on his hard cock, rising higher and slamming herself down on him over and over again. He feels like he will cum any minute if she don’t stop and she doesn’t stop, making him give her a creamy facial cumshot and swallowing his cum! 