I love watching my hot blonde girlfriend in her sexy schoolgirl outfit while visiting her at her school. When nobody was watching, she dragged me into the school’s bathroom where she started teasing me, snapping sexy selfies in front of the bathroom mirror while I watched her. She seems like an innocent, shy college girl, but underneath her short skirt and white blouse, she’s a horny slut who loves to suck and fuck cock! She teased me by taking photos of her naked pussy and I couldn’t help but drool over that sweet, succulent ass of hers! The horny schoolgirl looked around to make sure nobody was nearby, then she got down on her knees and started sucking and stroking my rock hard cock. Yeah, my girlfriend is into dogging, exhibitionism and sex in public really turns her on. She licked and sucked on my balls with a naughty look on her face, hiking up her checkered skirt and pulling her cotton panties down her knees. Leaning over the bathroom counter in front of the mirror, she wiggled her naked butt, urging me to penetrate and fuck her little pussy from behind with my big hard cock. Man, my girl was dripping wet and her pussy felt so fucking hot and slippery. I know we can get in trouble if we get caught fucking in her school’s bathroom, but she gets so turned on when we do shit like this, the risk is well worth it. She spread her juicy bubble butt cheeks wide open with her hands so I could penetrate her really deep with my dick. Instead of studying for her exams, she took off the skirt and leaned against the counter with her legs spread wide open so I could bang her in missionary position. Once in a while we hear steps down the hall and wonder if somebody will come inside the bathroom and find us just fucking there! What a thrill! I keep pumping her tight pussy, watching her beautiful breasts peeking over her bra, her nipples all puffy and erect. We can still remember the first time we fucked, it was in this very same bathroom at her school, that’s why this is such a special place for us and we love fucking inside here every chance that we get. She begs me to keep fucking her very hard and screams really loud as my big dick makes her cum, her naked body squirming as I pull her closer to me, feeling her hot naked skin as I get ready to give her all my hot and sticky cum for her to enjoy in the school bathroom. 