Fucking my slutty grounded stepdaughter after she decided to sneak out! My wife made it pretty clear to me before leaving for work that her daughter was grounded for the weekend, so I was pretty surprised when I saw that my slutty grounded step daughter had decided to sneak out of the house, thinking that I wouldn’t see her. She was wearing a sexy white top, denim skirt, a sexy pink choker and fuck me heels. She was probably going out with her friends or on a hook up with some random guy. One way or another, she wasn’t sneaking out on my watch. The teenage girl kept begging me to let her out and I decided to let her have their way, but not before I had my way with her first! I made her bend over, hiking up her denim skirt. Dirty little slut wasn’t wearing anything underneath and her naked juicy little bubble butt looked really hot and sexy. I spread her ass cheeks and a very naughty idea came to my mind. “You are not serious, we cannot …!” “Why not?!” I pushed my big throbbing member inside her wet cunt and started fucking my stepdaughter from behind. I held on to her buttocks and squeezed and fondled her firm ass cheeks as I pounded my cock in and out of her pussy. The little bitch spread her butt cheeks wide open with my hands so I could fuck her even deeper, just like her mom does. She flipped over and spread her legs wide open so I could bang her in missionary position. She had a sexy piercing in her pussy and it felt so great rubbing against my cock while I was plowing her. Her young pussy was wet and sloppy! As we fucked, she pulled her top over her breasts, exposing her pierced nipples. I was now fucking her pussy and my cock was making rhythmic movements in and out of her love tunnel. Each time my balls hit her clit she moaned, every time my head nudged her cervix she gave a “uugh” in reply. After a couple of minutes, she arched her back, and I felt I was cumming inside her! I started pumping harder and harder. She wrapped her legs around my waist, she felt me cumming inside of her. “Fuck me, fuck me! Oh, oh, yes right there!” Her pulsating muscles milking load after load of cum from my throbbing cock. After fucking her hard and blowing my load I let her go and told her I would keep her secret as long as she kept our sexy little fuck a secret from her mom too. The teen slut came back home early the next morning and snuck into my bedroom, uncovering my big morning wood. I woke up pleasantly surprised to find my beautiful stepdaughter sucking and stroking my rock hard cock. She told me she had spend the entire evening out with her friends just fantasizing about my cock and how bad she wanted me to fuck her again! The little slut said that it was an amazing feeling of my sperm leaking out of her all day!   After sucking my cock the sexy girl stripped naked in front of me, putting my hands all over her hot naked body, urging me to fondle her tits and her juicy bubble butt, rubbing and finger fucking her dripping wet pussy hard and deep. The young teen girl told me that from now on she wanted to be my little fuck slut so I could fuck her brains out whenever her mom was not around the house. I didn’t even have to let her sneak out of the house or anything, she didn’t care about going out anymore, she just wanted to stay in and get pounded hard over and over by her step daddy! I straddled her on top of my lap and impaled her gushing cunt on my big throbbing member, fucking my stepdaughter. We fucked each other frantically breathing heavy and grunting and moaning until I was ready to blow my load all over her slutty face, open mouth and beautiful titties with pierced nipples!