Skylar is a slutty redhead coed with a nose ring, drop dead gorgeous body and big tits and she’s meeting her mom’s new boyfriend for the very first time. She’s acting like a spoiled brat with both of them, since she would much rather be hanging out with her friends are sucking some random guy’s cock instead of being in a boring barbecue with her boring mom and her boring new boyfriend. Well, that’s what she’s thinking while skimming through her smart phone, but when she turns over and sees her mom’s new boyfriend offering her his big hard sausage cleverly placed between two buns, she immediately changes her mind. She has never seen such a big juicy dick before and she’s quite jealous of her mom for getting such a catch. The hot teen takes his rock hard erection in her hands and starts stroking it, totally amazed with how hard it gets in her hands. She’s ready to take a taste, when her mom interrupts them. So close! That’s okay, she’s sure she’ll get her chance. Her mom is so happy to see Skyler’s new disposition, she’s even helping her boyfriend out with the barbecue! Actually, she’s helping him with his erection, jerking his hard cock behind her mother’s back. Hidden behind the barbecue, the she drops to her knees and starts sucking and stroking it like a dirty little fuck slut. Her boyfriend’s mom fondles her big tits and sucks on her nipples while rubbing her muff. When they finally sit by the table, the mom’s slut strokes his dick with her feet and he fucks her cunt with his big toe in return, waiting for her mom to leave. They are going to turn this barbeque into a blow and fuck-fest! The mom’s new boyfriend likes the way she looks with her big tits and curvy ass squeezed into a crop top and tiny skirt and with her boobs pulled out she looks much better! She looks around the backyard and then at him as she slowly strips from the waist down, lifting her skirt up and parking her naked ass onto his cock. She sits on his laps and his waiting rod slips up into her as she starts to work her hips slowly up and down on his laps. She starts riding the mom’s new boyfriend, bouncing her phat ass up and down in a lap dance. Damn I love seeing her juicy ass ride cock! Her big tits bounce up and down while getting her pussy impaled by that massive sausage as she rides on it in cowgirl position, pushing her tits against her mom’s boyfriend’s face. She gets on her knees again, sucking it hard and tasting her pussy on it.   Then he puts the sexy babe over the table, spreading her legs wide open and fucking her dripping wet pussy in missionary position. He fucks her girlfriend’s slutty daughter on the picnic table every time she goes inside, and the teen even gets away with riding his dick right in front of her oblivious mother. Will these freaky backyard frolickers be caught before Logan has a chance to spray his special barbeque sauce all over her freckled face? He pulls out of her cunt and shoots his load, spraying hot spunk all over her tits and face just in time when her mom comes back! His girlfriend shouts from shock but he just can’t stop cumming, he looks down at his cock and it keeps spraying jets after jets on her daughter’s face. You won’t want to miss more amazing sneaky sex scenes with the hottest teens. Reality Kings, aka RK, is the place on the web where teen girls get crazy, wild and naked!