Finding a good nanny is so hard these days. After an extensive search and interviewing dozens of applicants, I hired this beautiful blonde as our new nanny. She had the best curriculum, she aced the interview and on top of that, she looked fucking hot as hell. Her sexy smile and big tits captivated me. I had always been attracted to girls with big tits. Just to play it safe, and based on previous bad experiences, my wife and I had several hidden cameras installed throughout the house and it didn’t take me long to find our beautiful nanny enjoying herself by the pool, sunbathing topless! Man, as I watched the footage of her rubbing lotion all over her big tits, I got hard and started playing with myself. She took off the bikini bottom too, put lotion all over her juicy bubble butt and took to the Jacuzzi, totally naked! I couldn’t believe what I was seeing, our beautiful nanny masturbating herself in the Jacuzzi! After cumming, she actually fell asleep, so I decided to go over and wake her up. She knows the rules, and shouldn’t be doing anything like that, so I decided to use the video evidence as leverage and it didn’t take her long to be on her knees, sucking and stroking my rock hard cock! The busty babe gave me an incredible blowjob, grabbing my cock and placing it between her big tits, massaging it with them. Man, my wife has tiny titties, so I was in heaven fucking her big jugs! I took her to the bedroom and threw her on the bed, spreading her legs wide open, squeezing those big tits while I ate her out, tongue fucking her dripping wet cunt. Keeping her legs spread, I rammed my cock deep inside her mouth and began pounding her in missionary position. These young teens are so hot and their little pussies are so wet! The naked girl was moaning and grunting at the top of her lungs, letting me know how good it felt getting fucked by her boss! I lied on the bed and let her straddle herself on top, her big bubble butt facing my way as she rode me in reverse cowgirl position. I massaged her cunt while banging her and flipped her over so I could play with those massive tits, pressing her hot naked body against my own, feeling them against my chest. She confessed that while she was masturbating herself in our Jacuzzi she was thinking about my cock and how bad she wanted to suck and fuck it and how happy she was that I actually caught her in the act and made it happen! I kept switching her back and forth in different positions, grabbing her meaty ass, groping her boobs and sucking on her puffy nipples while I stuffed her perfect pussy with my cock meat until I was ready to blow my load, blasting lots of hot and sticky cum all over her face, her open mouth and her big tits. 