My girlfriend is so fucking hot and sexy, I always want to fuck her brains out, but lately, it seems like I just can’t get any! It’s been weeks since we fucked, and she’s always coming up with some excuse! She’s late for work, having her period, or her stepmom is in the next room. Frustrated, I left her talking on her phone and went inside the house. As I walked down the hall I found her beautiful stepmom down on her hands and knees while cleaning the bathroom wearing a sexy two piece bikini! Man, her juicy bubble butt looked so fucking hot and I was so damn horny. Thinking of the hot woman getting fucked by my giant cock made me hard, I whipped out my cock right there and began jerking off to my girl’s stepmom’s ass! I stared at her half naked, mature, but still luscious body! I could even see her asshole which the thong strip barely protected. When she looked over her shoulder, she saw me masturbating! Oh my God, how awkward! I thought she would be upset or would tell my girlfriend about this, but it was quite the opposite! She let me explain what was going on with her stepdaughter and actually understood my situation. Matter of fact, she was more than happy to help me out and before I knew it, she was done on her knees, jerking my cock, trying to understand why her stepdaughter was letting such a huge cock go to waste! She didn’t even take off her pink rubber gloves to jerk me off, popping my dick in her mouth and sucking it hard. It had been so long since I got a blowjob I was so fucking turned on by the fact that it was my girlfriend’s stepmom doing it, that I just grabbed her head and pushed it against my crotch, fucking her mouth! She was really surprised but loved it! I watched down at her in awe and she swallowed my big cock deep into her throat. She is a beautiful MILF with a great bod and beautiful oral skills. She bent her over the bathroom counter, pulled her thong down and told me to fuck her cunt from behind before her daughter came back. I pounded her pussy from behind, getting to watch her perfect ass bounce against my cock and balls! She started to thrust her hips back and forth as my cock slid in and out of her cunt. I started fucking her faster and faster ready to cum in her from behind, just as my girlfriend was passing through the hallway! She was really pissed off and ready to throw a fit, but her stepmom called her out on her bull shit, telling her dad if she didn’t want me to fuck her stepmom, she should never have let me go so long without fucking her pussy! Damn right! My girlfriend realized her stepmom was right and decided to make it up to me by joining us in a hot threesome fuck! Good thing her horny stepmom was on hand to show her how to please a boyfriend with a handjob and blowjob! Fucking wow! The girls almost fought over who would suck my dick first and who was better in sucking me. Now this was getting fucking interesting! I was going from being high and dry to getting my hard cock sucked and stroked by my girlfriend and her hot stepmom at the same time! The naked woman took us to her bedroom and made me lie on my back on her bed. When she was busy sucking my dick her horny step daughter managed to take off her panties and fully naked straddled herself on top of my rock hard cock, pushing it inside her tight lovehole and riding me in cowgirl.   Her stepmom watched with maternal pride how she slammed herself down forcefully, driving my huge cock deep into her cunt. Then she rode my dick too, in reverse cowgirl! “You like seeing my mom slamming her big ass down on your big hard cock?”  I kept fucking the naked girls, pounding my gf’s pussy from behind while she was eating out her mom’s cunt. Then with the naked girls in 69, the hot woman was licking my balls while I was driving my dick deep into my girl’s cunt. “FUCK THE SHIT OUT OF HER! Pound it mother fucker… Pound her CUNT!” Her pussy lips flared in and out with each stroke. After fucking both of them I came all over them like a fountain watching the naked girls quickly swallow as much of my sperm as they could.