My stepsis is a sexy, skinny brunette slut and she’s very, very horny! She called me into her bedroom and when I get there she’s totally naked in her bed and playing with her pussy. Our parents are in the next room but she doesn’t care, she likes to show me her pussy and to make me eat her out and sucking my dick at every opportunity she gets. She sits on her bed and spreads her legs. I can’t believe my eyes! I’m given a perfect view of my sister’s pussy! She bites on her lips while massaging her cunt and the perky nipples on her small breasts are so hard. I spread her pussy lips with my fingers, feeling how wet her slit is, as I stick one finger inside it and the other in her tight asshole. So fucking hot! She likes feeling like a porn star! While I double penetrate her with my fingers, the young pornstar massages her muff, moaning and grunting softly. After making her cum with my fingers my horny step sister tells me that she wants me to taste her pussy. She doesn’t have to tell me two times! I dive between her legs and starts eating her out and she wraps her thighs around my head, pushing it against her muff. She has to cover her mouth with her hand so her screams of lust don’t alert our parents in the next room, cumming as I eat her out, licking her slit and sucking on her young sensitive clitoris. The next day, the little slut finds me in the living room and walks towards me in her sexy top and shorts, letting me know that our parents are not home and we have the house to ourselves. She starts stripping naked right in front of me, watching my cock get hard and teasing me with her juicy bubble butt, spreading her ass cheeks wide open so I can see her asshole and pink pussy burger between her cute ass cheeks. She gets on her knees, sucking and stroking my fat cock while she masturbates herself. Her little mouth sucks in more and more of my dick, this girl is going to find out how much cum I have in my balls! Her moaning make me start to cum, I push my throbbing cock in her mouth faster and faster. When I tell her I’m going to cum, she keeps sucking my dick, making me blow my load inside her mouth. She swallows every single drop of my jizz, turns and walks away totally naked, wiggling her butt. What a fucking tease! A few weeks later she tells me that our parents went away for a couple of weeks, so we can fuck as loud as we want to! We get naked right there in the patio, and the sexy naked girl sits on my cock, places my raging erection and positions it between her pussy lips, slamming herself down quickly and riding me in reverse cowgirl! The feeling of her warm and wet vagina, the feeling of her tight ass rubbing against my stomach was absolutly amazing! Her petite body is quivering with pleasure. Her pussy feels so wonderful that I feel I’m in heaven. She’s slamming her wet little cunt down onto my dick and writhing with orgasmic ecstasy.   I’m sure her moans can be heard throughout the neighborhood. My little girl flips over and continues riding on my dick and I slap her juicy ass while she grinds it against my crotch. She starts kissing me passionately, squeezing my prick with her pussy at the same time. Buried deep inside, I relish the feeling of her flesh and my balls rubbing against her ass cheeks as she moves her hips back and forth. My horny step sister grinds her body against mine, holding my hands and looking into my eyes. I lift the tiny naked girl up and carry her to the couch, placing her on her back and spreading her legs wide open so I can keep fucking her dripping wet pussy in missionary position. Since our parents aren’t home she can scream at the top of her lungs, begging her stepbrother to keep fucking her hard until I’m ready to blow my load, this time spraying her petite naked body and her face with jizz!