This sexy teen invited her hot boyfriend over and the teens are playing a game of snakes and ladders in the living room when her sexy cougar stepmom appears. She’s a drop dead gorgeous MILF with big tits and long legs, wearing a sexy white blouse, a tight skirt and fuck me heels. She can’t believe her stepdaughter has such a hot stud over and the only thing she can think of is inviting him to play a boring board game! Hopefully, she’s there to save the situation, and joins their game, adding a sexy twist to it with some sensual dares. The game quickly turns into “Strip Snakes and Ladders” during which the horny MILF seduces the two teens! As the stepdaughter gets her top removed by her stepmom and feels her hands on her tits and her wet lips and slippery tongue over her nipples, she feels how hard they get, and how wet her pussy is getting underneath her cotton panties. Her boyfriend seems happy with the new rules too, judging by the massive hard on pitching a tent under his pants! The stepmom grabs that big dick and begins sucking and stroking it, her beautiful stepdaughter joining her and the girls suck his big dick together, playing with his balls with their tongues and licking the shaft together. The teen girl straddles herself on top of his lap and gets her dripping wet pussy pounded hard by him while her stepmom fucks her tight asshole with her tongue! His naked girlfriend gets down on her hands and knees so she can eat out her stepmom’s cunt while getting her pussy pounded hard doggie style from behind. She buries her cute face into her cunt and licks her clit and her slit so fast and so hungrily! The sound of flesh slapping against flesh is music to my ears and their moans and screams when the guy pounds into the teen’s pussy hard and fast are just amazing. The MILF teaches the two teens how to properly fuck and ends up in the middle of a hot threesome! The girl enjoys watching her boyfriend fucking her stepmom, and pretty soon he’s ready to blow his load, spraying his hot spunk all over his girlfriend’s cute face and her stepmom’s open mouth and her big tits! The girls won and got their prize! 