Knowing that my stepsister was taking a shower I just couldn’t resist the temptation of sneaking into the bathroom and spying on her fully naked and her big tits while she showered. Man, she was soaping herself up and her lathered tits looked delicious. Her eyes closed, hot water cascading down over her perfect body. I was so distracted watching them, that I didn’t notice when she looked up and saw me spying on her. I tried to make up some lame excuse, by my stepsister was sent buying it, threatening to tell on my parents. I begged her not to, telling her I would gladly scrub her back, I know how much she hates doing it herself. She liked the idea and so I got naked and joined her in the shower. As I scrubbed her back she pushed her juicy bubble butt back up against my cock and made it so hard! She knew it was the tip of my cock, she felt it with her naked ass. My sexy step sister hesitated for a moment but then she let me soap up her big tits too. As I neared her inner thigh, she involuntarily opened her legs, her pussy already beginning to throb. I rub her ass and her pussy, her naked body aching, wanting more. She dropped to her knees, grabbed my hard cock with two hands giving me a sloppy blowjob that left my cock and balls drenched in her drool. The sight of those luscious tits swaying back and forth almost made me cum right in her mouth. We got out of the shower, I placed her over the bathroom counter, spreading her legs wide open and eating her out. Man, her pussy was gushing! I rubbed her clit while finger fucking her cunt, taking her to the bed and watching her big tits bouncing about as I fucked her hard in missionary position. I put her down on her hands and knees, pushing my thumb down her tight asshole while fucking her pussy doggie style from behind. I grabbed her hips and started to pump my hard cock hard and deep inside her wet cunt. She met each one of my thrusts by pushing her juicy ass back hard against me, feeling my dick drive deep inside her vagina. Fucking my very own stepsister got me so turned on that it didn’t take me long to blow my load, blasting hot and sticky cum all over her big beautiful tits! 