I was getting ready to take a shower when my sexy black roomie pranked me with my very own double ended purple strap dildo. My strap-on dildo allows one girl to fuck another girl like a guy. Yes, I just like lesbian porn and sex. Since she liked playing with my dildos so much, I decided this was the perfect setting to seduce her. We started fooling around and pretty soon I had her soft hands all over my legs, moving up my inner thighs and finally reaching my already dripping wet pussy. She began to rub my wet pussy. OOHHH!! how good that felt. I told her I wanted to eat her out, so my sexy black roomie lied on her back and spread her legs wide open. I pulled her cotton panties aside, spreading her tender pink pussy lips with my fingers and letting my tongue sink deep inside that wet slit, tasting her delicious pussy juices as I slowly ate her out. I licked her clit and gently biting and blowing on it, slowly and gently. It was so hot. A girl knows how another girl likes it and where she likes it. I placed myself on top of her, pushing my pelvis against her face, feeling her slick tongue touching my pussy. She slowly licked around my vagina opening, teasing me then stimulating my clitty as I squirmed and moaned with pleasure. She slowly licked my pussy, her sweet lips were between my pussy lips, her tongue was moving in my folds. My pussy was soaking out love juice at the sight of the sexy girl under me. I got down on my hands and knees, feeling her wet tongue all over my pussy and my asshole. She was giving me the full service! I could feel my pussy juices clitslit as she fucked my pussy with her tongue. I came all in her mouth and she licked it all up, every drop. I got on top of her in the 69 position and I ate her pussy like crazy fingering her as well. She did the same, licking my wet pussy, moaning loudly. She dove back in between my legs, munching on my pussy, licking my slit, nibbling on my clit, driving me crazy and making me cum like a slut. A double ended dildo found it’s way into the action now with the two naked girls both bending over ass to ass to fuck each other. It’s great action if you like seeing two butts twerking and banging together. She put on my double ended purple strap dildo, pushing her and inside her pussy as I sat on top of the other end, impaling myself on it and we tribbed like crazy, letting the double ended sex toy rip fabulous orgasms from our bodies until we were left the rain and exhausted on the bathroom floor. 