My girlfriend is constantly busting my ass about doing my chores more often and helping her around the house, but if my girlfriend really wants me to start doing my chores more often, she has to let me make an amateur anal sex tape with her. After all, I need my motivation, man! Honestly, I didn’t think my girlfriend would agree with my new sex for chores exchange program, but I guess she thought it was worth it if I helped around the house so she turned over, pulled her thong aside and gave me a long hard look at that delicious bubble shaped ass, spreading her ass cheeks wide open so I could admire her puckered little asshole before stretching it out with my big hard cock. I dropped to my knees and started eating her out, licking her lovely pussy and tickling her little butt hole with my tongue. I bent her over the kitchen counter and push my hard cock deep inside her snatch, pounding her from behind. She took me to the living room and made me lie down on the couch, she didn’t even remove her pink rubber gloves while she jerked my hard cock and sucked it hard. My girl looks so sexy sucking my dick. Such a beautiful innocent face. OMG what a body and a what a gorgeous butt. After drooling all over my member, lubing it up, she climbed on top and rode me in reverse cowgirl position with her bubble ass cheeks in front of my face. I love tiny teen girls with phat ass and my babe’s ass has always attracted me with anal sex. I stimulated her little asshole with my fingers until it was relaxed enough for my cock. She grabbed her ass cheeks, spreading them wide to expose her asshole. I gently pushed my hard cock against her anus. She began breathing rapidly. I could feel her tight butt hole being stretched out inch by inch until I was totally inside her! As soon as my dick head passed her anus, I fully entered her ass. The warmth and the tightness were amazing. Finally, my girlfriend got her ass opened. I hope that this was the start of more anal to come. Damn, her rear tunnel was tight but I began building up a rhythm, moving my cock in and out of her tight asshole. Soon I was giving her an insane anal pounding, slamming my dick deep into her ass, feeling her anus contract and squeeze my cock with orgasms. I fucked her ass in missionary position and doggie style from behind before blowing my load in her ass! As her orgasm hit, her ass milked my cock, it was the best feeling ever! 