After my wife noticed a couple of things missing in the house, we started suspecting the new nanny and her lesbian girlfriend, so I placed a couple of secret cameras around the house and it didn’t take me long to confirm my suspicions when I checked out the footage from my phone and found our thieving lesbian nanny and her blonde girlfriend stealing! The very next morning, I went over to their bedroom and confronted the girls with the footage. The nanny understood I had enough proof to put her and her gay friend behind bars, and begged me not to call the cops, telling me she would do anything I asked her to just to save her friend, so I made her take my dick! Without saying a word, the teen slut got down on her hands and knees and opened up wide and I rammed my throbbing cock down her throat and started fucking her mouth. Her lesbian girlfriend watched in shock as she drooled all over my cock and balls. You would believe she was straight by the way she was smoking my dick! I coudn’t belive a lesbian could suck a dick so good, it was certainly the best blowjob I’ve ever had! I looked at the girl who was in shock, watching her lesbian girlfriend drooling all over my dick! I told the slut to lie on her back and spread her legs wide open and I push my cock deep inside her cunt. Dirty little bitch was gushing as I fucked her in missionary position. As much as she loved her girlfriend’s pussy, my cock was the one getting her off! I put her down on her hands and knees, fucking her doggie style from behind. She was crying, forced to watch her little girl being fucked by me, it made me even hornier and I began pounding into her harder and faster. I felt the splatter of juices all over my cock and balls! “This is so much better than a pussy!” I exclaimed, roughly fucking her she just groaned and moaned in response. Then the naked girl straddled herself on top and slammed herself down forcefully, driving my hard cock deep into her cunt. “OH FUCKK!” the lesbian groaned loudly and began riding me in cowgirl position, twerking her ass and bouncing up and down with more force. Then she flipped over into reverse, I grabbed her waist and kept driving my dick hard into her meaty cunt. She opened her mouth up wide and I blew my creamy load inside it, made her swallow it all and her lesbian friend watch it!  