Tegan and Alex are happy to receive Tegan’s younger sister Kayla and her new hubby Jessie, who will be staying over for a couple of weeks. The sister, a lovely curly haired blonde with big tits, sneaks into her sister’s bedroom and goes through her drawers, trying on some of her sexy lingerie. When her sister’s boyfriend Alex comes looking for her sister, Kayla hides behind the door and pretends to be her, since their voices are so similar! She tells him to lie in bed and close his eyes, since she has a very kinky fantasy she wants to play out with him, making love with eyes closed! He likes feeling her hands all over his hard cock and her saliva dripping over it as she gives him head. Alex can’t remember the last time his girlfriend gave him a blowjob like this one! He opens his eyes and realizes this is not his girlfriend, but her horny and very sexy sister! They both strip naked quickly and the naked blonde straddles herself atop his hard cock, stuffing her wet cunt with it and riding it. Her big 32DD tits bounce up and down as she rides his dick vigorously, slamming herself onto my cock, raising herself, and slamming down, then moving her pelvis back and forth and pressing it firmly against his balls. She is the quintessential bimbo. Pretty eyes, beautiful face, great smile, fantastic body (bangin’ tits and ass!) and a great attitude towards sex. He puts the sexy blonde against the wall by the bedroom door and pounds her gushing muff from behind. When his girlfriend comes knocking on the door wondering if something is going on he lets her now that all is okay… yeah, he’s just banging her sister! He puts the slut down on her hands and knees on the bed and fucks her doggy style from behind. Sweat is dripping down their hot naked bodies as they fuck, almost getting caught by his girlfriend and her sister has got them so fucking turned on! He spanks her juicy bubble butt and gropes her fantastic big tits, squeezing them hard and feeling her puffy nipples between his fingertips as he continues plowing her dripping wet pussy from behind, pinning her against the sweat drenched bed sheets. He flips the naked babe over, putting her on her back, spreading her long legs wide open, impaling her cunt on his rock hard cock, fucking her hard in missionary position. She rubs her muff while her sister’s boyfriend is fucking her brains out, finally pulling out and spraying a huge load of hot and sticky cum all over those perfect big tits! At the same time her own boyfriend finds her beautiful sister in the hot tub and they also have amazing sex. Swapping sisters is so fucking hot! Don’t miss this amazing scene with two absolutely gorgeous hot babes! 