This petite blonde is out jogging and since she has her eyes on her phone instead of the trail, she bumps into this fellow jogger. Her phone drops to the grass, and both squat to fetch it at the same time. He gets at first, but as he squats, his massive dick slips out form the leg opening of his shorts! She’s in awe! Her jaw practically drops to the floor as the jogger gets back to his jog. The teen slut can’t take that dick out of her head, its image has been burned into her retinas! She follows the jogger to his home and gets inside by the backyard door. He’s startled to realize he has been followed by her, though he shouldn’t, it’s really not the first time a girl has followed him back after his jog. She thanks him for picking up her phone and he invites her inside for a glass of cold water, but what she really wants to do is drink straight from his meaty hose! Without many words the sexy girl drops to her knees and starts sucking and stroking that huge throbbing erection. The young nymphomaniac girl  does incredible things with his enormous cock, deepthroating his dick like a pro and swallowing up his big balls. The little slut tears off her clothes and gets on top, pushing his beefy pole into her gushing cunt. He slowly inserts the huge cock into her pussy. Inch by slow inch the big cock fills her little cunt to the max. She starts riding him in cowgirl position right on the kitchen counter. She moans and begs for more, her hips arching up to meet his massive dick. Man… this young naked girl will make your cock happy! She is hot as fuck now. holy shit!!!! She his fit af 0% body fat and I love it, I love skinny girls! The Petite blonde flips over, riding him in reverse cowgirl while using her fingertips to play with his big balls. The kitchen room is filled with the sounds of our pleasure. You can hear a sloshing, squishy sound as the dude pounds into her, the sound of the incredible amount of female juices flowing like a faucet from her over-heated cunt. He puts her sideways and continues banging her tight muff from behind, pulling her to the edge of the counter and fucking her with her legs over his shoulders and have her body in midair until he’s ready to blow his load, spraying hot cum all over her naked body! He cools this horny slut down with a face full of jizz! Would have been really hot if the wife would have come in and caught them, and then joined in! 