My best friends know how much I love tiny girls so they got me a very special gift for my birthday, a tiny blonde slut who I found totally naked in my bedroom surrounded by a bunch of colorful balloons. Those guys! I didn’t even need to unwrap her, she was already naked, except for a tiny white lace thing that dug deep into the crack of her juicy ass. She quickly took it off and flung it my way, while playing with the balloons. She was so cute and had a perfect body for me, small gorgeous breasts, awesome tight bottom and a beautiful pussy. I wanted only one thing – destroy her little pussy with my huge cock, and she wanted the same. The naked girl kept teasing me with her beautiful young body, exposing her ass and her pussy. My cock was hard as a fucking rock as the young naked girl massaged it over my boxer briefs, reaching under it so she could take it in her hands and play with it. She ran her hands up and down my shaft and balls, licking and sucking with a dirty look in her eyes. She had an appetite for big cocks I wanted to know how far she could deep throat my member, so I gave her a helping hand, pushing her head against my crotch and making her choke and gag as she tried to take it all in. I decided to give her throat and mouth a rest, spreading her legs wide open amidst the balloons and eating her out, fucking her pink pussy burger with my slick tongue. I nibbled on her clit and felt her naked body squirming as I spread her ass cheeks with my hands and tossed her salad, licking that delicious asshole. The tiny blonde told me to lie flat on my back and she lowered her little pussy onto my cock. I couldn’t believe how tight she was. Her pink cunt wrapped tight around my hard cock. I felt my cock bottom against her womb and I pulled back and thrust again deep into her teen vagina. I started pushing my huge cock deep inside that tight pussy again and again. I could feel her young vagina stretched tight around my shaft as my dick slid in and out, deeper with each thrust. I fucked her faster and  harder and soon her pussy juice began running out of her pussy and all over me. I thrusted, and thrusted hard and deep, feeling her endless cunt juice well up from deep in her cunt and coat my cock and balls. I wanted to see that cute bubble butt bouncing up and down so I told her to flip over into reverse cowgirl position. I was slam-fucking her hungry pussy with my oversized dick. We were both moaning in extreem pleasure. The harder and rougher I fucked her, the more turned on she got, gasping and groaning, pumping my cock and eagerly meeting my thrusts! She was so sexy, so fucking hot! I started picking up more speed, ramming my dick powerfully deep into her pink pussy like a wild animal in heat. Her moans turned to screams! The naked blonde pressed her back against my chest and I pinned her underneath her knees and spread eagled her while pumping her pussy with my dick meat. Next, I put her down on her hands and knees, fucking her cunt doggie style from behind, stopping once in a while and letting her push her little ass back up against my cock, just urging me to keep fucking her.   My sexy gift got on her back and I continued fucking her in missionary position. She played with her pussy while I banged her and I made her suck on my fingers, she looked so fucking sexy doing that shit. I grabbed her beautiful tits and squeezed them hard while I fucked her, preparing her for my next move. Passing my arms under her knees and behind her back I put her in a full sex Nelson and just pounded her dripping wet pussy as hard, as deep and as fast as I could, making her scream at the top of her lungs. I was a machine, driving into her petite body like a jackhammer gone mad. These sexy horny teens drive me crazy! She yelled when I hold my enormous cock as deep inside her pussy as I could, pumping squirt after squirt against the bottom of her womb. Best birthday gift ever!