This sexy teen is not just a master babysitter, but also a master scammer! As soon as this single dad leaves her alone in his crib and heads to work, she goes through his drawers and it doesn’t take her long to find what she’s looking for, one of his credit cards! She uses it to buy herself new shoes and thinks she can get away with it, since she has never being caught red-handed… until now! As it turns out, the bank is suspicious of the transaction and gives her boss the heads up! Now he’s threatening to call the cops and she’s forced to confess to what she did. She promises to change her ways and tells him she will do anything as long as he doesn’t call the cops on her. Since the teenage girl is pretty damn hot, he decides to let her go, but she needs to get punished first, by his huge cock! The sexy babysitter drops to her knees, grabbing that massive meat pole with both hands and jerking it hard while she sucks it like her life depends on it, and it kinda does! She pulled her tits over her bra and plays with them while sucking on his cock, surprised to find how hard and erect her nipples are. She is always in control, and now that she finds herself relinquishing control, she’s so fucking turned on that her pussy is gushing! He grabs the girl and he throws her on the sofa, bending her over the armrest and spreading her cute butt cheeks wide open as she feels his massive erection rams deep inside her dripping wet pussy, pounding her hard from behind. The sexy skinny girl is moaning in pleasure as he fucks furiously, thrusting his hard dick in and out of her bald twat, slapping his balls against her clit over and over! He takes her to the couch, lying on his back and making her swallow his dick all the way down. What an adorable young lady, sexy slender body and young petite ass. The hot teen can’t resist anymore, she straddles herself on top of his lap and begins to ride his dick cowgirl style. His hands firmly on her hips, in control at all times. She finds herself spreading her butt cheeks wide open with her own hands and fingering her asshole while she feels that huge cock pounding her hard. She has never felt so full before, this cock is so much bigger than any she has taken in her life. Suddenly she has come and let out a trickle of warm girl-pee onto his chest. He makes the girl lie down on all fours and pushes his big dick back inside her, fucking her doggie style from behind, making her his bitch. She never imagined it would feel so good getting caught and punished for being such a naughty girl! She looks over her shoulders at her boss, looking back at her with despise as he fucks her harder, deeper and faster. After fucking her in missionary position and cumming all over her face and tits, he makes them sure she swallows every single drop of cum, makes her lick his cock and balls clean and kicks her out of his house! 