My stepsis and her friends were comforting their friend Liz after breaking up with her boyfriend when a genius idea came to the girls: to get a guy to join them for a revenge gangbang! The best part of this idea: that my stepsister thought I would be the perfect candidate! Yes! My cock was already hard as a fucking rock as I watched my sexy stepsister and her beautiful friends pulling down their panties and thongs and exposing their naked butts. I just stood there and looked at their perfect asses. The hot redhead babe even bent over to show me her lovely pussy. The girls kept stripping totally naked in the bathroom and hopping in the tub. The four of them got a hot bubble bath going on and pretty soon began playing with their wet and soapy naked bodies, fondling and massaging each other. There was Liz, covered in soapy lather getting her pussy and asshole licked by her friends while making out with my stepsister! Just watching the four naked girls running their soapy hands all over their soapy bodies and having hot lesbian sex was enough to make me blow my load right there on the spot, but I knew I had to control myself and satisfy these sexy ladies first! After all, that’s why I was handpicked for this task by my beautiful and very horny stepsister. Finally, the girls invited me over, standing by the edge of the tub while they pull down my shorts and grabbed my big throbbing erection in their soft hands. We decided to let Liz be the first to taste my cock! I watched as her cheeks hollowed as the sexy redhead babe sucked my cock hungrily. I looked up to see my step sister smiling, then the girls took turns sucking my cock and licking my balls. As hot as all the girls were, and these girls are all fucking hot, nothing was as hot as having my very own stepsister sucking and stroking my hard cock! Man, it was simply delicious, it was fucking Nirvana! Liz bent over, pushing her juicy bubble butt back up against my cock and I could feel it sinking deep inside that gushing cunt as I banged her from behind. The rest of the girls were touching her and each other while I fucked her very hard. With her seductive bedroom eyes, perfect tits, and juicy round ass, she definitely wouldn’t need any help when it comes to snagging guys’ hearts! I had my hands on her waist and pounded my cock in and out of her pussy, her naked ass bounced on my thighs and jiggled out of control. The revenge gangbang party was a big success, because I pounded each of these hot teens. My stepsister took her place, spreading her legs wide open as I fucked her in missionary position and then let her sit on my cock and ride me too.   The naked girls kept coming at me, each time one of them got off my cock, and you want took her place and I was feeling the hotness, wetness and tightness of their pussies. They got down on their knees, sucking and stroking my cock some more, sitting over the bathroom counter so I could fuck their wet pussies in missionary position while they held on tight. I was worried that I wouldn’t last, yet I somehow managed to make each and every one of them, including sexy girl on the rebound Liz on my hot and horny stepsister. She knew I was ready to blow my load after making her cum and enjoyed watching me spraying hot and sticky cum all over her and her friends, exhausted as I watched beautiful girls licking my hot spunk off each other. They were covered in cum and sweat when they decided to make a few selfies for the ex-boyfriend, it was amazing!