I love my girlfriend because she’s an open-minded chick and she likes to share my huge cock, so she invited her study buddy over to turn their tutoring session into an interracial threesome! Her study buddy is a cute blonde and she came over in a fancy red dress. My girlfriend, a delicious Ebony babe came over in a sexy black top and tight shorts. She also brought a scissor, using it to loosen up the back of her friend’s dress. She gave me a signal I we both pulled each side of the dress apart at the same time, leaving her study buddy half naked! She was a bit shocked at first, but my girlfriend let her know everything was okay as we began caressing her soft skin and giving her gentle kisses. Her nipples were incredibly hard now and the crotch of her panties was positively soaked with her warm juices. She understood what was going on and was more than okay with it, so we carried her to the living room and while I spread her legs wide open, my girl started finger fucking her dripping wet clam. “Come here my pet and lick her dripping wet pussy.”  My horny girlfriend did as she was told, kneeling beside her spread legs she eagerly lapping at her cunt. She hissed in pleasure. The blonde’s hands began squeezing her titties and pinching her nipples as my girl buried her face in her cunt and sucked her clit. Then both naked girls got down on their knees and started sucking and stroking my rock hard cock together. We took the blonde to the couch, spreading her legs wide open and while I fucked that delicious muff in missionary position, my girlfriend straddled herself on top of her, sitting on her face so she could eat her out. We moved the action to the living room floor, with me lying flat on my back, letting the sexy blonde sit on my dick and ride me in reverse cowgirl position while making out with my girlfriend. She grabbed my girl’s plump ebony tits and sucked on her nipples and my girl spread her white butt cheeks wide open and pushed my cock even deeper inside her wet muff. I put the naked girls back to back, with their shoulders pinned to the floor and their legs spread over the sofas and took turns fucking each of them in a pile driver position, going from that sweet vanilla cunt to my girl’s luscious chocolate muff! Then my girl got on all fours on top of her and I fucked her doggy style from behind. The girls took turns getting their pussies pounded hard until I was ready to cum, spraying hot and sticky cum all over the naughty girls and watching them lick it off! 