This spunky brunette teen is trying to make some extra cash for spring break so she took a job as a maid for this gorgeous blonde cougar. Wearing a tight white tank top and skimpy blue shorts, she gets to work, scrubbing and wiping while listening to her favorite grooves and grinding her delicious bubble butt. From behind the kitchen counter, the sexy cougar watches her and gets terribly turned on. She is just thinking how beautiful the young girl looks. Her cunt tingles as thoughts of caressing her young tits, her little pink pussy, precedence in her mind. She can’t remember the last time she had hot lesbian sex with a gorgeous teen slut like her, but by the way her cotton panties are getting soaked with her pussy juices, it’s definitely been too long overdue. She tries to relieve herself by masturbating behind the kitchen counter, rubbing her big clitoris, but she knows her pussy wants more and she seduces her spunky teen housecleaner, putting her over the kitchen counter and spreading her legs wide open, cradling her in her powerful arms, feeling her legs around her waist as she caresses her soft thighs. The naked girls are kissing passionately, then she puts the girl down on all fours on the floor, pulling down on her shorts and panties, playing with her juicy bubble butt while finger fucking her delicious tight asshole, feeling how the slutty brunette squirms with pleasure. She pins her underneath her knees and lifts her up while the teen finger fucks herself, squirting all over the kitchen floor. If you wanted to see a girl masturbate and pee at the same time here’s your chance. That’s okay, she can clean up that mess later with her tongue after the sexy cougar has her way with her. She makes the young teen stand on her hands while she finger fucks her clam, making her gush several more times. I wouldn’t have believed that such a tiny pussy can hold soooo much squirt water if I hadn’t seen this! Don’t miss this domination lesbian sex scene! She commands the girl to suck her cunt, she obeys! “Surely you’ve tasted pussy before, haven’t you? I thought all schoolgirls were licking each other out from the time!” The cougar sits on her face, pushing her pussy against her mouth and making her made her clean her cunt with her tongue! The horny lesbian keeps rubbing and fingering the teen’s cunt ferociously. Pussy fingering, squirting, scissoring, domination… damn this woman-teen lesbian scene is freaky. The girl can’t stop screaming from endless orgasms. Soon she reaches a massive orgasm, squirting into her woman’s face and mouth. She’s pissed all over her! Her pussy is engulfed in an extreme orgasm, she’s quivering on to the floor, uncontrollably pissing, and squirting. I like these rough lesbian scenes. The young naked girl lies in her own pussy juices as the naked woman starts to rub her cunt against the girls wet pussy like they are fucking. The girl is enjoying the erotic feeling of another woman’s hot cunt against hers and she can feel her own juice flowing out and mixing with hers. 