This beautiful saleswoman comes knocking on the door hoping to make it big sale. She’s a beautiful blonde with big tits and though he tries to send her off, she puts her feet at the door. She’s not the type of girl that will take no for an answer! She starts showing him all these creams and lotions, but he has absolutely no interest in them, until she reaches under his pants and grabs his cock! Now she caught his attention! She explains how he can use this cream as a lubricant, stroking his big hard cock in the process. He’s sold! He’ll buy whatever she sells him as long as she lets him fuck her! She strips naked, unhooking her bra and exposing her wonderful big tits to him. Her big tits are bare. He touches them, feeling their weight in his hands. They are perfect with large pink nipples. He can’t control himself anymore! The hot naked babe leans over so she can show him more creams and lotions when all of a sudden he rams his huge cock deep into her cunt from behind! Her eyes almost bugged out of her head when he rammed his impressive cock deep into her body. Her whole body is now working towards one goal : having more sexual pleasure. Her big, full, tits bounce so hard because he is moving so fast, slamming her pussy hard. He is thrusting so hard that his balls slap her clit. The babe screams as she cums as never before. She gets down on her knees, sucking and stroking his big throbbing erection, lubing it up with her saliva before getting down on all fours so her client can fuck her dripping wet pussy doggy style from behind on the couch. He is wildly thrusting so deep that his balls stretch against her pussy lips. Sweat drips down her beautiful big tits and firm mid riff as she gets fucked so hard. She straddles herself on top and pushes his cock inside her, she wants to ride him. He’s thrusting his magnificent cock so deep inside her and so hard that it looks like he is going to split her body apart. She is screaming and making herself cum on his dick. Her pussy lips are slapping loudly around the base of his cock. The sweat on her body make her large breasts shine slightly, while they bounce from her uncontrolled movements. The naked girl flips over for reverse cowgirl action, massaging her cunt as she feels that big dick stuffing her. He pushes her on her back, spreads her legs wide open and kneels between her thighs so he can eat her out, she’s so close to sealing the deal! She just needs his hot cum all over her big tits and her pretty face! Nothing makes a woman more beautiful than a thick load of cum on her cute face. Her face, her tits and her hair are covered in sticky cum. She hardly can open her eyes, but she doesn’t care, this was incredible. No wonder she’s the regional sales manager! With those big tits and her incredible cock sucking skills, there’s no way this lady isn’t closing a sale! 