These sexy blonde and brunette teen sluts are going over to their best friend’s house. The girls knock on the door and nobody answers, and since it’s not locked, they invite themselves in. Their bestie is probably upstairs in her bedroom, and the loud music coming from upstairs isn’t letting her hear the door. The teens go inside to the bedroom from where the loud music comes from, expecting to find their friend, but instead, they find this smoking hot blonde cougar with big tits totally naked and bouncing up and down this bald guy’s huge cock! Fuck, his cock is HUGE! They have never seen a such big dick! The young teens watch transfixed as the naked woman slams herself onto the long, thick cock, taking it all inside her cunt. As it turns out, their best friend isn’t even home, but her parents are and they weren’t expecting any company! Since they are already there, their best friend’s naughty parents invite two girls to join them in bed for a hot foursome! The teens hesitate at first but the tiny blonde jumps right in the bed and grabs dad’s huge cock, the naked mom spreads her legs and gives her brunette friend a come closer gesture with her finger. “Come on, eat my pussy baby!” While they kiss, the brunette munches on the cougar’s hairy cunt, while the pette blonde sucks and strokes the husband’s massive cock! They usually find their daughter’s friends to be so annoying, but that’s not the case with these two sluts! The brunette fingers the cougar’s pussy and the blonde drools all over the throbbing dick. The cougar takes over her man’s dick, sucking it hard while the young naked girls get side by side with her watching and joining in, taking turns eating his big dick and licking his balls while they all make out like crazy. The horny mom takes the blonde and puts her in a pile driver, eating each other out while the sexy brunette climbs on top of the man’s lap and impales her little pussy on his meat sword, it slides deep into her vagina. Then she rises up slowly and the monster cock reappears, all red and covered with her juice. The horny dad begins slamming his amazing cock in and out her little pussy. Deep! Hard! The girl is cumming as she slams herself down this big dick in cowgirl position, he spanks her clit, making her scream from pleasure! They change positions, with the brunette spread wide open and on her back, having the cougar slut sitting on her face and her friend fingering her cunt while she is sitting in reverse cowgirl on top of the guy’s pole. The naked mom gets back on that dick and makes her juicy bubble butt bounce as she rides it in reverse cowgirl and the young naked girls spank her ass, play with her big tits, suck on her nipples and swap sloppy kisses and tongue lashes with their best friend’s hot mom!   The naked woman starts to buck like crazy and screams with her head thrown back as she cums, shouting “Oh Fuck! FUCK ME! FUCK ME!” He puts his wife on all fours and rams his dick deep inside her wet muff, fucking her doggy style from behind while the teen sluts lick his dick, balls and even his ass! He grabs the blonde and fucks her from behind too, while his wife makes the brunette eat her out. Against the edge of the bed, he fucks all three naked girls, his wife doggy style, the brunette in missionary and the blonde on top of his wife fingering herself while she watches him fucking the girls! They make out, rubs their sopping cunts franticly and suck his huge cock while he fucks them all and finally cums all over his wife’s face and big tits and watches how his daughter’s best friends lick it all off and now they are besties too!