When I was handed out this flyer about a sex addicts anonymous meetings I figured that it would be a great place to pick up a hot chick. I wasn’t wrong, it didn’t take me long to spot this beautiful busty brunette babe with long legs wearing a tight black tank top, skimpy denim shorts and a sexy choker. When she got up to take a break from the meeting I followed her outside and started asking her a few questions. As it turns out, this busty babe was obsessed with big dicks. The more we talked about it the more interested and turned on she seemed and when she asked me if I had a big dick I knew I hit the jackpot! I told her I would show her my dick if she showed me her big tits. She wasn’t sure so I decided to take the first step, whipping out my big throbbing erection and watching the amazed look on her face. With no further hesitation, she popped her big puppies over her tank top, two beautiful big bubble shaped tits crowned by puffy nipples, fully erect. Of course she couldn’t resist the temptation of having such a big cock dangling just a few inches from her mouth! The slut dropped to her knees and went to town on my cock, sucking and stroking it like a seasoned porn star. A1 BJ SKILLS! She looked around to make sure nobody was watching us, you know, the last thing you want to do at a sex addicts anonymous meeting is to get caught sucking dick, LOL! Just to play it safe I took her back to my place and lied back on my couch while she took off my clothes and got back to sucking and stroking my hefty sausage. We went to the bedroom and she straddled herself on top, pushing my hard cock inside her gushing pussy, her big bubble tits bouncing up and down as she rode on my cock in cowgirl position. Best fake tits. I love natural perky tits but these big fake ones, god damn. She rode my cock, higher and higher, slamming herself down, making her titties bounce! Then the sexy girl took off her red lace panties as she flipped over, still impaled on my cock, making her juicy bubble butt bounce while riding me in reverse cowgirl. She grabbed her butt cheeks with her hands, spreading it wide open, showing me the crack of her ass and her enticing asshole while inviting me to fuck her even deeper and harder. She placed my cock between her big tits, begging me to fuck them, the look on her face of utter satisfaction was priceless! She was a cock junkie finally getting her fix and I was more than happy to be her enabler! I put the dirty cock addict down on her hands and knees, pounding her pussy doggie style from behind. Finally I blew my creamy load all over her face and her big tits. Now we have our sex addicts anonymous meetings every week at my place! 