This sexy brunette teen slut hired me to do some handiwork around her house, but she kept getting in the way and since she wasn’t letting me do my job I had to harsh fuck her! When she started pushing me around, I pushed back, grabbing her tight body and pressing it against my own, my hand on her neck as she felt my huge throbbing erection pounding against her bubble butt over her clothes. I ripped her tank top, exposing her tiny firm titties as I groped them. Man, her nipples were already erect and I could bet her pussy was dripping wet. These types of spoiled brats need a real man to teach them a lesson or two. She kept giving me shit, so I put the little slut on her knees, pulling out my big dick, rubbing it all over her slutty face and pushing it inside her mouth and down her throat. Waves of revulsion swept over her, for the dirty prick I wanted her to lick clean. “Suck it, you little cunt! Suck my cock you little whore!” I ordered. I held the back of her head and forced my dick deeper and deeper into her mouth. “Oh yeah baby! That feels so good. Suck it like you suck your Daddy’s big cock every night before he sticks it up your cunt.” I know how much you like it! When the girls scream and fight it just makes these guys hornier. I held her head still and fucked her mouth, making her choke on my dick, she struggled to breathe. I threw her on the living room couch and continued ripping off her clothes, spreading her legs wide open and diving into her shaved muff. I suspected, this slut was gushing from her pink pussy burger as I tongue fucked her on the couch, making her orgasm. How did my hard dick fit in this small cunt? “Are you going to spread your little pink cunt for me and beg me to fuck it?” I rammed it in hard, and she moaned, not in pain but in pleasure. The naked girl fought to stop my prick ramming in and out of her pussy when the pleasure and pain were impossible to tell apart. I just kept running my hard cock deep inside her tight cunt, slamming her hard on the couch in missionary position. Her pussy was getting soaking wet, every thrust I heard her juices splashing on me. I could feel the girl’s strong pussy smell. She struggled but could not escape my dick that was thrusting in and out deep into her pussy. Thrust after thrust her little pink cunt welcomed me deeper and deeper, and her body ached for it. “Tell me you love it,” I shouted. She looked all sweet and innocent, but she was a slut! She came again and again! Now the teen slut was begging me to fuck her! The intense smell of cunt, the lack of control, the violence and the humiliation, all these things drove us both crazy! After fucking her brutally in this position for a while I was ready to have her on top so I sat down on the couch and let her straddle herself on my lap, impaling her snatch on my beefy pole. The girl had a juicy bubble butt and I spread her butt cheeks while plowing her cunt, putting her arms behind the small of her back, restraining her as I fucked her brains out. She kept acting bratty, she knew this would get her fucked even harder and rougher.   Since it seemed like she wouldn’t shut the fuck up, I stuffed her mouth with my cock and made her choke and gag on it some more. “Suck this baby, slut, and suck it good!” That’s when I put her down on her hands and knees and made her gasp as I rammed my throbbing member down her cunt and pounded her doggy style from behind with no regrets in rage mode, turning her into my personal bitch. “Oh fuck!” she screamed, as I thrust into her harder and harder, squeezing her cute little ass so hard, it would leave my hand prints till the next day. When I stopped fucking her, the dirty little bitch pushed her juicy bubble butt back up against my cock, urging me to keep punishing her with my dick. She knew she deserved it for being such a nasty slut and pretty soon I came all over her! “Come on baby. Lick my dick clean. Swallow it down like a good slut.” The naked girl was left alone on the floor, drenched in my sticky cum and shocked at what had happened.