My step sister is so damn hot, a sexy blonde with an incredible body. She could bang anybody she wants to yet she kept her virginity for Prince Charming. She still loves flirting with me, lounging around the house wearing no underwear, driving me crazy every time I look over and catch a glimpse of her pink pussy burger or that sexy little ass of hers. Sometimes, she even lets me touch her down there. She’s so tight since she’s still a virgin and she knows just how bad I want to pop her cherry! My step sister blushes, squirming a little as I caress her naked pussy. She looks at me with her beautiful bright eyes as I ask her why a virgin would have her pussy totally shaved and her answer surprises me, when she lets me know she is finally ready to get her cherry popped and since her Prince Charming has yet to show up, why not let her charming stepbrother do the deed? Yes! After teasing me with her hot naked body by the swimming pool, she comes over to my bedroom a couple of days later, totally naked and feeling very naughty. Finally, the horny virgin looks at me with her hypnotic eyes and smiles a lusty smile, spreading her small pussy lips with her fingers, touching herself right there while asking me if I want to get inside there. Of course I do! She never even has a dildo inside there! Any guy has never fingered her! My cock is getting really hard and the least she can is give me a blowjob. My sexy 18 y.o. stepsister is a blowjob virgin too but seems she knows what to do, she takes my throbbing member in her soft hands and begins kissing it. With just the tip of her tongue, the young naked girl begins at the base of my dick and starts slowly licking her way up. She can only take about half of my length in her little mouth, so she begins stroking the base of my shaft and playing with my balls with her fingers. I can feel her tongue lapping and tickling my shaft as more and more enters her warm and inviting mouth. The tiny girl likes to drool all over it so she can get a nice and slippery and we are both getting so turned on, all of the sudden, she starts climbing up my body, straddling herself on top of my lap, rubbing my hard cock up and down her wet slit. I know what she wants, my sexy stepsister is ready to get her cherry popped! I take hold of my prick and guide it to the entrance of my sister’s pussy. I gently pushes the tip of my cock against her pussy, feeling her tender pussy lips stretching out and penetrating her very slowly. My penis has only just entered the lips and feel the resistance of the hymen. I push, but the hymen refuses to break, I pushes again harder. She hesitates for a moment and feeling her cunt lips being stretched, she whispers “Be gentle, I’m a virgin!” I move carefully, gliding slowly inside until our pubic bones touch.   Finally! The look on her face is priceless as she is no longer a virgin! She finally has got most of me inside her and begins a slow, twisting, gentle rhythm, moving up and down and front and back as she does. She begins riding my cock while touching her sensitive clit. I nearly cum as her tight pussy squeezes my dick, but I manage to contain myself. My naked step sister flips over, making her juicy bubble butt bounce up and down my lap as she rides me in reverse cowgirl position and I shove my thumb inside her asshole, double penetrating her. By the way she squirms I know she is loving this. Now that she finally has a cock inside her, she just won’t let go! I put her down on her hands and knees, slapping her sexy ass while fucking her gushing cunt doggie style from behind. I show her all sex positions, she keeps cumming almost non-stop and finally I’m blowing my creamy load all over my ex-virgin stepsister!