Thanksgiving is just around the corner and a horny boys and girls in the dorm room are having their own special celebration, dressing up as sexy pilgrims and Indians to celebrate and commemorate Fucksgiving! In this particular festivity, the guys are thankful of all the pussy they got this year, and the girls appreciate all the hard cock they got to suck and fuck and the delicious creamy gravy like semen they got to swallow during the semester! What better way to show their thankfulness then by giving many fucks to all those they are thankful to! Dressed in their sexy costumes, the naughty pilgrim and Indian girls exchange passionate lesbian kisses while sucking and stroking the guys’ hard cocks! No turkey will be consumed during this festivity, but there will be lots of cock to suck, stroke and fuck! The guys won’t be eating any pumpkin pie, but there’s lots of pussy pie served hot and dripping wet! Their dripping wet pussies can’t wait to get stuffed. Everybody digs in, sharing their hot naked bodies, the naked girls having hot lesbian sex, the horny pilgrim men fucking their Indian co-eds doggie style from behind! Two naked girls begin to sixty-nine on the rug in front of all, while the other hot teen squats down and grabs a throbbing dick and starts working herself down onto it. The Indian girls are natural born riders and they take turns riding on the pilgrims’ huge cocks and their faces, both in cowgirl and reverse. The naked coeds spread their legs wide open so they can eat out each other’s pussies in hot lesbian action, moaning and grunting, their titties and juicy bubble butts bouncing up and down as they get impaled on these delicious meat poles! All these hotties take naughty selfies of each other, licking each others tits and clits, fingering themselves and sucking dicks. This holiday is all about sharing so all of the girls get to feast on a big dick. The guys let all that sweet and creamy gravy build up in their balls until they are ready to cum, spreading loads of hot and sticky spunk all over the sexy Indian girls’ mouths and bodies! One thing’s for sure, this is the best dorm room fucksgiving ever! 