Since the house is huge, this guy lives alone and there’s a spare bedroom, he decides to put an ad in the paper looking for a roommate. He’s looking for someone who will obey the house rules, and rule number one is: don’t fuck the roomie. When this beautiful curly haired blonde in a tight tank top and super skimpy cropped shorts shows up at his door, he realizes that some rules are made to be broken. Especially when the sexy babe purposely teases her perfect ass and big tits! She loves to sway her hips and shake her gorgeous round ass. The blonde has long legs and her butt cheeks show through the low part of her shorts. She’s flirty and so sexual. Good Slut, she is hungry for a huge cock! He realizes they are going to have a hard time sticking to the house rules, but the sexy blonde believes that can be easily solved by breaking them! She takes off her top and shorts, showing off her big tits while pressing them against the glass tabletop, wearing just a sexy thong and high heels. His cock is just about to burst out of his jeans as she unzips him, taking it in her soft hands, sucking and stroking it hard. She places it between her big tits and massages it with them. She titty-fucks him before begging him to fuck her! He pushes her face against his crotch, ramming his dick down her throat, making her gag on it as she deep throats him. The slut licks his balls and gets down on her hands and knees, getting her curly bangs pulled back while he fucks her dripping wet pussy doggy style from behind. He grabs her waist and begins pounding her squirtng cunt as hard as he can. This dude at his best! The hot babe moans in pleasure. She is getting what she wants! She screams and cums, she gasps at the pleasure of his hard cock hammering in and out of her pussy. The sexy naked babe climbs on top and rides on his member, slamming herself down hard. She is cumming… a long continuous string of orgasms over and over and over again. The trembling in her legs stops for a second and the he keeps pounding her hairy pussy even harder. I love to watch her rock back and forth and her big boobs bounce up and down. Nice tight body, natural boobs and I love the bush and how it starts going down the sides of her pussy. What a beauty. Then he spreads her wide open and eats her out. Nothing like sucking and licking a nice tight asshole and a such beautiful pink pussy. He licks and sucks her wet, sweaty, juicy cunt like mad. I’d love to stick my face into her ass too! The sexy naked girl falls onto her back, legs splayed, her hairy and wet pussy peeking out between her thighs, he keeps pounding her, squeezing her big tits, his balls loudly slapping against her ass. His thick cock saws in and out her cunt, her hand reaches up to cup and massage his balls. My God, this is a great scene of some intense fucking! Incredibly stunning woman! LOVE that bush! At the end the gorgeous naked babe is fully covered in his hot cum! 