I love good girls. I love them so much more than bad girls. You wonder why? Fucking a bad girl is just too easy. Good girls, now that’s a challenge! My theory is no matter how good she may be, it won’t take long for a good girl faced with a fat stack of cash and a nice thick cock to get on her knees! This beautiful blonde with glasses I met on the Park seemed like the perfect subject to prove my point. She had good girl written all over her face. When I offered her some cash for her to flash me her tits she automatically rejected my offer, until the teen saw that fat stack of cash! She pulled her top down and let those nice plump puppies breathe some fresh air! I knew it! For some more cash, I even got her to show this random guy her naked tits too, and they both loved it! I knew she was getting turned on, and greedy, so I took her to a quiet alley and offered her more money for a blowjob. Without hesitation, she dropped to her knees like a good girl and started sucking and stroking my cock like a bad girl! We sneaked inside an empty house and she sat by the pool and continued giving me head, then she bent over as I pull down her pants and panties, admiring her delicious bubble shaped ass and rubbing her dripping wet pussy, ready to ram my hard cock deep inside it and fucked this sexy blonde good girl from behind. The hot girl spread her butt cheeks wide open as I penetrated her, making sure my cock went in really deep and looking over her shoulder to make sure that I was enjoying fucking her at that nobody was around watching us. I lied on the floor and the naked girl straddled herself on top of me, riding my cock, those beautiful big tits bouncing up and down like crazy. Such a gorgeous girl, with an amazing body and the most beautiful tits! I watched as her leg and belly muscles tensed in preparation for her impending climax. The hot teen rode me in reverse cowgirl some more and I fucked her spread legged in missionary position. Her big tits bounced so nicely as I thrust into her cunt. There was no trace of the good girl as I gave pleasure to her cunt and told her what a slut and whore she was. I blew my creamy load all over her face, I aimed in her open mouth, forehead and nose coating her face nicely. The last few shots landed on her incredible big tits. Another good girl gone bad! 