I walked into the living room right when my sister was masturbating herself on the couch. She was so fucking turned on that even despite her shame and embarrassment from being caught, she just couldn’t stop playing with herself and she let me watch as she rubbed her muff and her body squirm while she experienced an amazing orgasm that left her trembling. My slutty sis was cumming in front of me! I had never seen a such strong orgasm, her whole body squirm uncontrollably! Her labia was quivering as she kept rubbing her slit, teasing at her clit. My hands were now halfway up her right thigh. I tried touching her unshaved pussy mound, but she wouldn’t let me. She sighed. “Just don’t touch my pussy!” She shivered as she felt my finger touch her pussy. However, the next day, she came into my bedroom and crawled on my bed, telling me was her turn to jerk me off in return for letting me watch her getting off yesterday! She gave me dirty looks and bit her lip as she whipped out my rock hard cock and started stroking it vigorously. The teen slut even used some of her spit to lube it up, excited to see how big and hard she was getting it. My sexy step sister had her tank top over her titties and she was jerking me off with both hands and she gave the tip of my cock a quick lick, you know, just to tease, and I was just about to cum when our mom came knocking at the door and interrupted us. I was frustrated, but an hour later my horny sister return, and since she had been interrupted and knew I was left with my blue balls, she gave me a consolation gift, sucking my cock! We were both getting so turned on, before I knew it, she was on her back and with her legs spread wide open in front of me. I guided my cock between her legs until it slipped into her sloppy pussy. I rammed my hard cock deep inside her wet muff and started fucking my very own stepsister in missionary position. I grabbed her ankles and watched my hard cock move in and out of her pussy mound. I could see the juices of her passion glistening from my shaft each time I pulled out of her cunt. Suddenly, her orgasm exploded and she was crying out wildly! Her nipples were red and swollen and rocked back and forward in time with the thrusts. I slammed into her faster and faster, pushing deep into her tummy on each thrust. I lied flat on my back and my naked step sister straddled herself on top, started to rub my dick along the outside of her wet swollen labia and then slammed herself down. The hot teen pushed back onto me each time I thrust, driving me even deeper. Her juicy bubble butt was bouncing up and down as she rode my hard cock in reverse cowgirl position, moaning and grunting. She had a delicious ass, and I put her down on her hands and knees so I could continue fucking her tight pussy doggie style from behind. There she was face down wit her ass up in the air and her hands reaching back and spreading her ass cheeks wide for me. I continued to slam my cock into her gushing pussy, admiring her tender little asshole. The horny girl was looking back with pure lust in her eyes. The tightness of her squeezing vaginal muscles was more then enough to send me over the edge. My stepsister begged me to blow my creamy load all over her face, swallowing every single drop of my sticky cum! 