I started taking dance lessons just because I had a crush on the dance instructor and it didn’t take me long to have this beautiful blonde dancer girl taking my huge cock like an expert and cumming hard in the most insane positions! I pin her shoulders to the couch and spread her legs wide open, unbuttoning her sexy cotton body at the crotch and exposing that delicious pink pussy burger which was already oozing pussy juices from her delicious slit. Not too many girls have such gorgeous pussy as she has. The naked girl wiggled her juicy little butt for me, spreading her butt cheeks wide open with her hands, showing me that sexy little asshole. She looked so sexy in her white cotton leg warmers as I ate out her pussy and ass, making her squirm while she moaned, grunted and giggled. I just lifted her up until she was on her head and holding herself to the back rest of the couch with her hands while I tongue fucked her cunt. I had uncontrablde desire to eat out her pussy. I lifted her over my shoulders as if I were going to power bomb her, munching on her lovely pussy while putting her against the window. Fuck yeah, I wanted my neighbors to watch me fucking this sexy blonde dancing girl. The sexy girl moved her hips up and down smearing her pussy juice all over my face. After eating her out I strip naked and placed her upside down on the couch, sitting on her chest and feeding her my rock hard cock, making her suck and stroke it while she licked my big balls. With her hands around my legs and her legs around my chest sucked and stroked my cock upside down while I stood. I’m telling you man, we were fucking in the most insane positions! The tiny teen girl was full of desire for my huge dick. She was on her knees on the couch, lifted her cute little ass and I rammed my huge prick into her gushing cunt. The little girl screamed, she had never felt anything so big, but she was thrusting her ass back onto my prick as I thrust forward. I loved the way the hot teen fucked herself doggie style using my huge dick. She reached between her legs so she could caress my balls while getting fucked. The sex-crazed teenage girl moaned as I rammed myself between her ass cheeks, my cock felt good as it thrust inside her, the room filling with the sound of slapping flesh. I flipped her over like a fucking pancake, spreading her legs wide open and pounding her muff in missionary position. After that her tiny pussy was red and swollen for days. I continued to pump her cunt, pulling the giant cock almost out of her then ramming it in, faster and faster making her cum. The teen girl had the unrestrained libido! By the look on her face I could tell she had never been fucked like this by any other man in her entire life and she would probably never get fucked like this again so she was enjoying every fucking minute of this hard-core fuck. The sound of slapping balls along with her moans as the naked girl came and came filled the room. “You little bitch slut, you like being fucked hard!?”   I put the young naked girl in the full sex Nelson, locking it up as I pounded her pussy senseless. I fucked her lifting her as I stood up, in a piledriver fuck with her shoulders pinned to the floor, I used her tiny body in the most insane sex positions. The teen loved the fact that she finally found a dance partner that can pound her pussy hard. Soon, it was my turn to experience a massive orgasm and ejaculated filling her womb with my seed. Her vagina squeezed hard around my dick. DON’T STOP, OH SHIT I’M CUMMING! As she cried out I kept destroying her pussy, her juices shot out of her cunt with each thrust. I blasted my sperm deep inside her vagina. She dug her nails into my shoulders and shrieked, drenching me with her nectar in return.