My stepdad invited me to spend Thanksgiving over at his place with his beautiful wife and their gorgeous teen daughter, my stepsister who I hadn’t had the chance to meet before. While we were sharing Thanksgiving dinner I noticed my stepsister playing with me under the table, I could feel her feet in her high heels caressing my legs and even rubbing my crotch! I excused myself and went to the bathroom. But on my way back to the living room I heard a noise, I looked into the room and suddenly I saw my dad and her wife pulling down her thong panties. There she was face down wit her ass up in the air and her hands reaching back and spreading her ass cheeks wide, my dad rammed his dick into her cunt from behind and began fucking her hard and fast! This was so fucking hot! I was shocked by the fact that I had been turned on by watching two people fucking. I went to the bathroom and the teen slut followed me in that sexy white outfit, a sexy open shoulder top with long sleeves and a tight miniskirt. She noticed I still had a pretty big throbbing bulge under my pants and she began rubbing it over them, whipping it out as she dropped to her knees. She took my penis in her little hands and began sucking and stroking it! I couldn’t believe this was happening! I mean, this was my sister! And it was Thanksgiving! And her parents were there! I was even more shocked when her dad walked in on us and he didn’t look one bit surprised to find his step daughter giving me head! They had obviously already talked about this! He was hard as a rock too, as she took his dick and played with it too! My mind was blown away! She had her titties over her top as she jerked us off and blew us until his wife walked in on us, totally shocked! She took her stepdaughter by the hair and dragged her upstairs to the bedroom. By the time we arrived up their, it looked like the girls had already smoothed things over and invited us to join them for a hot Thanksgiving family fuck fest! We all stripped naked and the girls got down on their knees and started sucking and stroking of her rock hard cocks in unison. Then the naked girls swapped places and kept sucking our dicks together and licking our balls, smiling and looking at each other. The girls tried their best to please us and it looked like a blowjob competition! We got into bed side by side and the naked girls straddled themselves on top of us in a 69, sucking our cocks while we ate them out. The sexy naked mom climbed on top of my face, opened her pussy lips and lowered her wet cunt onto my mouth. Double 69 cock sucking pussy eating fest! Soon they were straddled on top of our rock hard cocks, impaling their now moist cunts on them. The girls rocked back and forth, they touched each other’s breasts and said dirty things to each other. They rode our dicks in cowgirl position and reverse making their hot naked bodies, big tits and juicy bubble butts bounce up and down. I fucked my sexy stepsister and then moved on to my stepdad’s hot wife, fucking her doggie style from behind while I watched them banging her very own stepdaughter in missionary position and both girls played with each other and had hot lesbian sex, eating each other out, sucking and stroking our cocks and getting fucked very hard by in every single possible position in combination!   I saw that the dad had kneeled the girl down and was now cumming on her cute face. I kept pounding his wife’s big juicy ass listening to the sound of her step daughter swallowing his cum hungrily. I held the woman’s hips, the big dick ramming into her trembling body and pulling out only to ram in again, the young woman squeezing the sheets and groaning with pleasure at each thrust. Then the teen girl heard me groan loudly and she knew I was coming inside her mom’s cunt!!! The girl wanted to taste of her gravy, she ran up to us, spread her stepmom’s cunt lips and began eating my cum out of her vagina! The hot teen slut quickly swallowed as much of it as she could. Pretty soon we were both watching the naked girls kiss and swap it back and forth! Thanksgiving turned into family fuckfest! I couldn’t wait until Christmas and New Year’s eve to see what those fuck fests would look like!