I was walking down the street when I saw this beautiful blonde coming back from the beach with denim shorts over her swimsuit and sexy tattoos all over her body. Being this the type of girl I love to fuck, I struck up a conversation with her. Having a conversation with somebody you don’t know isn’t that easy, that’s why I always carry enough cash to cut through the awkward conversation, and soon I had this sexy slut flashing her tits for me in the middle of the street! Natural breasts, areolas, and nipples are THE BEST!!! We were off to a good start! The sex talk and the situation started making her very horny. Since we were in the middle of a crowded street, I convinced her to follow me back to my place where we would have more privacy. Once there, in my back yard, she flashed me again. Now I could take a good look at those nice little titties and perky nipples. Some more cash and she was down on her knees, sucking and stroking my big throbbing member. She looked like a little girl awaiting her first sexual experience, my dick was so big compared to her petite frame. I looked around to make sure the neighbors weren’t eavesdropping as this beautiful slut gave me head in the backyard. I wanted to fuck her and after naming her price, she stripped naked! Hot great body! She lowered herself on top of my cock. Her pussy was amazingly tight around it. She rode me in cowgirl position, grinding herself against me, moaning and squeezing my dick with her vagina. My dick and my cash drove the slut mad with desire, and she fucked me back as much as she could, slamming her cunt down onto my huge dick. She liked being fucked by a stranger! “You like acting like a common whore for a man you just met? You like being a naughty little slut?” She made that juicy bubble butt bounce up and down my lap, looking over her shoulder like a sexy slut. I told her to get down on her hands and knees, pushing my cock deep inside her gushing cunt, banging her doggie style from behind. I flipped the naked girl over, spreading her legs wide open, banging her in missionary position and cumming all over her pretty face! And they say money can’t buy happiness! 