My sexy brunette girlfriend is always hanging out with her gorgeous blonde friend and since recently she got me a brand-new camera as a gift, and I was feeling bored while the girls were hanging out together, I pulled out the camera and started to film my babe and her girlfriend! The girls were wearing matching white tank tops and tight jeans and they began teasing and flirting as I filmed them. This was getting hot, man! On the couch, the blonde pulls down on my girlfriend’s top, exposing her big beautiful tits, cupping them in her hands while sucking on her perky nipples! Fuck, I was getting a massive erection just from watching and filming them! Looks like the horny girls wanted to make their very own homemade porn movie! I had never seen two girls kiss before, at least not in such an obviously sexual way. As they took off each other’s clothes, my girlfriend spread her legs wide open so her friend could eat her out, licking her wet slit with her pink tongue. She is sliding her tongue up and down her slit. As her naked friend slides her tongue inside of her pussy she explodes on her tongue and she eagerly laps up her juices. My girl loves reciprocating, burying her face between the blond’s long legs and making her cum with her tongue too, teasing her g-spot with her tongue and caressing her clit. My girlfriend had never had sex with another girl and had never even considered it. Watching two naked girls make love I wondered what it would be like to have my gf’s sexy friend’s tits and pussy in my own mouth, to suck on her swollen nipple and her clitoris. The naked girls signaled me to join them, pulling down on my pants and grabbing my throbbing erection, sucking and stroking it together, licking my balls and drenching me with her saliva as they traded sloppy kisses. While her girlfriend watched, I put my girl down on all fours and fucked her doggie style from behind. She told me she wanted to see me fucking her friend, so I put her on her back, spread legged in her as I fucked her dripping with pussy in missionary position! I took turns fucking the girls both while they ate each other out. Most of my white friends are always salivating over those skinny bony looking bitches but I like girls with big asses and I had a chance to fuck two sexy babes together! 