The things that happen when I try to be nice to my stepsister! I found her sunbathing by the pool in a sexy swimsuit and high heels and I knew she was up to something naughty when she asked in a very sexy voice if I could rub oil on her back. I pass my hands all over her back, applying lotion on her juicy bubble butt and her sexy long legs, hearing her moaning softly as I did so. I love young skinny girls and my step sister is such a beautiful teen babe with a perfect body. She was biting her lip and giving me naughty looks, visibly turned on. Well, I was excited too, I was pitching a massive tent under my pants and when she caught a glimpse of it, she got topless and asked if I could also apply lotion on her beautiful breasts. I was oiling her perky titties all up with both hands and could feel how hard and erect her nipples were getting. We got in the pool and played for a while, but we both knew what we really wanted to do was fuck. She took off her bikini bottom under the water and flung it my way, sitting on the edge of the pool with her legs spread wide open, her tender pink clam ready to be played with. I passed my fingers up and down her wet slit, and she was somewhat from the water, no sir, she was gushing! What a gorgeous girl and absolutely stunning and beautiful pussy lips. What a delight it was to see her beautiful young 18 year old pussy so close. We got out of the water and I stood as she dropped to her knees, sucking and stroking my big throbbing erection. The little slut held my throbbing cock over her cute face and sucked my balls from below. She played with my balls tenderly, sucking one ball and then the other into her mouth, slobbering all over them. My big dick was covered in her drool, and she was so turned on! After giving me head, the sexy naked girl got down on her hands and knees, pulled her ass cheeks apart and held her cute buttocks wide open so that I could see her asshole! She stuck her perfect ass up in the air, inviting me to fuck her. My cock slided deep into her vagina. She pushed her delicious bubble butt back up against my cock, stuffing her muff with my dick meat doggie style. “Mmmm, I love your cock!” I could see her juicy little asshole contracting with every thrust as I lied flat on my back and let my sexy sister sit on my lap. She clamped her fat pussy lips around my dick, pushing my cock inside her and riding me in cowgirl position. Watch as her hips bucked up and down was such a thrill. She went faster. “I’m…..I’m…..cumming,” she screamed as her naked body shuddered in orgasm, and she collapsed on top of me. With my dick still inside her snatch, she flipped over and continued bouncing up and down my lap in reverse cowgirl.   My sexy sister squirmed against me looking back with pure lust in her eyes. Also, I could see her anus pucker and then relax with every pulsate. I grabbed her firm titties, squeezing them hard and feeling her perky nipples between my fingertips as she moaned and squirmed, flipping over again and rubbing her cunt all over my dick, urging me to cum all over her face and open mouth! She began grinding her clitoris against my hot throbbing cock, covering it with her juices. I could smell her sex! Her face was nothing but a large smile as she began to ride even faster, harder, slamming herself down onto him, grinding her clitoris hard against me. I forced my hard dick deeper inside her little cunt, and rubbed her clitoris and her anus with my thumb. She screamed in ecstasy as her gorgeous body was rocked with her orgasms. The sexiest and the hottest girl I have ever seen! I pumped my cum like crazy into her open mouth. She gagged and choked on my load and tried to swallow it all. 