This sexy blonde and brunette enjoy working out at the gym, their big tits and juicy bubble butts are bouncing up and down to the beat of the music playing in the background as the girls go through their exercise routine, sweat dripping down their gorgeous bodies. When the brunette’s husband comes pick her up, he’s surprised to find her making out with the sexy trainer, and when she sees him, she brings him in so they can all work out together in a hot threesome! While he eats out his wife, she sits on his face and makes him fuck her wet cunt with his tongue. He’s never been much into physical fitness, but this is the type of workout he can definitely get into! Seeing two sexy girls make love has already turned him on. His wife sucks his big dick and he rams it down her throat while pressing his body against a beautiful blonde trainer’s. He has her bent over and begins fucking her dripping wet pussy, with his wife licking his balls. This is so wild! The naked trainer pushes the brunette’s face against their crotches so she can play with them both while they are fucking. His wife feels her husband’s big balls slap against her face when he pounds her trainer with long, hard strokes. She is having both a vaginal and clitoral climax at once! The incredible tandem of vaginal and clitoral pleasure. Then the naked gym girls entice him with their big tits and butts while sucking his dick and licking his balls together. His sexy wife rides his huge dick and the trainer rides his face and then the naked girls switch positions, facing each other so they can make out while he’s fucking them so hard. He just holds onto their hips and pumps his monster cock into their cunts as fast and hard as he can. “Harder baby” his wife moans insistently. He begins slamming the sexy brunette so hard that his balls are slapping against her spread ass. He holds her waist in his hands and moves into her cunt from below with furious strokes. He puts them down on all fours, one on top of the other, and fucks their pussies from behind, switching from one cunt to the other. Their pussies are so unbelievably wet and slippery that their fucking makes audible squishing sounds as he slams them together. Watching the shock waves in their buttocks from the force of each impact are just amazing! He jams his full length into these cunts, balls deep, with forceful thrusts. Oh fuuuuuuckkkkk, that feels so good! After fucking the sexy babes hard and fast he’s ready to give them their much-needed protein shake, feeling her mouths with cum! No wonder his wife loves working out at this gym with her trainer so much! 