Talk about bad timing! Since my girl was away on a trip, I called up my mistress, a sexy babe with massive tits, to come over, just to find out my girl cut her trip short because she was missing me too much! There she was, hugging me at the door just as I tried to cancel with my mistress but it was too late, she had already arrived! When my girlfriend saw her in front of the house, she pretended to be a coworker of mine as she introduced herself to my girlfriend! Wow! So I found myself sitting in the living room with my girlfriend and my mistress (pretending to be my coworker), who, by the way, was flashing me her big tits and wet snatch right behind my girlfriend’s back! I was getting a huge hard-on as she did this, making my girlfriend believe she was the cause of my powerful erection, if she only knew! Well, at least until she looked over her shoulder and saw my “coworker” topless and finger fucking herself on the couch! My girlfriend was so shocked, but my mistress didn’t even give her a chance to react as she jumped on her and begin taking of her clothes, suggesting we have a threesome! I was sure my girlfriend was going to throw a fit, but I was so wrong! Instead, she threw herself in the arms of my mistress as the girls locked lips in a passionate kiss, their hands all over each other! WTF!?! Now I was getting turned on, watching my girlfriend’s dripping my mistress naked, grabbing her big tits with her hands and pushing her puffy nipples into her wet mouth, sucking and licking them like crazy. Totally naked, my girl lied on her back with her legs spread wide open, sucking and stroking my hard cock while my mistress ate her out! The girls started playing with each other’s tits and pussies. Because they were both women, they knew what they liked so it felt so fucking good. My busty mistress fucked my gf’s mouth with her cunt, pressing her head tight against her. I was even more surprised when she told me she wanted to see me fucking my “coworker”! I spread her legs wide open and started fucking her in missionary position while my girlfriend sat on her face, lowering her moist pussy lips to her mouth. She began grinding her cunt against her face, squeezing her big, sensitive, heaving breasts, her juices wetting it thoroughly. “You like that don’t you baby?” I pounded her cunt as hard as I could. My “coworker” sucked and stroked my cock while my girlfriend grabbed her from behind, kissing and licking her ass and cunt in 69. My horny mistress rode my girlfriend’s face and her juices soaked the bed beneath her. “Aren’t you jealous anymore?” she asked. Her fat pussy pressed hard against her open mouth as her thick thighs rubbed her cheeks. My girl sucked her pussy lips into her mouth and swirled her tongue around her clit until she came again and again. “Oh god yes” she moaned loudly. The busty babe straddled herself on top of my juice coated cock, making her big tits bounce up and down and rubbing her wet muff as she rode me in cowgirl position with my mistress sucking on her big tits and squeezing them hard. She slapped my girl’s twat while I was banging her.   Then my mistress spread her legs wide open, getting her muff licked by my girlfriend while I fucked her doggie style from behind. She licked up and down her pussy with her tongue. I watch the naked girls having hot lesbian sex while I took turns fucking them and they sucked and stroked my cock. Their boobs were rubbing against each other’s as they sucked my dick passionately, I was ready to cum all over their faces and their tits. The girls moved closer, and my girlfriend pulled my mistress close, pressing her mouth to my cumming cock, kissing her and sharing my cum, a sticky string stretching between their lips. My girl closed her mouth, swallowing, then opened it for me, showing empty. It was nice, filling their mouths, watching the girls play, sucking, licking, kissing.