My buddy and I were by the pool checking out our hot next door neighbors, a sexy blonde and a sexy brunette and the girls were just teasing us silly, rubbing some lotion all over each other’s bodies! They even took off their bikini tops, rubbing the creamy lotion on their naked tits and making their nipples nice and hard while giving us the dirtiest looks! To our delight, the two hot sluts began making out and licking each other’s nipples. I couldn’t believe what I was seeing! We pulled out our hard dicks to attract their attention. When the naked girls notice the two men looking at them, when they saw how big and hard our dicks were, they came over to help us out, sucking and stroking our members! They sucked harder and harder, sucking my balls and in one motion deep throated my shaft down to the base. The naughty girls took turns with our cocks and even double teamed us, so fucking hot and sexy! While the brunette was giving my friend head, her friend was playing with her ass behind her and I got behind her, pressed my cock against her ass cheeks and used this opportunity to push my hard cock deep inside her dripping wet pussy. Her pussy pussy muscles clenched my cock. Despite the fact that her ass was big, her pussy was very small and tight. The naked babe turned around, looked me in the eye, smiled and started grinding her butt on me. I fucked her from behind while slapping her sexy ass. I pounded my cock into her cunt balls deep as I tugged hard on her hair and slapped big ass cheeks. I was watching my friend fuck the other slut, and it was incredible. The brunette rubbed her cunt and raised a leg so my friend could give her tight cunt a good pounding and we lied on our backs so they could ride our cocks. The brunette rode my friend in reverse cowgirl while her blonde friend rode me in cowgirl and played with her wet muff, rubbing it while getting fucked by my friend. The naked girls switched back and forth between our rock hard cocks and gave us head to keep our dicks well lubed for their dripping wet pussies. We put the girls down on their hands and knees, fucking them doggy style from behind and watching them having hot lesbian sex between each other until we were ready to blow our creamy loads all over their hot naked bodies! Our neighbors are so hot! 