I After installing a couple of secret camera in our bedroom, my wife caught our nanny stealing some money from the bedroom drawers. She told her she would have to tell me all about it, and the cute nanny back to her not to, so my wife decided to have some fun with her. She pulled off her hot pants and spread her legs wide open on our bed, rubbing the nanny’s young dripping wet pussy with her hands. I walked in right when she was finger fucking her, what a view! I don’t get to see that every day! My wife told me what happened and I decided both my wife and the nanny needed to be taught a lesson! While she watched by the doorway, I pulled out my cock, which was already hard from watching my wife finger fucking the nanny, and made the teenage girl get down on her knees, pushing it inside her wet mouth and making her suck it hard. She looked so fucking sexy with my cock in her mouth and her choker around her neck and her tight little tank top. I grabbed her head and rammed my cock down her throat, making her choke and gag on it, drenching my member and my balls with her drool. Fucking! I thought I was going to cum rigth in her little mouth! My wife looked at me and the little slut looked into my eyes as she uses her mouth. The girl had these sexy little thigh high cotton socks and I spread her legs wide open on the bed, diving between them, eating her out while my wife watched. I had never felt a pussy so wet and it was amazing. I began lapping her slit like a dog drinking water, I have never eaten my wife’s cunt like that. I pushed my fat dick inside her little pussy and fucked her hard in missionary position. Next I lied on the bed and the cute naked girl straddled herself on top, pushing my dick back inside her muff and riding on my dick like crazy. I pressed her hot naked body against my own, slapping her juicy bubble butt while pounding her hard on top of me. She had been a very bad girl and needed to learn her lesson. I put her down on her hands and knees, fucking her sweet pussy doggie style from behind. I sat back down and she squatted over my dick, her bubble butt facing my way and her legs trembling as she took my raging erection all the way in, bouncing up and down until I was ready to cum and fill her thieving pussy with cum! “Oh shit” I cried. “Take it. Take my cum, baby.” I forced my throbbing cock deep in her moist vagina one last time, and held it there for a second, her pussy lips pressed tightly against my body. Her entire body was an erogenous zone. The naked girl grunted and groaned as buckets of thick hot cum pumped from my cock, deep inside her womb, filling her hot hole with boiling cream. “Fill me up baby” she cried out as she came too. Her legs wrapped tight around me and held me deep inside her spasming cunt. My wife was looking at us. My sperm ran down her ass to the sheets below. 