My sister’s sexy brunette friend was staying over at our house and since I got up in the middle of the night feeling horny I decided to sneak into my sister’s bedroom, catching her beautiful friend spread legged in bed and masturbating herself while my sister slept by her side! I decided to give her a helping hand, removing her drenched cotton panties and rubbing her muff with my hand. I could hear her moaning softly, my hand placed over her mouth so she wouldn’t scream too loud and wake my sister up. I dove between her legs, spreading her pink pussy lips with my tongue and eating her out, tasting her delicious pussy juices as they flowed from her wet slit. My tongue slipped into her vagina, exploring her labia slowly and sensuously. Fortunately my sister is a really deep sleeper, almost nothing can wake her up, not even her best friend down on her hands and knees, sucking and stroking her brother’s big hard cock right next to her! Sneaky sex was driving her crazy with lust. The girl was real horny. She sucked my dick like a hot little slut! Then the sister’s friend lied on her back and spread her legs wide open, rubbing her pussy for me. I placed the head of my cock back between her tight shapely lips and then rammed it deep inside her. She yelped, but my cock slipped smoothly into her cunt. I was fucking her in missionary position rigth next to my sleeping sister. I put her down on all fours again so I could fuck her doggy style from behind, her face buried between the sheets, muffling her screams while I pounded that juicy bubble butt nice and hard! I kept pounding her from behind, slapping against her ass and she started to push her hips back at me, making me fuck her faster and faster. I lied right next to my sister as her naked friend straddled herself on top of my cock, squatting and pushing it inside her, driving her body up and down in reverse cowgirl position. Her body was overtaken by orgasms and she moaned against my hand as I shot my load in her causing her orgasm to intensify. The hot teen was quivering and shaking as an earthquake of orgasmic pleasure. My arms moved to hold her till her sexy body regained control of itself. The next day, she told me that my sister actually woke up mid fuck and just stayed there hearing us banging until I came all over her friend! 