My dad was so happy when I told him I was coming over for Thanksgiving, excited to introduce me to his new girlfriend so I could get to know her better, and man, did I! A sexy babe with a pair of amazing big tits and a perfect ass, a really stunning and sensual babe! My eyes were on her massive tits. She sat next to me while we shared Thanksgiving dinner and pretty soon I felt her hand under the table, massaging my crotch and making me pitch a tent! She dropped her fork on the floor and crawled under the table to get it and that’s when I felt her hot lips and wet tongue wrapping tight around my cock and giving me a blowjob! While it was my turn to say what I was thankful for, I had to resist not blurting out that I was thankful for having my dad’s girlfriend sucking and stroking my cock and slapping it against her face under the dinner table, LOL! Not that would have made for an awkward Thanksgiving moment, right? The horny slut finally came back up with her fork, but just a few minutes later, she asked me to help her with some stuff in the kitchen. I could already imagine what she needed my help with! Once there, she reached under my pants, grabbing my throbbing erection in her soft hands, retrieving it and stroking it as she dropped to her knees and put it in her mouth, sucking it hard while licking my balls. She wrapped her big tits around my long dick and gave me a tit job that almost makes me blow my load right on her lovely face. Then she started slapping her big tits with my cock, she loved that. While she gave me a delicious blowjob over the kitchen counter she took off all her clothes, lying over the counter with her sexy butt cheeks hanging in mid air, spreading her legs wide open so I could stuff her dripping with pussy with my big hard cock as if I were stuffing a Turkey with filling! A great, solid figure, and perfect legs which go all the way up to a lovelier ass and pussy region. Her triangle of pubic hair lay above her clean shaven pussy. Very nice tits and a beautiful smile all add up to an extremely gorgeous woman. I couldn’t help eating her gorgeous pussy out, she tasted so sweet. She moaned softly as my tongue tickled her ass. I could smell her juices. My tongue touched her anus and her pussy. She moaned and pushed her already juicy cunt closer to my mouth. I licked her cunt and sucked her clit. My tongue plunged in and out of her tight asshole. Looking into her eyes I pushed my huge cock into her pussy. She grabbed my ass and pulled me deep inside her as she clenched her pussy muscles hard on my granite shaft “Please baby I need your huge cock in me!” The naked sexy babe put her legs behind her arms, showing me how flexible she was, rubbing her gushing cunt with my hard cock thrusting in and out of her. I made her stand, leaning over the kitchen counter, holding one of her legs up and grabbing her neck, pulling her back as I rammed my cock deep inside her snatch, slamming her hard against the counter from behind. I sat down and she straddled herself on top, pushing my thick rod inside her cunt, riding me in cowgirl position. Ohhhh, yes, cummmming, fuckkkkkk me harder, yessss! I slammed so hard I could feel our bones hit. My balls were about to explode. I had never fucked sexiest woman in my life! My huge cock knifed up into her belly each time she slammed her cunt down its length. She was having one orgasm after another.   She was the most orgasmic woman I had ever seen. Her moans and squeals were loud and out of control. Pussy juice was flying everywhere. Looking into my eyes she arched her back and started slowly moving her pelvis forward and backwards, pressing her pubic area hard against mine with every forward and backwards grinding movement. She took my hands and put it on her breasts, pressing my hands firmly against her breasts. The hot babe wrapped her legs around my waist and I lifted her up, fucking her in standing position, feeling those big tits pressed against my chest as we made out, pushing her wet tongue inside my mouth, what a fucking slut! The naked girl rode me in reverse cowgirl, with her big tits bouncing up and down, ready to receive my gravy as I blew my creamy load all over her! Dad sure knows how to pick them and I’m always thankful for that! It just felt so fucking great and I couldn’t stop cumming in her mouth and the slut couldn’t stop swallowing my hot cum. We didn’t pay any attention to my dad who was looking at what was happening.