I came over to my girlfriend’s house and got greeted at the door by her mom, a beautiful brunette cougar with big tits and an amazing body. My gaze fell on her décolletage immediately. Her breasts were only inches in front of my face, and they looked like they were ready to pop out of her dress. I had such a hard time looking at her face instead of her ripe melons as I introduce myself. My girlfriend soon came down and we sat to chat. I love her so much, but what she doesn’t know is that I love big tits, and hers are so small, special in comparison to her mom’s massive jugs! The MILF could tell right away that I was a boob man, and she started flirting with me right behind her daughter’s back, flashing her big tits and making cock sucking motions! Wow! The moment my girlfriend left the room, her horny mom was all over me, down on her knees, sucking and stroking my rock hard cock! I couldn’t believe this was actually happening! My girlfriend could come down every minute now and catch us! The slut had to I sat down and let her mom give me head, the slut had to hide under the table so that her daughter could not see her. Then the mom quickly pulled up her panties, grabbed my dick and dragged me to her bedroom. She was so hot! She spread her legs wide open on the couch and made me eat her cunt out. Her pussy was soaking wet! She let me play with her big tits. Her boobs were firm, big, natural, so inviting, with sexy pink nipples! I held one of her big tits and pushing my penis deep in her cunt from behind. She gasped as my pelvic bone slammed against her big ass. When my girlfriend came knocking on the door, she answered while I fucked her dripping wet pussy from behind, what a turn on, fucking my girlfriend’s mom behind her back! She straddled herself on top and rode my dick in cowgirl position while rubbing her big tits against my face. Then the naked woman flipped over for reverse cowgirl, amazing me with that juicy bubble butt bouncing up and down my lap. We fucked all over the house while trying to conceal it from the roaming daughter. I fucked her in missionary position and blew my creamy load all over her big tits just in time before my girlfriend came back! 