This vacuum sales man is trying hard to make a sell to this beautiful teen slut, but she’s far more interested in seducing him and showing him how good she is at sucking! She spreads her legs wide open, pulling her pink lace panties aside so she can massage her shaved cunt right in front of him. The teen teases him by touching herself. He gives her a helping hand, rubbing her muff with his fingertips while pulling down on her tube top and sucking on her puffy nipples. After finger banging her, she gets on her knees, ready to show him that she can suck better than any vacuum cleaner by taking his fat dick in her mouth and wrapping her lips around it for a sloppy blowjob. She is really good at sucking and stroking big hard cocks. He puts the sexy little teen slut down on her hands and knees, ramming his big hard dick deep inside her gushing cunt and fucking her doggie style from behind while she moans and grunts with pleasure. The teen girl looks so cute with her pigtails dangling during doggystyle. They both strip naked and he lies flat on his back on her living room floor while the naked babe squats on top of him, pushing his fat cock inside her snatch and riding him in reverse cowgirl position, her juicy bubble butt bouncing up and down on his lap. He pushs himself into her as hard as he can, his balls slapping against her pussy. She moans loudly, slamming herself down onto his dick. Love her naturally cute figure and bush trim! They are both sweating like crazy as he puts her on her back, spreads her legs wide open and fucks her delicious pussy in missionary position. She fondles her tits and stimulates her nipples with her fingertips while watching him banging her, what a fucking turn on! While he fucks her hard, she massages her cunt with her hands and then he eats her out, placing her sideways and lifting one of her legs while fucking her from behind until he’s ready to blow his load. The sexy little teen slut is more than happy to open up wide and suck and swallow every drop of cum like a vacuum cleaner! 