My horny stepsister is a total nymphomaniac, just imagine, I came back home and find her totally naked on the couch, she had been watching anal porn and got obsessed with anal sex and she was sucking on a huge double-ended jelly dildo while fucking her pussy and asshole with it! She invited me to sit down by her side on the couch and watch her as she continued fucking herself with her toy. My horny step sister wanted me to fuck her in the ass! I couldn’t believe what I was hearing from my 18 year old stepsister. She showed me how she wanted her tight fuck holes to get pounded hard with her jelly dildo before moving on to my rock hard cock, sucking and stroking it like a dirty slut. My dick was as hard as a hammer handle. My naked step sister straddled herself on top of my lap, pushing my cock inside her cunt and riding me in cowgirl position. While doing so, I stuck a finger deep inside her asshole and felt it contracting with every thrust of my hard cock. Oh yeah baby, that tight little hole was definitely ready for my dick! She pushed it out of her pussy and slid it inside her gaping buttholes. Inch by inch my hard dick was buried inside her perfect cute little ass. She was riding me anally. I could feel her anal sphincter wrapping so tight around my hard sausage, man, this felt so good! I was fucking my stepsister’s ass! My crazy stepsister got on all fours and I plunged my hard dick deep back in her tight asshole, anal fucking her doggie style from behind. I grabbed her and kept pounding into her ass with no mercy on her asshole, fucking her hard, fast and rough. She moaned and squealed. Young girls love huge cocks deep in their tight asses. Then I put her on her back, raising her legs up high, fucking that juicy ass in missionary position while she kept her butt cheeks spread open with her hands, urging me to give her anal funnel a deep and thorough fucking. The sight of my cock disappearing into my step sister’s ass was unbelievable. She rode my cock with her ass in reverse until I was ready to fill it up with cum! “Fuck me harder, HARDER!”, she screamed. I could feel she was cumming, having amazing anal orgasm. Her anus became even tighter around my cock. It was too much for me and within a second I was cumming, pounding my hot throbbing dick hard into her ass, filling her insides with my hot sperm. 