Yes, indeed, I had to run away after my girlfriend’s parents caught me cumming inside of her, but it was so fucking worth it! You see, we were fooling around in her bedroom, she had already gone through all her sex toys, squirting all over me, and was still horny as fuck, so she grabbed my cock and began sucking and stroking it like crazy. She held it firmly at the base with her hand and deep throated it, swallowing my shaft all the way down, making her gag as she choked on it. Thick ropes of saliva dripped from her lips and my cock, drenching my balls as she gave me head. Her tongue was stretched out, saliva dripping from it as she jerked my rod, so fucking hot and sexy! She popped her tits over her bra as she straddled herself on top, pushing my cock inside her cunt and riding me in cowgirl position. She grind that her hips as I grabbed my cock and slid it up and down her wet slit, popping it back inside her so we could keep banging. She began to squrt all over me, it was so nasty that it turned me on even more. She came and came and felt like her cunt would not stop squirting. I didn’t know her pussy could generate that much juice. My sexy girlfriend flipped over and continued riding me in reverse cowgirl position, making her bubble butt bounce on my lap while urging me to slap her. With each and every slap I gave her, she told me to slap her even harder! Man, this bitch was turned on to the max! At this point I didn’t even have to fuck her, I just stayed still and let her push her juicy ass back up against my hard cock. This went on for quite some minutes, that’s when she sat on my face, finger banging her cunt while I tongue fucked her tender little asshole. “Lick it, lick it, lick it!” she screamed at the top of her lungs. She stood leg spreaded, her pussy hovering over my head as she bent over, sucking and stroking my meaty shaft. Pussy juice drips down her naked body as she got on her back and I fucked her squirting pussy in missionary position. She was squirting like crazy, spraying pussy juices all over my cock and balls as she came over and over. When it was my turn, I just could not pull out! Suddenly her parents came to the bedroom door, wondering what was going on! Her parents stood in a daze and watched me fucking their daughter and I felt I was cumming. As her cunt squeezed my dick tight. Unable to stop I was shoting my load into her. With a final deep thrust I deposited the last portion of my seed in her womb. When I finally finished shooting my load, I realized what had happened, quickly pulled out of her used cunt and grabbed my pants. A trickle of cum flowed down her ass crack. Lying on her back with her feet behind her shoulders she began playing with the creampie inside of her, scrapping cum out of her with her fingers and putting it in her mouth! Holly shit! I didn’t see what happed then I just heard her mother screaming! 