Our hot next door teen neighbor was trying to peek at my huge cock through our bedroom window but she didn’t know that my wife was watching and caught her in the act! Any other wife would be mad as hell, but not my wife, she’s a naughty vixen who likes to turn any situation into a kinky sex scenario and what can be hotter than having a threesome with the hot voyeur teen neighbor from next-door? We both started fondling her body over her cute little dress as I sat on the bed and let the young teenage girl have a closer look at my big throbbing erection, with my wife giving her permission to suck and stroke it while she watched. She grabbed her head, ordered her open her mouth and pushed her down to my crotch, making her suck her husband’s big dick hard. She got behind the teen, touching herself while fondling her body. Stripped down to her sexy lingerie, my wife joined the neighbor, sucking and stroking my cock together and licking my balls. We all stripped naked and I lied flat on my back, with my beautiful wife straddling herself on top and pushing my cock inside her cunt, riding me in cowgirl position with the sexy girl watching us. Then we let her take her place, with the sexy teen sitting on my cock, her sexy little ass facing my way, riding me in reverse cowgirl position. The teenage girl was so hot and wet. As the length of my big dick slid into her little pussy, I thought I would cum right then. While the naked girl rode on my cock I played with her butt and my wife had hot lesbian sex with her, both of them making out and touching each other, so fucking hot! The next door neighbor spread her legs wide open so my wife could eat her out while on her hands and knees and getting her soaking wet pussy pounded hard doggie style from behind by me. Then my wife lied on her back with the sexy neighbor crawling on top of her on all fours. It was her turn to get fucked doggie style too! I rubbed my cock up and down the crack of her ass and pushed it inside her wet slit while they played together. The sexy neighbor looked at me over her shoulder while my wife feasted on her puffy nipples and fondled her tits. I made her taste my wife’s pussy on my dick while I fucked her and then came all over the naked girls, watching them lick my spunk off each other! 