I love watching the game with my horny stepsister. She doesn’t give a fuck about the game, but she just love stroking my big hard cock while we are watching it, especially when our stepdad is sitting right next to us! You believe that shit? It’s a challenge for her to get me off and make me cum right behind his back without him figuring out something’s going on! She’s wearing a sexy little tank top, the skimpiest shorts and cute cotton socks, she looks so fucking sexy and hot as fuck. While he’s distracted with the game, we wander off so we can have some fun behind his back. As we kiss, I pull down her shorts, exposing that delicious, juicy little bubble butt. I took them off at her feet and then I touched her thighs, running my hands up to her smooth pussy. I grab her tender butt cheeks and jiggle them, spanking them softly. I spread them wide open while we make out and she continues jerking my hard rod. Inside the bathroom, she gets on her knees, taking my throbbing erection in her soft hands, sucking and stroking it with a dirty smile on her beautiful face. After giving me a blowjob in the bathroom I take her to the bedroom, throwing her on the bed and spreading her legs wide open, ramming my rock hard cock deep inside her teen pussy and fucking her in missionary position. She has her tank top pulled over her beautiful tits, urging me to fuck her very hard and fast, just the way she likes it. After fucking her in missionary I put her down on her hands and knees, pulling back on her silky black hair while I’m fucking that tight pussy doggie style from behind, making her grunt and moan with pleasure. My balls are slepping against her cunt so hard that she can’t stop cumming. I rise above her from behind so I can drill her cunt even deeper and harder! We love sneaky fucking while our dad is downstairs watching the game. Her juicy bubble butt wiggle as they smack it hard from behind, slamming that delicious cunt, placing my hand over her mouth to stiffen her screams of lust and desire. I lie flat on my back and my horny naked step sister straddles herself on top, with her sexy little ass looking my way as she pushes my hard cock inside her for some reverse cowgirl fucking right before I pull out of her, spraying lots of hot and sticky cum all over her pretty face! The dad came in rigth in time and caught the daughter swallowing my cum! 