I hadn’t seen my sexy brunette stepsister in a really long time, and boy, did she seem happy to see me! This bitch was all over me in my hard cock, confessing she couldn’t stop thinking about it all this time and needed to feel it inside of her, fucking her very hard! What a fucking turn on! Who doesn’t fantasize with banging his beautiful step sister? Wearing a sexy outfit, thehot teen crawled all over me, slowly stripping naked and showing me her great tits and juicy bubble butt while my cock got hard as a fucking rock. She stood in front of me, bending over and showing me her naked ass and snatch, then sitting on my lap and pushing her tits against my face as I sucked on her perky nipples. She took my big throbbing erection in her small hands, sucking and stroking it with wild pleasure, this was her fucking fantasy cum true. While jerking my rod, she popped my balls inside her wet mouth, licking and sucking them. Saliva dripped from her lips and tongue as she played with my dick, lubing it all up with this wet, sloppy blowjob she was giving me. Her pussy was dripping wet as she straddled herself on top of me, her cute little ass facing my ways as she planted her feet on my knees, squatting and sitting on my dick. She reached between her legs and instinctively placed my cockhead between her wet pussy lips. With one backward thrust of her hips, the teen slut forced my dick in her vagina, and groaned in pleasure as I penetrated her deeply. My dick was big and her pussy was so small. She rode me in reverse cowgirl position, pushing her petite naked body up and down the length of my fully erect shaft. I held her by her hips as she rode me, popping my cock back inside her every time her wild movements pushed me out of her. Her pussy muscles grabbed my dick trying to pull me deeper inside her. The young naked girl stood in a squatting position, with her hands on her knees, pushing her bubble butt up and down my cock, laughing hysterically, totally turned on by having her stepbrother’s cock inside her cunt. After banging her in this position for a while, I put her down on her hands and knees, fucking her pussy doggie style from behind. She arched her back and fingered her cunt while I plowed her, begging me to keep fucking her hard and fast and to make her my slut. My younger stepsister moaned loud as my big cock stretched her petite pussy out. I grabbed her meaty butt cheeks with my hands and spread them wide open, admiring the crack of her ass and her delicious little asshole contracting with every thrust of my cock inside her tight cunt.   The teens really love big cocks. I pumped my dick in and out of her moist vagina, with soft, wet sucking sound accompanying each thrust. I put her hands behind her back, restraining her while I kept fucking her from behind, she seemed to really enjoy being in such a submissive position, getting fucked by a very dominant man turned her on, much more so knowing that this dominant man is her stepbrother. I put the horny teen on her back, fucking her in missionary position and watching her titties jiggle while she rubs her muff, ready for me to blow my creamy cum all over her face and tits! I came with her, shooting my load on her beautiful face and down her throat, overflowing past her lips, and dripping down her cheek and chin.