My beautiful blonde girlfriend and I have been dating for almost a year and I have been very patient, but quite honestly, my patience is running thin, she’s still a virgin and is afraid of letting me pop her cherry because she says my dick is too big! I just got tired and left. She wanted me to stay and talk, but I’m tired of talking, I want to fuck! I got a phone call from her asking me to please come back to her place. When I did so, I was surprised to find her stepmom, a sexy MILF, sitting in the living room couch. Was this some type of intervention? Her mom is a beautiful blonde cougar with big tits, and she let me know that her step daughter told her about our problem and she had decided to intervene and help us get through it! Before I knew it, I was getting my big hard cock sucked and stroked by both my girlfriend and her beautiful stepmom! My girl was a blowjob virgin too and her stepmom gave her advice on how best to suck my big dick. I had no idea her stepmom was so fucking wild, and she was encouraging her stepdaughter to be as wild as her, all of which, of course, totally benefited me! My patience was finally paying off big time! I actually had to pinch myself, just to make sure this wasn’t dream, a very wet one indeed! While my girlfriend deep throated my sausage, her hot cougar mom licked and caressed my balls with a dirty smile on her beautiful face. We all stripped naked and the girls sat on the couch side-by-side with her legs spread wide open so I could lick and finger fucked their soaking wet cunts while they play with each other and themselves. While I ate one of them out, I rubbed the other’s cunt. Her stepmom asked if she was ready and when my girlfriend nodded yes, she said her open her legs. My fingertips touched her naked pussy, her slit. She was warm and wet. With a frightened face she looked down at my huge cock hovering over her virgin pussy. “It’ll be fine. We’re just going to break the hymen!” her stepmom said. The naked woman guided my big throbbing erection into her soaking wet cunt. For a moment my girl tried to move away from me, but her stepmom helped her spread her legs wider “Relax now and take it” she said. Her stretched pussy was trying to accept the size of my dick. The mom kept assuring her, “Soon it will be feeling so good for you!”. “You’re so big!” my girl yelled as the walls of her virgin pussy stretched open. Finally her stepmom grabbed my dick and plunged it deep into her virgin pussy with one swift, hard motion and my girlfriend gasped loudly as she felt her virginity being taken from her forever. She moaned “Mhmm,” and I began pumping into her pussy slowly and gently. But her stepmom wanted me to fuck her step daughter harder, she gripped me tightly and made me speed up. Popping her teen step daughter’s cherry seemed to turn the bitch on. She smiled watching my huge cock penetrates into her step daughter’s innocent body. I was totally inside of her, popping her cherry as I fucked her hard and her stepmom celebrated that big smile on my girlfriend’s face from no longer being a virgin and having been able to take my huge cock inside of her! Of course after fucking her, it was time to fuck her stepmom! The mom made me sit and straddled herself on top, impaling her muff on my cock, pushing her big tits against my face as she rode me in cowgirl position with my girlfriend watching us fucking. The naked mom rode me like a pornstar, slamming her big ass onto my cock as we sucked on her big tits. My girl spread the mom’s ass and began to lick her ass crack, her asshole with her tongue, moving up and down.   My naked girlfriend took her place on my cock and her stepmom sat on the back of the couch with her legs spread so her stepdaughter could eat her out while we fucked. The amazing sensation she got in her wet cunt grew and grew until finally she screamed and felt her very first orgasm. The naked girls took turns riding on my cock in cowgirl and reverse, in missionary and in doggy style until I was ready to cum. I pushed my hot throbbing dick deep inside her beautiful pussy and she felt my warm spunk fill her up for the very first time! I pulled myself out of her and her stepmom squeezed her pussy. Loads of my thick, white, cum poured out of her ex-virgin pussy. Her crazy stepmom began to eat my creamy cum out of her vagina and smear it over her big beautiful tits.