This blonde hottie with big tits and pierced nipples just came to Florida, she is sexy, hot and ready to fuck with every guy with a huge cock that gets in her way! I’m so lucky to be that first guy! I invited her to stay over at my place for a couple of days until she settles in and she is free to pay off whichever way she wants it, and of course this sexy slut loves paying off her favors with sex! Baring her beautiful pierced titties she gets on her knees and opens up wide, ready to gobble up my massive cock. I hold her head still as I fuck her mouth, ramming my cock down her throat, making her choke and gag on it. Thick ropes of drool drip from my dick and her lips as she gives me sloppy head and gets her mouth fucked hard by my sausage. She makes delicious sucking and gagging sounds as she swallows my boner. I think she’s just about ready to get fucked, so we move over to the couch. I only want one thing, to shove my huge cock deep into her her tight love tunnel. I sit and the hottie straddles herself atop, her hot ass facing my way as she lets my big dick sink inside her tight gash. Her pussy has beautiful pink lips, tidy slit, little clit, smooth flawless skin, it is a totally perfect teen pussy. As my cockhead begins to part her lovely lips and finally enters her opening, it is amazing! I push my dick so deep into her and the girl gaspes in amazement as my big dick slides fully into her little pussy, without a hitch… The slut is soaked! Young girls really love my huge cock! We begin fucking in reverse cowgirl position. I start thrusting, she starts moaning, her pussy is really small. The sexiest girl I have ever seen! The naked girl tilts her pelvis back and forth, arching her back like a cat, enjoying her own strong orgasm. Incredible! The tiny girl is in a perfect position for a Full Sex Nelson, so I lock it in, my arms under her knees and behind her neck, pinning her to my cock and giving it to her real deep and hard, just the way this dirty blonde fuck slut from L.A. likes it! I let the naked teen flip over and face my way as she keeps riding my dick in cowgirl position and I get to watch them meaty pierced titties bouncing up and down and dripping with sweat. I look down between her ass cheeks to see my dick stretching her pussy lips to the limit. Florida is much more humid than L.A. and a hot fuck is going to make this blonde babe sweat like a pig! I love that shit! The sexy naked girl starts slamming her cunt down over my rock hard dick. The horny young teen slut is driving me crazy! I grab her hips to help steady her and start thrusting my hard cock deep into her young body for all I’m worth. She is wet and my shaft is coated with her milky pussy cream. I kiss her wet lips and put her in a wheelbarrow position, her hands on the ground and her legs around my waist as I pump her gushing cunt with my big fat cock from behind. With her legs still wrapped around me I lift the naked girl up, putting her in the Supergirl position so she can soar through the skies impulsed by my mighty cock pounding her hard!   I put her down on her hands and knees, admiring her delicious bubble shaped ass while I stuff her cunt from behind and fuck her doggie style. She even spreads her butt cheeks with her hands so I can fuck her real deep! I buck my hips as fast and hard as I can, pumping the full length of my giant dick into her little pussy. The hot young girl is having one orgasm after another, cumming almost non stop. The teen girls are so sensitive! I flip her over like a pancake, spreading her legs and fucking her in missionary position, rubbing her wet muff with my hands. I pin her shoulders to the rug and she does a head stand as I fuck her and cum all over her! The young naked girl sucks my dick furiously, kissing me, licking me, cum and saliva mixing in a thick drooling mess, both of us moaning and my cock still hard, twitching as it throbs and she strokes it with one hand as she kisses me.