My stepdaughter is a sexy little blonde slut and she’s just about to go off to college. Since I know she’s going to be sucking and fucking lots of cock once she’s there, I decided to sexually prepare her. Hey, if this slut is going to let anybody on campus fuck her, at least I’m going to be on the front of the line! We start up with some oral sex. She gets on her knees, a position she’s going to get used to and be in a lot once she’s in college, and starts sucking and stroking on my big fat cock. Yeah, she may be my stepdaughter, but she sucks cock like a whore! She must have learned from her mama, lol! She’s drooling all over my member, looking into my eyes and moaning with utter satisfaction. The slut even takes some notes while she’s eating my cock, so fucking sexy. I’m looking at my sexy naked step daughter and my dick is harder than it ever have been in my life. I begin cumming in her little mouth. I produce so much cum in her mouth that I hope she won’t choke on it all. She has never tasted sperm but she has to get used to it. A few hours later, I find her wearing a sexy print leotard with thigh high stockings and a cute choker on her neck. The teen slut looks so hot and naughty modeling her outfit for her step daddy, making my cock so hard again. The sexy babe lies on her back, spreading her legs wide open and pulling her leotard aside so I can ram my cock deep inside her gushing cunt, fucking this hot pussy in missionary position. Unlike her mom, who is loose like a 50-year-old hooker, she’s so fucking tight, I love banging that young pussy! She has her tits popped over her leotard, her pierced nipples fully erect as she takes my hard cock deep inside of her. I make her turn over and get down on her hands and knees, her sexy ass and that puckered little asshole looks so sexy while I’m fucking her doggie style from behind, filling her pussy with cock meat. She looks over her shoulder while I’m fucking her from behind, spreading her butt cheeks with her hands so I can go deep inside her. I grab her meaty ass with my hands, pounding her as hard, as fast and as deep as I can. I’m so fucking turned on, I don’t even pull out when and ready to cum, shooting my creamy jizz inside her pussy. I feel her pussy spasms and her young naked body is shaking as I fill her with my cum, holding her body against mine, squeezing her waist with both hands, enjoying load after load deep in her vagina. My eighteen year old stepdaughter’s pussy is milking me of all my hot cum. She’s so surprised as she tells me she’s not on birth control! Lesson learned, slut! You have to take care of yourself or any asshole is going to get you preggers in college!   A couple of days later, “Can you fuck me once more before I go so I’m ready???” My naked step daughter straddling herself on top of my lap and pushing my dick inside her gushing cunt, riding her step daddy’s dick in cowgirl position and telling me how much is going to miss my cock while she’s away at college. Feeling my dick encompassed by her young hot pussy, and savoring the sensation of her beautiful ass cheeks pushing against my body, is something incredible. Her young pussy feels so fucking good, I know I am not going to hold out too long. I grit my teeth, pounding as hard as I can, spewing jet after jet of hot cum deep into her vagina.