This drop dead gorgeous brunette slips into her sexiest black lace lingerie and gets a drink from the kitchen waiting for her girlfriend to come back home for a night of hot lesbian sex. However, when she turns over, she surprised to find herself with her girlfriend’s son, who just came back from playing hoops with his friends. While she prepares some food, the teenager gets behind her, pressing his body against hers. She can feel his big erection throbbing against the crack of her ass in his hands all over her big tits, fondling and squeezing them. She tries to resist, but when she turns over and sees the massive tent his big hard cock is pitching under his pants, she just can’t resist. Is it her fault her girlfriend’s son is such a hung hottie? The slut drops to her knees, spitting all over that gorgeous cock as her girlfriend’s son rams it down her throat, fucking her mouth with his tool. Such amazing cock sucking skills. The sexy babe can suck dick pretty good for a lesbian. He fucks her big tits and she lets him cum inside her mouth, his sticky semen dripping down her tongue right as her girlfriend, wearing a sexy lingerie outfit in stockings, walks in on them. This misunderstanding gets resolved in the bedroom, with her beautiful blonde girlfriend sitting on her face and making her eat her pussy. When two hot naked women in stockings 69, the whole world gets closer to world peace. They are amazing together, excellent sluts. The lesbians reverse position several times, snacking on their big tits, tongue fucking each other, finger banking and scissoring like crazy. The naked girls trib, rubbing their moist pussies against each other until they experience an earth shattering simultaneous orgasm that leaves them drained and drenched in sweat. The sexy brunette decides to cool off with a shower, but finds her girlfriend’s naked son is already there. He just came in her mouth a while ago, yet he’s already hard as a rock again and she finds herself once again enticed by his delicious dick, dropping to her knees in the shower and sucking it hard. While the water runs down her big tits and sexy body, she straddles herself atop that big dick and impales her cunt on it, riding it in reverse cowgirl position. I just love shower scenes. I have a little fetish for wet naked girls, I think its one of the best sex looks. She sucks and strokes his cock under the shower, the water running through her hair and all over his hard cock and balls is such a fucking turn on. Always love to see a horny lesbian getting fucked, sucking cock and getting a hot load of sperm on her tongue. The naked babe sits back on his girlfriend’s son’s massive dick, this time in reverse cowgirl position, her big tits and juicy bubble butt bouncing up and down his lap, splashing water all over the place. They narrowly avoid getting caught by her girlfriend and his mother a second time, and the sneaky sex scenario gets them both so fucking turned on that they fuck like animals under the shower! What an intense mind-blowing sex! In addition her body is absolutely breathtaking! She is so incredibly hot. He plows her wet cunt as she rubs her slit. She has never felt so attracted to cock in her life and she is ready to swallow yet another load of hot cum from her girlfriend’s son’s delicious member! We have to wait for part 3 where he fucks them both in the ass. That would be amazing! 