Some people struggle with their career choices, but that’s not me. There’s nothing better than being a personal trainer for these sexy tiny teen girls! Well, just one thing, getting to bang them! This sexy petite blonde teen is my latest trainee and I’m having a ball training her, and we’re in the best part of the session, as I pull down my pants and let her have a look at my massive erection! I love the looks on their faces when the teens see my huge dick for the first time, their eyes almost popping out of their sockets and their jaws dropping to the floor in awe and shock! She takes it in her tiny hands and starts licking the tip, if she manages to fit it all inside her, she will pass the test! Holding it firmly at the base, she starts sucking it, swallowing my man meat inch by inch. She does her best to deep throat my big cock, she manages to get three fourths of the way before she starts choking and gagging on it. I hold her head still with my hands and fuck her mouth, thrusting my cock deep down her throat, feeling the thick ropes of saliva dripping from the sides of her lips and down my shaft and balls, drenching them. I lift her up, upside down, in a pile driver position so I can eat out her little pussy while she continues sucking my cock and lubing it up with her drool. Then I put the dirty little bitch down on her hands and knees. Her young pussy is so tight that I have to start off slowly to get it stretched out enough for my huge cock. Then ram my hard cock deep inside her tight muff, keep stretching it out as I fuck her doggie style from behind, making her scream at the top of her lungs as she feels that massive erection putting her pussy to the test. I start to fuck her little pussy with my huge cock and hear her cry out…”faster, harder.” I sit down, straddling the petite naked girl on top of my cock in reverse cowgirl position, sliding my hands under her knees and behind her neck, locking her up in a full sex Nelson, the most perverse sexual submission ever invented by mankind! She pulls through with flying colors and, still impaled on my cock, I flip her over so she’s facing my way as I let her ride on my cock in cowgirl position. She’s awesome. Super cute and fucks like a champ, she’s a lot of fun and all natural. I enjoy watching her sexy little titties bouncing about and that delicious, juicy bubble butt slapping against my lap while she’s taking my huge cock. The young girl spreads her butt cheeks with her hands, exposing the beautiful crack of her ass and her tender little asshole, twitching and contracting with every thrust of my powerful cock inside her snatch. The teen girl screams, “I’m cumming, keep fucking me, keep doing it, FUUUUUUUCKKKKK!” Redheads are so hot! She is very cute petite girl and horny as hell! I throw her around into every crazy sex position. I slap her little ass and a pin her shoulders to the floor, spreading her legs wide open and fucking her hard in a pile driver. Grabbing her by her legs, I lift her up in midair while still banging her, finally cumming all over her pretty face! She certainly loves my pounding and looks like she wants to go another round at the end by the way she keeps sucking my cock after the cumshot. 