This sexy brunette MILF gets pretty pissed off when she finds her stepdaughter pulling around with her boyfriend in the bedroom instead of doing all the chores she has assigned her. The sexy mom sends her upstairs to clean the filthy bathroom and stays in the bedroom with her boyfriend, picking up the dirty laundry. She notices how dirty his shirt is, making him take it off so she can wash it too. Thinking about it, his jeans could use a wash too, and his briefs! It doesn’t take her long to have her step daughter’s boyfriend totally naked in front of her, admiring his delicious cock throbbing hard and dripping precum. She pops her big tits over her top, wrapping them around his hard cock and spitting on it to lube it up as she gives him a hot tit job. What a sexy MILF with amazing boobs. She slowly rubs his cock between her boobs squeezing them with two hands. The dude is almost ready to spray her face with his hot cum. When her stepdaughter comes back from cleaning the bathroom, she finds her stepmom cleaning her boyfriend’s cock and balls with her mouth! She’s upset at first, but the MILF invites the teen girl to join her as she teaches her how to polish his balls using her tongue! After all, a clean boyfriend is a happy boyfriend! The girls take turns sucking and stroking his cock and balls and his girlfriend straddles herself on top and rides his hard cock while her stepmom watches and gives advice. Now it’s boyfriend’s turn to learn how to please a woman orally. The horny mom sits on his face and begins her lesson. His face is buried between her juicy buttocks, the naked woman rides his face, rubbing her cunt against his mouth. She leans down and takes his hard dick in her mouth when the teen girl moves down to his balls. The woman has amazing tits but her teen step daughter has amazing tits too. Her young boobies bounce up and down so wonderfuly! Then the MILF gets to ride on that delicious dick too, while getting her big tits fondled and her puffy nipples sucked by her stepdaughter. The naked girls both take care of him, the girl slams herself down, squeezing his dick with her vagina muscles and the woman is busy with his balls, licking them with great pleasure. He fucks mom and daughter both while they eat each other out and comes all over the cougar’s big tits and his girlfriend face. She promises them they can keep fucking together as long as her stepdaughter does her chores and keeps her room tidy! 