Like all guys, I had always wanted to have a threesome with two sexy girls. What guy would not want to have two girls, two pussies to fuck? But I got even more than I expected, three hot pussies at once! I just knew that having my GF and two chicks on the side was going to come back and bite me in the ass! My girlfriend is a drop dead gorgeous ebony girl, but my sexy side girls, a hot blonde and a spunky brunette, also drive me crazy! Thing is, they say men are bad at multitasking and I guess they are right, because somehow I managed to set up dates with all three of them at the same time! Now that the cat is out of the bag, it’s time for me to pick who I really want to be with! Sadie is the first to make her case, hiking up her sexy dress and showing me her tight ass in a sexy pair of lacey panties. She slides them down her ass while she wiggles it, she knows how much I love that! Totally naked, she sits on my hard cock. She plants her plump pussy lips around my dick and begins to slide her clit up and down the length of my stiff rod! I can feel it sinking inside her wet muff as she rides me in reverse cowgirl position. With her pussy clinching around my cock and her hips grinding into me I fuck her tight pussy. The sexy babe spreads her ass cheeks with her hands, I can see that delicious asshole contracting with every thrust of my cock. She gets on her knees, sucking and stroking my dick while looking into my eyes. Behind her, I can see my Ebony girlfriend, Xianna, hands on her hips, checking out the competition at the lovely brunette sits back on my cock, riding me in cowgirl position. My girlfriend decides it’s her turn to make her move, pushing Sadie aside, stripping naked too and taking her place on my cock. She knows her sexy ebony body, her tiny caramel titties and her delicious round and brown bubble butt turns me on so much! She is into the rhythm and slamming her hips back against me to meet each of my powerful driving thrusts. The feeling of a new pussy is incredible! It’s like I have died and gone to heaven. While she’s riding my cock, the hot blonde, Alex, comes up and asks to take her place. She performs a hot and sensual strip tease in front of me, and once she’s totally naked she sits on my dick, her delicious bubble butt facing my way as the hot teen babe makes it bounce up and down my lap in reverse cowgirl, then she gets down on her knees, popping my throbbing erection in her mouth, sucking and stroking it so hard and so deep. Through the corner of my eye, I see the girls coming over, totally naked and looking so hot. They join her, sucking and stroking my hard cock and licking my balls together. I’m in heaven watching three naked girls sucking my dick together. It looks like they made up their mind, why should I even get to choose?   The girls make the choice for me, and passing my cock back and forth like a peace pipe, they make a truce. Why should one of them keep my cock when they can all share it? I couldn’t agree more and I celebrate with my beautiful three girlfriends, fucking each and every one of them. Three mouths are way better than one, and so are three pussies! The naked girls ride my dick and get their pussies fucked hard in doggy style until I’m ready to blow my creamy load all over their faces and bodies. Three girls start jerking my cock towards their faces. There are three tongues, meeting and exploring my balls and my hot throbbing cock. One of the girls say I’m cumming, they open their mouths so everyone can get a cumshot. At the end the naked girls lick it off each other and lick my cock clean.