I met this hot blonde babe on the street, where she approached me asking me for a cigarette and directions to Miami, since she was going to a friend’s party. The teenage girl was looking pretty sexy, so I decided to give her a ride to the nearest bus stop. Being the thankful kind, she told me she would give me a little show us a token of her gratitude. She was wearing a sexy tank top, skimpy denim shorts and black fishnet stockings and as I drove, she pulled her top up, flashing me her beautiful, small titties. Man, that was so hot! I was having a hard time keeping my eye on the road and on her tits at the same time, so I pulled over. Showing me her titties had got her all excited, now the young girl was spread legged and rubbing her muff over her shorts. She started touching herself under them, suggesting we should pass to the backseat where we would have more space to fuck! Yeah, baby, it was on! She took off her shorts and spread her legs wide open on the backseat, rubbing her gushing cunt while I watched her. That girl was so sexy, a beautiful young blonde slut. My gaze was fixed now on her beautiful pussy. After playing with her pussy, she took my big hard cock in her soft hands, sucking and stroking it like a dirty slut. The teen slut got on her back again, spread legged, and I rammed my dick deep inside her wet cunt, fucking her hard in missionary position, balls deep in her pussy, while she played with herself, rubbing her cunt furiously with her hand. She was looking into my eyes and told me how she liked my dick deep into her cunt, making me pound her harder and harder. The hot teen told me to lie back, her fishnet stockings ripped apart at the crotch, straddling herself on my lap, pushing my hard cock inside her tight pussy, riding me in the backseat in cowgirl position. I was looking at her naked titties, her wet pussy and her lovely face. The teen slut kept playing with her red cunt while riding my tool, moaning and grunting and grinding her hips, shaking her perfect ass. This blond bitch was definitely porn star material! No wonder her friend in Miami was inviting her over for his party, who doesn’t want to party with a hot slut like this? The sexy teen flipped over, making her delicious bubble shaped ass bounce up and down as she pushed it back up against my cock, riding me in reverse cowgirl position. After fucking her doggie style from behind and cumming all over her, I dropped her off at the bus station! 