This guy just can’t take his eyes nor his dirty mind off his hot blonde nanny, she looks so fucking sexy and that tight outfit and miniskirt, down on her hands and knees on the couch while cleaning up the house. The sexy blonde is dressed like a schoolgirl. He doesn’t resist creeping up behind her, hiking up her skirt, pulling her panties to the side, spreading her butt cheeks with his hands and sinking his tongue deep inside her asshole and pink pussy burger! She can’t believe he’s doing this! His wife, a gorgeous black woman, is in the house! What would she say if she saw her husband behaving this way? Yet, she gets so turned on by the way he eats out her pussy and ass that she doesn’t resist sucking and stroking his big throbbing cock! He straddles the sexy blonde teen on his lap, pushing his big cock inside her gushing cunt, pounding her hard while he munches on her big tits and puffy nipples. He takes her to the kitchen, where his wife is making dinner, sitting her over the kitchen counter, spreading her legs wide open and munching on her muff. Her pussy is so juicy, her pussy lips are so succulent and big. He spreads her legs and dives between them with his tongue stuck out. He keeps eating her juicy teen cunt out on the kitchen counter, swallowing her pussy juices hungrily. God, that whole scene is hot as hell! The nanny is sure the wife will react, but not the way she expected! His black wife doesn’t mind, she’s just happy to have help around the house from this sexy nanny and she joins in for a hot threesome! Both ladies are great stroking material. The girls are close to perfection, they are both pure magic in this interracial threesome scene. The beautiful nanny finds herself sandwiched by her boss and his big cock and his beautiful black wife with her big mocha tits and delicious round and brown ass! He puts his wife down on all fours and fucks her doggy style over the counter while the nanny plays with her delicious snatch and waits to receive a massive cumshot from her boss! It’s awesome to see both of these girls suck and clean off his cock with their mouths after he cums! 