I came down from the shower wearing just my robe and sat down to drink my morning coffee and read my morning newspaper in the living room right next to my teen step daughter. She’s so fucking hot and sexy! I casually man spread, and I knew she could see my penis. Too bad my wife, her mom, came down and interrupted us! We had stayed up late the night before and decided to take a nap. In her sexy pink crop top and skimpy denim shorts, my horny stepdaughter crept into our bed right between me and her sleeping mother and began to suck my cock! I couldn’t believe it – what the fuck was going on now? It was like the teen slut went wild. There she was, jerking my rod while licking my balls, what a treat! Since her mom is a really deep sleeper, I decided to take advantage of this, stripping her daughter naked and putting her down on her hands and knees, pushing my hard cock deep inside her teen cunt and fucking her doggie style from behind right next to her naked sleeping mother. The horny teen I had to cover her mouth to muffle her screams. She moaned and pushed her sexy ass back onto me, meeting every thrust of my cock up her tight slippery pussy. The girl rubbed her cunt as I fucked her, admiring her sexy body and watching my wife’s beautiful naked at big tits while she slept. I ate out my stepdaughter’s young pussy, pushing my tongue between her tender pink pussy lips and licking her wet slit. Then I lied flat on my back and the hot teenage girl straddled me, took my hard dick in her hand and impaled herself on it. When she had me completely inside of her she began to move her hips back and forth, holding me tight and grinding her wet pussy on my cock, then sliding up to the head of my dick and slamming herself down all the way to my balls. As she rode my cock she wanted me to play with her titties. Her delicious tits were bouncing up and down as she rode on me in cowgirl position. Her tits are not quite as big as her mom’s, but they are still a handful! I enjoy banging her hard in this position, the smacking sound of her tight bubble butt against my lap made my cock so fucking hard! My wife’s naked daughter flipped over, pushing her juicy bubble butt back up against my cock, riding me in reverse cowgirl position and looking over her shoulders, to make sure I was enjoying her pussy and to verify that her mom wasn’t waking up! I put her on her back, spread legged in her essay fuck that sweet pussy in missionary position, right next to her sleeping mom. My horny step daughter began to buck under me, pushing her hips up into me trying to get me deeper and deeper into her.   These teens are so hot and their young and wet pussies are so sensitive, she had one orgasm after another. As I rocked in and out of her I felt her pussy tighten around my cock. We continued to fuck until she was coated in my sticky cum. I cummed harder than ever before. Shot after shot of my cum was pumped onto her face. I was shooting cum onto her face, into her eyes and in her hair and all over her pretty face. My wife had never let me cum on her face, when her slutty daughter went crazy with my cum. I blew my creamy load all over her face and her tits and then went back to sleep like nothing happened!