I decided to fuck around with my stepsister and placed a hidden camera in the bathroom. The footage I got blew my mind! Her cute little ass in that sexy transparent panties, wow! I watched my beautiful blond stepsister stripping naked in front of the bathroom mirror and hopping in the shower, but she was not alone! She brought a big butt plug with her, sucking it and inserting it inside her tight asshole! When she popped it out, she sucked it again, tasting her asshole on the toy! I found her in her bedroom, wearing a sexy black dress and sat by her side on her bed, letting her know that I knew all about her butt plug and her anal adventures in the shower. That’s when she gave me an anal ultimatum, challenging me to see if my cock could pleasure her asshole better than her butt plug! She got down on her hands and knees on her bed, wiggling her delicious bubble shaped butt as I took her butt plug and popped it back inside her tight anal funnel. I pulled it out, admiring her gaping asshole as I tossed her salad, rimming her ass with my tongue. Of course I also ate her pussy out, she was gushing, her body squirming as she touched herself, fondling her breasts and stimulating her nipples with her fingertips, begging for my cock inside her asshole. First I wanted a blowjob, and she gave me the sloppiest oral ever! The drool dripped down my shaft and balls as she ate my cock, lubing it up so it would fit snugly in her butthole. The saliva dripped down her chin in thick ropes, splattering her tits, so fucking hot! My slutty step sister told me she always wanted to know if my dick was as hard and big as she’d heard. She got on her back and spread her legs wide open. I was mesmerized by her beauty, she just lay there on the bed fully naked with her legs opened wide for me. I push my cock inside her soaking wet pussy, fucking her in missionary position. Without warning, I withdrew from her cunt and rammed my cock deep inside her asshole while she furiously finger fucks herself. I forced the head of my dick into her little asshole and stopped just to let her anus to get used to it. I began to slide in and out of her clutching sphincter, leaving only the head inside her ass. Having a dick inside her anus turn my step sister into an anal whore! I rubbed my sausage up and down her wet slit as she stretched her asshole with her fingers, waiting for me to pop it back inside and give her more. I got on my back into her cute little ass, moving my dick back and forth and my horny step sister began to moan with anal pleasure. I pulled her into me more and she responded holding me closer. I pulled my dick out of her gaped asshole and ram it back deep into her ass. It was awesome!   My naked step sister sat on my lap, impaling her butthole on my dick and letting it sink inside her, pushing her sexy young body up and down, taking it as deep inside as she possibly could. She spread her legs as I plowed her ass and massaged her cunt, experience in an intense and powerful anal orgasm that left her shuddering and begging for more, so much more, asking me to break her ass in half with my cock! I thought I couldn’t stop cumming in her tight and hot ass. After filling her anal funnel with lots of hot and sticky cum she confessed that my cock was so much better than any plug or dildo she could ever shove inside her dirty little asshole and I’ve been fucking her ass ever since!