When we received an insanely high TV bill because of erotic VOD purchases, my wife thought I was the culprit, which wasn’t the case, so we placed several spy cams around the house to figure out what was going on. We just couldn’t believe our nanny could be the one behind this, she’s so cute and innocent! Imagine my surprise as I checked the video footage and saw our horny nanny stripping naked in our room while checking out some VOD porn on our flatscreen TV! The slut even used our remote as a sex toy, rubbing it up and down the crack of her ass and her wet slit! I waited for her to get in the shower and walked in on her with the cable bill in my hand. Now that I had proof, our horny nanny had to pay all those erotic TV bills! Since the teenage girl didn’t have enough money to pay and I had a huge hard on after watching her masturbating with a remote control and showering naked, I made a deal with her that would work out for both. She got down on her knees and started sucking and stroking my big throbbing cock. I guess watching all those porn movies paid off, because she was giving me head like a professional porn star, wrapping her lips around my cock and slipping her slick tongue all over my shaft and balls! I threw the naked girl on the bed, spreading her legs wide open and stretching out that tender little asshole with my tongue, just like in one of those anilingus videos on demand she had watched. The hot teen rubbed her wet muff while I ate her out and munched on her ass, grabbing my head and pressing it against her cunt and ass. She continued playing with herself as a push my hard cock deep inside that soaking wet cunt and fucked our porn watching nanny in missionary position. While I fucked her, grabbing her feet and keeping her legs spread wide open, she put on a show for me, touching her naked body and massaging her young big tits. I lied on my back and the busty naked girl straddled herself on top, grabbing my cock in her hands and shoving it inside her wet snatch, riding me in cowgirl position and sucking on my fingers like a dirty little slut. She pressed her hot naked body and big tits against me, then flipped over, wiggling her juicy bubble butt while riding on my cock in reverse cowgirl. I grabbed her big tits as she got closer and closer to an intense orgasm, that’s when she started spraying pussy juices all over the place! The nanny was a squirter! I kept fucking her just to watch her gushing as she squirted, fucking her doggy style from behind and blowing my sperm deep into her cunt! I could see cum leaking out of her cunt as my big load got off into her. 