Man, who said libraries her boring places? I was looking for a book at the library when I noticed this smoking hot blonde teen playing with her pussy between the bookshelves! Looks like literature turns this girl on! When she noticed I was looking at her she began teasing me, pulling her top over her big luscious tits and making them bounce for me. Man, her nipples were already totally erect and so perky! Well, my cock was erect too, matter of fact! The library lady looked at us suspiciously as we tried to get our dogging game going on behind her back! I was hard as a rock. As she dropped some books and kneeled over to pick them up, I whipped out my big throbbing member and she took it, sucking and stroking it across the bookshelf! I could feel her soft lips wrapped around my shaft and her delicious wet tongue playing with my member and my balls, licking and sucking and kissing their way all over my genitals. I went over the bookshelf while the library lady wasn’t looking, so the sexy blonde could keep blowing me. She looked so fucking sexy down on her hands and knees, latched on to my cock like a leech. She was wearing a sexy black top, with a pink skirt, with a black garter belt and matching stockings underneath and sexy fuck me heels. While she was sucking my cock, the library lady sneaked up behind us, wondering if we needed any help! Fortunately, a book cart was blocking her beauty so she couldn’t tell what was really going on, otherwise, we would be banned from this library for life, LOL! When she left, the sexy blonde sat on the book cart, spreading her legs wide open and popping her top over her big tits as I began licking and finger banging her wet slit while jerking my hard cock. At that moment, I took the chance, quickly pulling her panties down, she bent down and her gorgeous ass opened up. I bent the nympho over the book cart, I felt the tip of my cock slip between the lips of her labia. Her pussy was hot and wet. I pushed my rock hard member between her dripping wet pussy lips and fucking her hard from behind. The sexy slut began to move her hips and I answered her movements with thrusts of my hips deep into her cunt. She took my hand in hers and placed it on her breast. I was in shock. I fondled her big tits and she looked over her shoulder while I was fucking her, making sure the library lady didn’t sneak up on us again!   Hot naked girl grabbed on hard to the bookshelves as I nailed her against him, then I sat on a chair and she straddled herself on top, pushing my cock inside her and riding me in cowgirl position, pressing her big tits against my face while I sucked on her perky nipples. My hands explored her wonderfully firm ass. The stern librarian kept warning us to be quiet, but the slut couldn’t help moaning. I took her to a nearby couch on the reading section of the library, putting her down on her hands and knees and fucking her doggie style from behind. By now she had stripped down to her garter belt and stockings and I was totally naked, fucking like crazy until I came all over her face and her big tits. Now we fuck in the library every chance to get!