My teen stepdaughter is always sneaking her boyfriends in the house behind her mother’s back and the teen slut thought she could do the same to me. What she didn’t know, what that I installed several spy cams throughout the house so while I watched TV and she sneaked behind my back with her boyfriend thinking I wasn’t seeing them, I was seeing everything through the camera streams directly on my smart phone. As soon as they hit her bed, I sneaked up on them, effectively cock blocking her boyfriend and making him leave the house. I thought that was it, but my slutty stepdaughter had something else in mind. Since I cock blocked her boyfriend the teen slut seduced me and made me fuck her with my own cock instead! Man, I swear I didn’t see that one coming! She crawled on her bed on her hands and knees and started rubbing my crotch over my pants. It took just seconds for her to give me a raging erection, pitching a tent over my pants as she pulled them down, grabbing my dick in her hands, sucking and stroking it like a dirty bitch! Man, I thought I had outsmarted her, but she outsexed me instead! The young girl stripped naked and got on her knees as she continued slobbering all over my hard cock, fondling my balls with her soft hands, popping them in her wet mouth, sucking and licking them so hard! I’ve never seen anything like this even in porn. These teens of today do amazing things in bed! My step daughter jerked my dick with both hands while sucking them, and then placed them on my thighs as she gave me a hands free blowjob. The drool dripped down the sides of her lips and down her chin and she rubbed my dick all over her slutty face. I was holding her head and fucking her mouth and then taking my hard dick out and slapping her cute face with it, she liked it! I couldn’t resist any longer, I had to fuck her! I put her on her hands and knees over her bed, pulling her juicy bubble butt to the edge of the bed and ram my rock hard cock deep inside her young cunt, pounding my very own stepdaughter doggie style from behind. She was so wet that her pussy juices flowed down her legs. Man, if her mom and boyfriend saw this, they would be so pissed off! The teen slut spread her butt cheeks with her hands so I could see her asshole and could fuck her deeper. Then she straddled herself on top of my lap, pushing my cock inside her and riding me in cowgirl position. I knew the hidden cameras were recording all this footage. Man, I was going to jerk off so many times watching it over and over! My horny step daughter was thrashing and writhing on top of me, forcing her hot young naked body down on to my cock. She made that tight ass bounce, grind, jiggling shake on top of me while mounting my dick. “Give it to me! Fuck me good! Tear my little pussy up!” she screamed with pleasure and push her hips back to meet my ever increasing thrusts. Open your legs, Princess! I pinned her shoulders to the bed and fucked her cunt in a pile driver position.   This dirty bitch just kept asking me for more and more, unlike her mom who always has a headache. I wanted just cum all over her beautiful face and watch as the sticky cum would drip down. CUM IN MY FACE! GIVE IT TO ME! the slut screamed. My cum erupted out of my balls and gushed onto her face, filling her mouth up and covering her beautiful face. There was so much cum, she didn’t have time to even inhale the air between my cumshots into her mouth. She was gagging and choking and I was cumming like crazy. After cumming all over her, she told me I didn’t need to worry about cock blocking her boyfriend, since now she had my cock to play with!