This strict college professor has finally met his match with these three beautiful and nasty college girls. During their final exam he receives a picture on his phone from one of his students flashing her delicious pink cunt under her college uniform. Late at night, while correcting the tests, he gets another message from the same anonymous girl, at the same time, hearing his wife screaming from the bedroom upstairs! He soon realizes he’s under siege by these three naughty college students. Desperate, he hides under the bed with his phone in hand, just to find his three students are already there waiting for him! There is no escape! He’s at their mercy! The slutty coeds take him to his bedroom, stripping him naked on the bed. While one of the girls sits on his face, rubs her wet cunt against his face and makes him eat her out, the other two take turns sucking and stroking his big hard cock and licking his balls, drenching them with their warm saliva. He deserves it, he has been making crude gang bang jokes all semester, and now he finds himself in a reverse gang bang! The naked girls start taking turns straddling herself on top of his rock hard cock and riding it in cowgirl position in reverse. No matter how hard he tries, there is no way his cock is not staying hard and fully erect for the beautiful young naked girls. While one of them rides him, the other teens play with her, fondling her tits and rubbing her cunt in hot girl on girl action, which only makes his cock even harder. The college girls sit on each other’s faces, tongue fucking while he keeps fucking them one by one. He puts them down on their hands and knees, fucking them doggy style from behind while they have hot lesbian sex. He flips them over, fucking their pussies in missionary position. All the girls moan nonstop, rubbing each other’s pussies, sucking his balls, having one orgasm after another. Now he’s a willing participant in this fuck fest and he knows he will have to pay the price, letting the girls pass his class with the highest grades so they don’t expose him! Well, he might as well enjoy it, and why wouldn’t he? At least he’s getting to fuck with three of the hottest college girls on campus, blowing his creamy load all over their faces and watching them licking his sticky cum off each other with sly smiles on their faces! Three hot blondes, three naked girls, three sex crazied coeds, this is one of the best porn you have ever seen! Would you be able to satisfy all three hot girls in a foursome? Don’t forget to download the full video by the link. 