A couple of weeks ago, my beautiful girlfriend got mugged. She wasn’t harmed, but this prompted her to take a few lessons in self-defense with one of her girlfriends. When she showed up, my girlfriend opened the door for her, and this petite Asian girl in a tank top and skimpy shorts stormed in, walking straight at me! She told me I was the attacker, passing me a ski mask, telling me to put it on, and a gun! Luckily it was a toy gun, I almost freak out! She got my girlfriend and I role playing, with her as the victim and me as the robber. Her instructions struck me as odd, especially when she told me to rip my girlfriend’s sweater! I was so much in character, I just went ahead, ripping it wide open and exposing my girlfriend’s beautiful tits! Next, the asian girl played the victim and told me to grab her tits! That’s right! “Grab ‘em!” she yelled, and so I did! She grabbed me by the balls, and noticed how hard I was! How could I not be? She made me rip my girlfriend’s sweater and grab her tits! That’s when shit got crazy! The horny self defense teacher got on her knees and started pulling down my pants, and my girl jumped her! The girls got into a catfight, rolling all over the floor! Of course I did what any other man would do in my position, I watched! By the time the girls started grabbing each other’s tits and making out I knew this catfight had turned into something totally different! The Asian girl ordered me to get on my back, as my girlfriend strip naked and son on my face and I ate her out! Fuck, her pussy was wet like never before! My face was coated with her cunt juice. She grabbed my head and held it between her legs, making me tongue fuck her cunt. Her clit was hard and sensitive and she pushed it against my tongue. Another girl and the idea of a threesome really turned her on! As my hot girlfriend rode my face I sucked on her pussy, playing my tongue over her clit. The naked girls pull down my pants and started sucking and stroking my hard cock together! Man, I swear my cock had never been so fucking hard in my life! My girlfriend straddled herself on top, pushing my cock inside her cunt and riding me while the Asian girl stripped fully naked and joined us. She grabbed my girlfriend’s tits and her ass, watching us fucking before taking her place, straddling herself on top with her juicy bubble butt facing my way, riding me in reverse cowgirl position. She was so hot! The bitch began to ride me hard. Lifting, dropping and twisting on my hard dick. One of my hands was on her cunt, rubbing her clit, my other hand was on her wonderful tits, squeezing and caressing her nipple. I was thrusting my raging erection up into her hot cunt trying to force my dick further and further into her vagina. While the slut rode my dick, my girlfriend slapped her juicy ass and asked me how much I was enjoying fucking her and our hot asian self-defense teacher at the same time!   The bitch spread her legs wide open while sitting down and made my girlfriend eat her out as I had her on her hands and knees, fucking her doggie style from behind at the same time. My girlfriend was overwhelmed by the sensual feelings of another pussy. I couldn’t believe my girlfriend was eating a pussy, tongue fucking another girl and licking her juices! I fucked the trainer in missionary position, with my sexy girl straddled on top of her and masturbating herself until I was ready to blow my creamy load all over them both! I was cumming like I hadn’t cum since I was a randy teenager, shooting gallons of fresh cum into their open mouths. Two naked girls were swallowing it like mad, sucking my hot throbbing cock and licking me clean. Best self-defense class ever!