Since we are getting married, my sexy bride-to-be babe and I decided not to have sex until our wedding night, but it looks like she is just way too horny to wait until then to get fucked! She comes over to my room and shows me how her wedding gown looks on her, simply fabulous! Then she starts taking it off, showing me the sexy white lace bridal lingerie, garter belt and stockings underneath! I know she doesn’t want to wait, and honestly, neither do I! I pull her towards me as she grabs hold of my big throbbing cock and starts sucking and stroking it like the voracious fuck slut that she is. No matter how much white she wears, there’s no purity in my girl when it comes to sex! Unfortunately, our blowjob is interrupted by her bratty younger sister. Luckily, she comes back fast, glad to see my dick is still hard for her, as she gets on her knees and continues slurping on my sausage. As she gives me head, I can see her slutty sister walking into the room, totally naked! She’s a foxy brunette slut with big tits and she walks back towards her room, signaling me to follow her! I can’t resist, so I excuse myself to my future wife and rush to her bedroom, where her naked sister is ready to suck and stroke my cock! The hot babe wraps her big tits around my shaft and lets me fuck her tits, they are so much bigger than my fiancée’s, who by the way, is masturbating herself in the other room waiting for me to come back! The sister is deep throating my cock, but I have to rush back to the other room, where my bride-to-be straddles herself on top of my boner, riding me in reverse cowgirl position! After fucking her, I rush back to the next room, her hot sister is waiting for me and has been playing with a big dildo during my absence. I let her climb on top of my cock, impaling her tight cunt on it, her fabulous big tits are bouncing up and down while the babe rides me and I grab her meaty ass with my hands. I fuck two sisters, moving from one pussy to the other, and I don’t know where the cumshot will land, either or both? I wanna cum all over my girlfriend’s sister’s big tits, but I have to save this cumshot for my future wife to be! Great sneaky sex plot and these two beauties pass as sisters, don’t forget to download the full video. 