I was playing with my bestie on the swing on her back yard when she hiked up her dress, pulling her red cotton panties aside and showing me how wet her pussy was! “So you have never eaten pussy before?” she asked. “Nooo,” I responded, I felt my own pussy becoming wet. I realized that I wanted to kiss and lick her pussy. All the time I knew her she was obsessed with naked girls. She could spend hours watching lesbian porn, or talking about girls. While she balances herself on the swing, I spread her tender pink pussy lips with my fingers and started licking her sweet slit with my tongue. Mmm, her pussy juices taste a delicious, like the sweetest nectar I had ever tasted. I sat on her lap and she undid my bra, taking my puffy nipples to her mouth, sucking, licking and kissing them in such a tender way to send shivers up and down my spine and got my pussy so damn wet. I slid her panties down her legs and admired her perfect bubble butt and her soft skin, like porcelain. As she held on tight to the swing and spread her legs wide open, I ate her out, concentrating on her clit, shoving my tongue deep inside her gushing cunt and drinking her juices as they flow from her slit. The fact that we were both totally naked and having hot lesbian sex in the backyard was such a turn on, just imagine what could happen if any of our neighbors happen to looks for the windows and see the erotic spectacle we were putting on! She got me to take her place on the swing and bend over and I could feel her soft tongue wriggling in my pussy, making me squirm with pleasure. Don’t get me wrong, I love guys, but there’s just something about the way another girl can touch you, no guy can match that! I sat down on her face so she could fuck my pussy with her tongue, I wanted her to make me cum over and over. I could feel her fingers digging inside my cunt, fucking me hard with them, making me tremble to the point that I had to grab a real tight to the swing, fearing so much hot lesbian sex would make me lose my balance and trip over! After eating me out, I press my body against hers, rubbing our pussies together, scissoring on the swing like girls in lesbian porn until we both reached an incredible simultaneous orgasm! 