When my girlfriend’s beautiful blonde roommate found out that my girl was not at home, she decided to take an extended shower, inviting me to watch her soaping up that hot naked body, rubbing her meaty pussy and digging her fingers deep inside her soaped up snatch. She is a nice looking lady with sexy body, nice tits and amazing pussy. I have never seen so beautiful pussy before! Her pussy, was so puffy, her thick labia well exposed. Simply Stunning. She just showed off her perfect ass with lots of spreading it for me, playing with the shower head spaying water all over her naked body. After getting out of the shower, she let me lube her up, using my girlfriend’s favorite lube of course, putting her down on her hands and knees, digging my tongue deep inside her tender cunt and delicious asshole. She wiggled her juicy bubble butt while I ate her ass, pushing it back up against my mouth. I flipped her over and spread her legs wide open, licking her big pussy and stimulating her asshole some more with my tongue while she groped and fondled her tits, moaning and grunting, filled with pleasure. After playing with her pussy lips and fucking her ass with my tongue, she got between my legs, kissing and licking my huge cock. The petite girl wrapped her sweet lips around the hard head of my dick and sucked it into her little mouth. Holding my throbbing erection with both hands the hot blonde sucked and stroked it, drenching my cock and my balls with her delicious warm saliva. She licked my shaft nice and slow, stimulating the tip of my dick with her tongue, tasting the droplets of precum flowing from it, rolling my balls between her fingers. She took her time slobbering all over my cock, kissing, licking, sucking and munching on it, all the time jerking it with both hands, her beautiful eyes locked on mine. She knows my girlfriend doesn’t suck dick like that. Pouring more lube over her hot naked body, she straddled herself on top of my lap, pushing my hard huge cock inside her gushing cunt and rubbing it with her hands as she rode me in reverse cowgirl position. Her thick pussy lips wrapped around my cock. Still impaled on my cock, the tiny naked girl flipped over, ready for some hot cowgirl action, looking over her shoulder as she made her juicy bubble butt bounce up and down as I poured more lube all over it, making it as slick and slippery as possible. Wet and messy sex is a surprisingly common fetish and I like it too. The blonde rode me hard and fast, speeding down along the way, grinding her hips slow, like honey dripping or hot mocha melting, picking up speed and tempo once again. What a ride! I put the sexy little blonde slut down on her hands and knees, admiring her delicious bubble butt drenched in lube as I drove my cock deep inside her cunt and fucked her doggie style from behind. Once again, I took the bottle of lube, dripping more of it all over her delicious ass. As we continued fucking, we were both drenched in lube and the bed sheets were totally soaked in it, as I continue pounding my girlfriend’s roommates delicious cunt.   The sexy naked girl wrapped her long legs around me as I continued pounding my big dick deep into her meaty cunt. The teen slut begged me to fuck her harder saying she wanted to feel all of my monster cock deep inside of her body. I felt her hot pussy quivering as I fuck it hard and fast, making her moan loudly in orgasm. I kept destroying her pussy until I was ready to blow my load, blasting lots of hot and sticky cum all over her face and in her open mouth. I tell her to swallow it and taste the cum! I was going to have to come up with some excuse for my girlfriend came back I wondered what happened with all her fucking lube, LOL!