This sexy curly haired black girl sneaks into her sister’s bedroom, where she’s sleeping right next to her boyfriend after having fucked all morning. She was hearing them from her bedroom and masturbating herself to their love making, but she is still feeling so fucking horny. Wearing nothing but a T-shirt and cotton socks the hot black teen crawls right next to her sister, waking her up as she places one hand over her mouth to keep her quiet and the other one on her snatch. As her fingers dig inside her step sister’s cunt she can still feel how wet she is from her own pussy juices and all that hot spunk her boyfriend deposited inside her after fucking her. Her sister loves when she receives this unexpected visit from her, given into her, spreading her legs wide open and moaning with pleasure as she feels her hands over her tits and masturbating her right next to her sleeping boyfriend. She stimulates her clit with her fingers and her tongue, her pussy is so sensitive after the fucking she has done with her bf. She’s reaching out for her sister’s boyfriend’s cock, feeling how big and hard it is over his briefs and pulling them down to expose that delicious piece of premium white dick meat glistening with precum throbbing so hard. Feeling what he thinks it’s his girlfriend sucking his cock, he opens his eyes only to find his girlfriend right next to him, looking down and realizing it’s her sexy sister giving him head! Now both black girls are sucking his cock together, slurping, licking and kissing his white cock and balls while they make out feverishly. He had no idea his girlfriend had this special relation with her sister, but he’s pleasantly surprised of course! Both girls get down on their hands and knees, showing off their beautiful mocha bubble butts. The black naked teens spread their perfect butts, inviting him to fuck them doggystyle. His girlfriend enjoys her right to her bf’s dick. He pushes his hard white cock deep between her ebony ass cheeks. Her sister rubs her black pussy watching them and waiting for her turn. He takes turns fucking each one of them doggy style from behind, pushing his big hard cock deep inside their dripping wet pink pussy burger’s while the girls masturbate and touch each other. The POV is absolutely amazing here, two black naked girls with perfect asses get fucked from behind. She pushes her bubble butt back up against his cock, urging him to keep fucking her while her sister watches them. He puts his girl on her back, spreading her legs wide open and penetrating her in missionary position while she gets behind him and watches them fucking, it’s so much better than having to just listen to them while she masturbates in her bedroom. Those days are over now, she knows that after this incredible threesome they are going to keep fucking together all the time.   The slutty sister bends down and opens her sexy ebony buttocks wide in front of his face and he puts his face between them. He licks her pussy and ass passionately, running his tongue up and down the crack of her ass. She takes her sister’s place and wait for her boyfriend to fuck her while she prepares him, sucking and stroking his hard cock than watching him banging her sister. She straddles herself on top of his face so he can eat her out while his girlfriend rides on his dick and pretty soon he’s ready to blow his creamy load all over their faces, watching these hot sisters making out while they share his load!