I met the sexiest Latina babe in the social area of my building. A spunky blonde with a smoking hot body and a juicy bubble butt, she was cooling off in the pool in a sexy two piece bikini that left so little to imagination! We had already seen each other several times, but unfortunately, her guy was always with her, but not today! She had a great personality and a toned, perfect body. I would love to spend the day with her! Though she already has a man, this was my chance to film a little amateur sex tape with this gorgeous Latina bombshell! I knew she was into it too, just minutes into joining her in the pool and flirting she was already showing me her fabulous big tits, and her nipples were so fucking hard! I slid her bikini bottom down her sexy thighs and admired the crack of her ass and pink pussy burger as she twerked her perfect bubble shaped ass under the water, what a show! She spread her delicious butt cheeks with her hands, giving me full view of her pink clam, all opened up and ready to offer me it’s pearl. I played with her wet muff, rubbing and massaging it, digging my fingers inside her slit and feeling how wet and tight she was. The hot Latina babe pushed her ass against my fingers, my thumb pressed against her clit while my fingers were are digging around inside her vagina. The girl took off her thongs under the water, got on her knees on the edge of the pool, spreading her juicy ass wide open in front of my face! I wanted those ass cheeks in my face. I wanted that tight Latina cunt wrapped around my dick and I wanted those ass cheeks to smack against me while she bounces up and down on my cock. I enjoyed finger banging this Latina hottie, but I wanted to fuck her, so we left the pool area and headed straight to my apartment where I got her totally naked, spread legged on my bed and playing with her pussy for me. I whipped out my rock hard cock as she got down on her knees, taking it in her soft hands, sucking and stroking it while moaning softly. She gave me give a long, sensual blowjob, slowly sucking my dick, massaging my balls with her hands, teasing the head with her lips and tongue. At theat moment I just wanted to cum in her little mouth! But she wanted me to fuck her like a dirty slut, she got down on her hands and knees, her juicy bubble butt over the edge of the bed and I plunged my hot throbbing dick deep inside her gushing cunt and started fucking this Latina slut doggie style from behind. Man, I didn’t even have to fuck her, she just kept pushing her round ass back up against my cock, grinding it, wiggling and twerking it as we fucked.   Latina girls have the moves, baby! Those hips don’t lie, and neither does that fine piece of Latina ass! The hot babe spread her ass cheeks with her hands so I could pound her deeper and admire her tender little asshole, then I flipped this bitch over like a tortilla and started fucking her muff in missionary position. She grabbed my cock, sucking and stroking it some more and licking my balls, leaving them wet with her saliva before pushing it back inside her wet snatch, straddling herself on top of me and riding me in cowgirl position, making those big Latina tits bounce up and down like ripe melons. I played with her pussy while she rode me and I blew my load all over her big tits and slutty face. The teen slut wanted more and more cum on her cute face and just couldn’t stop sucking my dick. She begged me to watch and jerk off to the amateur sex tape we made until we got to fuck again!