I caught our nanny stealing money from us thanks to a couple of spy cameras concealed around the house. My first thought was firing her of course, until I continued looking at the footage, in which the sexy nanny stripped naked in the living room, fucking her dripping wet pussy with a big dildo. I got really turned on watching this, and decided to confront her with the evidence of her wrongful acts and work out a deal that would benefit both of us. She would get to keep her job, and I would get to fuck her. Wearing wedding white lace lingerie of my wife, the naughty short haired brunette nanny started playing with my rock hard cock, sucking and stroking it like a dirty little slut. I bet she enjoyed it much more than that rubber dick she was fucking herself with in the living room! The little slut got into it pretty fast, giving me one hell of a blowjob, and I push my cock down her throat, fucking her mouth and making her gag on it. I spread her legs wide open and rolled her ass up with her shoulders pinned to the bed, licking her dripping wet pussy and shoving my tongue inside her asshole. Our nanny looked so fucking sexy grabbing on to the bed sheets as I plowed her pussy in missionary position. My wife wasn’t home, so she could scream at the top of her lungs. I grabbed her by her waist, pumping her pussy with my hard dick and watching those delicious firm titties bounce about, her mouth wide open, gasping for breath as I plowed her. I continued fucking her in missionary position until I got tired, then I told her to get done on her hands and knees, ramming my cock deep inside her tight cunt, fucking her doggie style from behind. I grabbed her meaty buttocks with my hands, spreading them apart and exposing her tender little asshole, watching it contract with every thrust of my hard cock inside her tight snatch. I lied on my back and let her straddle herself on top, pushing my cock inside her with her hands and riding me in reverse cowgirl position. Her young tight pussy felt so good! I thought i wouldn’t stop pumping my cum into her vagina. The teen slut fucking loved it! She thrusted her body up into me again and again, making my dick shoot load after load into her womb. 