My sexy brunette girlfriend and I were on vacation with her blonde slut of a best friend tagging along and things were getting hot from the get go, baby! The girls had already flashed me their titties in public and now that we were settled in our hotel room, I wanted to watch them making out. This lead to them playing with each other, fondling their breasts and licking, sucking and kissing their perky nipples while I watched, my cock getting as hard as a rock. The girls both got naked and the sexy blond got down on her hands and knees while my girl licked her tight cunt and tender little asshole, teasing her with her slick pink tongue. I had never seen my girlfriend with a girl before! She spread her ass cheeks wider with her hands and moved her tongue up and down her ass crack, fuckin shit! Then two naked girls got into a 69 position and had a good go at eating each other out. I kept filming from both ends as the girls licked and fingered each other’s wet pussies. Two girls on their knees with their cute little asses spread wide open were ready for doggystyle! They were so fucking hot and wet that they practically begged for me to whip out my big dick for them! I whipped out my cock and both girls began sucking and stroking it together while trading sloppy kisses. I put the sexy blonde down on all fours again, ramming my hard cock deep inside her gushing cunt and fucking her doggie style from behind while my girlfriend watched. I knew that my girl liked what she saw! I flipped her slutty freind over, spreading her legs wide open and fucking her in missionary position. My girlfriend fondled her tits, rub her muff and made out with her. Of course she wanted cock too, so I spread legged her and bangs her hard in missionary position, letting her blonde friend grabs hold of her big tits, squeezing them hard while she sucked on her perky nipples. I put my girl done on her hands and knees and enjoyed her juicy bubble butt while fucking her doggie style from behind. I fucked them all day long and finally blew my creamy load all over their faces and watch them licking it off each other. That’s why we love bringing her friend over when we vacation! 