My sexy girlfriend is decorating the Christmas tree and asking me to help her out, and it’s impossible to say no to her, especially when she’s wearing that skimpy checkered miniskirt. Super sexy Christmas outfit on my super sexy lady! As she climbs up the ladder to place the decorations on the top of the tree I can see her juicy bubble butt a sexy thong under her miniskirt and I just can’t help reaching out and grabbing it. She knows how much I love her ass! She can tie a big bow around it and give it to me as my Christmas gift and I’ll be the happiest guy on the block! Her favorite part is placing the star on the top of the tree, but first I asked her to flash me her beautiful tits. She knows I’m getting hard, so she grabs some mistletoe and places it around my hard cock as she sucks and strokes it. My babe is an experienced cocksucker and take particular pleasure in driving me crazy with her tongue and mouth. I just love helping my girlfriend decorate the Christmas tree and fucking her after! With the mistletoe still wrapped around my cock like a cock ring and jingling all the way since it has some bells attached to it, I bend my sexy girlfriend over by the Christmas tree and start fucking her sweet pussy from behind. Her pussy is creaming all over my shaft. She gets on the couch and spreads her legs so I can fuck her in missionary position. I love this little landing strip of hair just above her pussy! Her pussy is so tight, my pussy is sliding in and out of her lovely pussy. Then straddles herself on top and rides me. My hot babe smiles at me slamming her cunt hard down onto my cock, taking me balls deep inside her body. I love watching her big tits and juicy bubble butt bouncing up and down as she rides my erection and we get kinky, as I use the gift bows to tie her wrists together and keep pounding her muff until I cum! My naughty girlfriend loves when I cum on her pretty face and I do it for her, shoot my load all over her face. Another stream of milky liquid fills her open mouth, then another. My cock pumps stream after stream of hot Christmas cum between her lips until I am finally drained. My happy girlfridn licks me clean, kissing my soft penis. Santa knows we get very naughty when it’s Christmas time! 