After seeing how bad his daughter and stepson are doing on their report cards, this concerned father decides to take action, grounding them both. No more parties, no more dating and no more cell phone privileges for these two until they improve their grades. Bored out of her mind due to this punishment, his sexy blonde teen daughter goes over to her stepbro’s room in her skimpy top and cotton panties to play truth or dare with him, and he dares her to make out with him. Not being one to back up on a dare, she starts making out with him, then dares him to put his face on her boobs! The sexy teen lifts her top and exposes her tiny titties while he starts licking and sucking on her sensitive nipples! Looks like they found a way to stay entertained while they are grounded! He follows up by daring her to suck his cock and she indulges him, sucking and stroking his big throbbing member. His cock is so damn big she can hardly fit it halfway through her mouth as she tries to deep throat it. That’s alright, she’s pretty sure it will fit perfectly in her pussy, as she straddles herself on top and starts writing her very own stepbrother in cowgirl position. The girl has a great milky white ass and a such big meaty pussy! Her daddy comes knocking on the door while the teens are fucking and she keeps sucking his dick while the boy answers! Being so close to getting caught fucking by their dad really turns them on! As soon as the dad goes away the girl gets on her belly so he can fuck her from behind, pounding her cute little ass while she moans and grunts, burying her face between the pillows so her screams don’t get so loud as to attract her daddy’s attention. I adore skinny girls. She is fabulous and has a fabulous little ass! After banging his sexy step sister from behind, he flips her over like a flapjack and continues pounding her teen pussy in missionary position. His balls slap wetly against her ass each time his young hard cock pounds into her pussy. The girl begin to gasp, moan and squirm below him. Her step brother slams into her faster and faster, pushing deep into her belly on each thrust, making her cum. He fucks her in different positions until he’s ready to blow his load. She didn’t expect her stepbrother to cum so hard, draping her face and her titties with lots of hot and sticky cum that she cleans up with her fingers, licking and sucking on them. She knows she can survive her daddy’s punishment as long as she gets to continue sucking and fucking her stepbrother’s cock! 