I spent an incredible day with these two horny sluts after I met them on the beach! The babes were sizzling hot, spunky and wild, just the way I like them. As the girls took me back to their place on the convertible, the beautiful sluts flash their big tits at the cars passing by! Can you believe that? One of them was a sexy brunette girl, her friend a sassy Ebony goddess. I let my buddy take the wheel and I slipped into the back seat, where the dirty girls gave me head, sucking and stroking my rock hard cock as we sped down Miami highway! With the Ebony girl on the lookout for cops, the brunette pulled her thongs and straddled herself on my lap, pushing my hard dick deep inside her gushing cunt and making her juicy bubble butt bounce as she rode me in the backseat! These dirty sluts weren’t even waiting until we got home! The black slut ate my dick, tasting her friend’s pussy on it and I bet the guys in the cars passing by were so fucking jealous! We stopped for gas and the brunette pulled her panties down and masturbated by the gas pump with her ebony friend sucking on her nipples. I’m telling you these girls were wild! The best part came when the crazy bitch started squirting all over the place! There’s nothing these wild and cock crazy ladies won’t do. The girls kept sucking my dick on public, squirting from their pussies in the street and wanted me to fuck them brains out with their fantastic tits and asses on full display! We got back on the car and continued on our way, with the beautiful girl sucking and stroking my cock and massaging it between their big tits. We made a stop at a nearby truck stop I looked for a place where we could fuck in the open. The naked girls got on their knees and blew me and I bent the brunette over and fucked her tight cunt from behind while she ate her black friend out. That was absolutely amazing! Insane! I was so turned on, having sex with two sluts, outdoors, fucking their hairy pussies. I love girls with bald beavers but I loved the girls’ bushes also. Sexy as fuck! More women should have the bush. The bush shows that they are real women all grown up. We finally got back home and we were so fucking horny we just kept fucking all over my place! I pin the brunette to the floor, nailing her pussy with my cock and thrusting my fingers deep inside her tight asshole while her naughty Ebony bitch of a friend licked her pussy and her ass as well as my cock and my balls! I lie flat on my back, with the black girl sitting on my face and her friend sitting on my cock.   The brunette rode my dick in reverse cowgirl position while I used my tongue to fuck her friend’s delicious pink muff, watching their big tits bouncing up and down while the naked girls were on top of me. While I pounded her pussy, her friend massaged and stimulated her clit, bringing her to yet another squirting orgasm, gushing pussy juices all over us. After fucking both of them I blew my creamy load all over their faces and her big tits, so fucking hot! I pulled out of their cunts and splattered lots of hot and sticky cum all over them. With their mouths wide open the girls tried to catch as much cum as they could! I felt like a gallon of cum shot out of me. I have never felt so satisfied in my life. I’ve been with a lot of wild girls in my life, but these two were definitely the wildest!