My step daughter and I talk about everything, especially sex, and when she told me that she had never seen a big dick, I just felt the need to do something about it. She’s a beautiful, blue eyed blonde and she looked quite sexy in her white tank top and frilly pink skirt. All the talk about sex already had my cock hard, much more so when we started playing show and tell! She pulled her top up and gave me a good look at her delicious tits and I helped her take it off while grabbing those juicy lemons in my hands and squeezing them hard. I started sucking on her nipples and rubbing her cunt over her skirt, I could tell she was already getting soaking wet. Stripping her naked, I pulled down her cotton panties, slapping her meaty bubble butt while she giggled. I sat her on my lap, spreading her legs wide open and stimulating her clit with my fingertips, watching those pussy juices flowing down her slit. Her pussy slit was so tight, moist and hot. I continued kissing and licking her nipples, they were so hard. I nibbled and tugged on them as she moaned softly, totally aroused. She couldn’t wait to see my cock, the tiny naked girl dropped to her knees, pulled my pants down, and my throbbing erection sprang to life. My young step daughter was in awe as she grabbed it by the base of my cock and balls and took a deep look at it. “Do you like that? How does my cock feel in your little hands?” She wasn’t discouraged by its size and girth, she just pounced on it, popping it in her mouth and sucking it hard, trying to fit in all in. After struggling to deep throat my gargantuan cock, I sat my submissive naked step daughter on my lap, pushing it deep inside her little pussy, inch by inch because my cock is so fucking big and thick and her pussy so damn tight. I love watching her squirm, gasping for breath with every inch until I was all in, grabbing her juicy bubble butt and pumping her. I knew I had to fuck my stepdaughter very slowly at the beginning, giving her pussy time to stretch out and adjust to accommodate what would be the biggest cock she would ever have inside her. My dick was pressing into her g-spot and it felt like nothing before, so tight around my dick. As her teen pussy loosened up, I started fucking her harder and faster, pinning her under her knees and lifting the young naked girl up in mid air, power pounding her pussy. Her young, nubile body wanted nothing more than to be taken like this. Then I put her down on her hands and knees, pushing my hard cock back inside her gushing cunt, fucking my hot blonde stepdaughter doggie style from behind. Holding her steady I thrusted my big dick in and out of her juicy cunt, hard, deep and aggressively into her little fuck hole, each thrust almost made her cum. My balls were slapping against her “You are nothing but my little fuck toy!”   My teen step daughter might have been sweet and innocent, but by the time my dick pounded her pussy, she was a true nympho! Then I pinned her shoulders to the floor and fucked her hard in a pile driver position. I could tell this sexy teen liked it rough! I placed her over the couch’s arm rest and held her feet together while pumping her pussy with dick meat, hearing her loud moans and grunts until I was ready to cum, blasting hot and sticky cum all over my step daughter’s beautiful face! The young girl saw my member up close, throbbing, shooting cum and glistening with her fuck honey and my sperm. Her pretty face was glazed with a big facial cumshot.