This spunky blonde is the sexiest cheerleader of our college football team, and since I am the team’s Captain, I invited her over to my place so she could show me the latest routine she had prepared for our next game. Man, I got so fucking hard watching her wiggling her juicy little bubble butt and spreading her long legs. Seeing my throbbing bulge under my pants, she started flashing me her tits, pussy and ass! This girl was ready for a good fuck, man! It was time to score a touchdown in her pussy, but first I let her warm-up my cock, sucking and stroking it. The hot teen gave me an incredible blowjob by the shade, down on her hands and knees, wiggling her juicy bubble butt for me as she gobbled up my cock. The naked girl licked my balls, slapped my cock against her tongue, sucked it into her mouth like a slut! She got on her knees with her bubble ass in the air “Oh yes pound my little pussy!” Without wasting any time, I rammed my hard cock deep inside her pink cunt, pounding her doggie style from behind. I realized this had to be the smallest pussy I’ve had. I started thrusting away doggystyle as the blonde started moaning in intense pleasure. The naked girl moved to meet my cock as I tried to shove it deeper into her small vagina. She cried “fuck me harder, fuck me harder” and I began to slam my cock into her, grabbing her hard and pushing her against me with every thrust of my throbbing erection, making her gasp for air as she begged me to fuck her harder and harder. I sat down and the hot teen straddled herself on top of my lap, placing her feet over my knees and squatting down, pushing my hard cock inside that deliciously tight muff, pushing her body up and down, riding me in reverse cowgirl position. I could feel her pussy muscles squeezing my thick cock meat. The hot blonde stimulated her clit with her fingers while taking as much of my dick as possible, confessing that she had never ever had such a big, hard cock inside her wet muff, quite a compliment! With her pussy still attached to my cock, she flipped over on my lap, her juicy bubble shaped ass facing my way as she kept on riding my big cock, this time in reverse cowgirl position and looking over her shoulder. The naked girl used her hands to spread her ass cheeks wide open and let my cock squeeze in even deeper inside her cunt, her tender little asshole contracting with each and every thrust of my love tool. Her juices were spread over her ass and thighs. Her orgasm went on and on as I continued to slam my cock into her gushing teen cunt. Her screams and moans could be heard by our neighbors but I didn’t give a fuck! Grabbing her by the ass, I lifted the tiny naked girl up and she wrapped her legs around my waist so I could bang her hard while standing up. I grabbed her by the waist and pressed her hot naked body against my own and I could feel her tits against my chest and her baited breath, begging me to keep fucking her brains out and to make her my fuck whore!   The hot blonde slut pushed back onto me each time I thrusted, driving me even deeper. I put her on her back again, spread legged as I fucked her in missionary position, watching my glistening dick move in and out between her small pussy lips. They stretched out and then forced almost inside her as my cock ravished her pussy. Another orgasm took over her and her cunt began to squeeze my dick and I screamed as my cum shot out of my cock and deep inside of her vagina. I couldn’t stop pounding into her cunt, shooting load after load deep into her cunt. Her whole body trembled! I pulled out, leaving a creampie, cum was leaking from her used pussy. I put my dripping cock to her face. The teen slut eagerly sucked me into her mouth and cleaned me with her lips and tongue, savoring the taste of my cum and her own pussy juice.