It was Christmas morning and my stepdaughter and I were ready for breakfast and presents but her mommy was being a Grinch, as usual! Grouchy and drunk, she took her bottle of eggnog and left, but that was not going to ruin our Christmas spirit! All she wanted was more eggnog and sleep. This did not stop us from enjoying the holiday though. I couldn’t wait for my lovely step daughter to open up her gift, I know green is her favorite color and I bought her a very sexy green lingerie outfit. She liked it so much, she showered me with kisses and while her mom was passed out on the couch, we started making out under the Christmas tree! We got to really express our love for each other. I stripped her naked, admiring her beautiful body, nice tits and ass, and her hairy pussy. It’s so cool that young girls today love bushes! She got down on her knees and started sucking and stroking my big hard Christmas morning wood. Unlike her mom, who never ever wants to have sex, my stepdaughter is always eager to suck and fuck my cock! The sexy babe sucked my cock beside the glimmering tree and gagged on my tip so nicely. She cupped my balls with her hands while drooling all over my cock, thick ropes of saliva dripping down her chin as she gave me a wicked hot blowjob. We moved to the couch to get comfortable so my hot step daughter could ride her daddy like a one horse open sleigh! Both of us naked, I sat down on the couch right next to her drunken mom and she straddled herself on top, giving me a good view of her plump ass as she pushed my cock inside her pussy. My body shuddered as I felt her young tight pussy resting on top of my shaft. She gently lowered herself and started riding me in cowgirl position. She flipped over so she could ride me in reverse cowgirl, her tender titties bouncing up and down, her nipples so fucking hard and her meaty ass so plump and sexy slapping against my lap. I fucked her doggie style from behind and then in missionary position, until I was ready to cum, feeling my stepdaughter’s beautiful mouth when my own personal creamy Christmas eggnog! She loved the sneaky Christmas sex! 