When they first told me that I was working on Christmas day as Santa I was really bummed out because I thought my holidays were ruined, but I changed my mind when I got an order from a group of horny college girls! The dorm sluts were celebrating finishing their midterms with a holiday bash, these girls don’t just want to be kissed underneath the mistletoe, they want a big cock to suck and fuck together! The girls dragged me back to their dorm room, so they could show me personally just how naughty they had been all year long! No matter how bad they behaved, how much they partied and how much sex they had, as Santa, I believed these girls still deserved a gift for Christmas, the gift of Santa’s cock! While the first girl reclaimed her gift, grabbing my rock hard cock in her hands, sucking and stroking it, the rest of the girls got ready, stripping each other naked, having some hot lesbian foreplay fun, grabbing their big tits, slapping their tight bubble butts, massaging their dripping wet pussies and making out with each other. “Oh, Santa, I’ve been a very baaaaaad girl,” one of the girls, a sexy blonde, said with a sultry tone. She started sucking my cock like it was the tastiest thing she’d ever had in her mouth. One by one, the sexy college girls got naked and crawled into bed with Santa, taking turns sucking and stroking my cock, licking my balls and letting me touch their beautiful bodies. The group of horny naked girls hugged me and kissed me. The girls even made it snow with a snow making machine, to set the right tone in their dorm room. I had trouble deciding who I would bang first as they were all phenomenal. They straddled themselves on top of Santa’s lap and took a ride on his rock hard cock! The best sexy Holiday lap dance! While one of them rode me in cowgirl and reverse, the rest coupled up, making out and giving each other hot lap dances to turn each other on and me as well. I could feel their pussies clinch around my dick, their juices flowing around my shaft. I put these beautiful naked girls sideways, fucking them hard from behind, grabbing their big tits and feeling their hard nipples on my fingertips, grabbing her juicy bubble butts, squeezing them hard or spreading them wide open as I penetrated and fucked them doggy style from behind, down on all fours, like naughty reindeers! Holy shit, the naked girls were kissing each other with my hot throbbing cock right in the middle of it! Moreover, all girls were taking an amateur sex video with their phones. The joy of Christmas was spreading all over the dorm room as the college girls sucked and stroked my candy cane, sat on my face and let me take legs of their delicious clam pies until I shared my eggnog with them!   I just wanted to see these sluts covered in my spunk! I came all over their faces, delivering these college hotties the gift they’ve been waiting for. All naked girls were licking my cum from each others faces and swallowing. Getting hot pussy for Christmas was so much better than cookies and milk and I promised these naughty girls to visit them next Christmas if they promised to keep misbehaving and being very naughty! Merry Christmas and a happy new year, and a good jerking!