I recently got a new roommate, a smoking hot teen girl with silky hair and an incredible body and I just couldn’t resist the urge to spy on her while she was getting ready to take a bath. As she stripped naked, I could see her juicy bubble butt and pink pussy burger, making my cock throb so hard! She had small tits and her nipples were already hard as she touched herself. Bending over to test the temperature of the bathtub water, I got an even better view of her bare ass, admiring her tender little asshole and that gorgeous pink clam. That’s when I slipped, making her turn over and spot me. Man, I thought I was deep shit in trouble! Good thing that this teen girl was horny, or else she might have called the cops when she found me peeping on her! Instead, the hot teen babe invited me to join her, touching her clean shaven pussy as she grabbed my rock hard cock and begins sucking and stroking it with that delicious wet mouth. My cock is really thick and she choked and gagged on it while trying to deep throat it. I literally fucked her mouth with my fat dick! The hot young girl gave me a deep gagging blowjob, and then asked me to stuff her little pussy! She straddled herself on top, pushing it inside her tight cunt and riding me in cowgirl position while massaging her tits. Her naked body was wet, with drool slithering down, so hot! Her pussy juices oozed out of her stretched pussy lips around my hard cock, she was so wet! The naked girl couldn’t stop slamming herself all the way down eagerly, rubbing her flesh against mine and focusing on anything but the building orgasm. She rubbed her wet snatch while riding on my hard sausage, sucking some more on my thick rod and tasting her pussy on it. She rode my staff in reverse cowgirl, making that juicy bubble butt bounce on my lap. I grabbed her ass and began to pound her hot pussy from underneath , thrusting up hard into her body. I rammed my cock deep into her cunt and hold it there, grinding hard against her ass. She squirmed against me looking back with pure lust in her eyes, FUCK ME, FUCK ME HARDER! After sucking my dick again, I fucked her doggy style from behind against the bathtub. I couldn’t stop fucking her but finally I blow my hot and sticky cum all over her cute face and her titties! 