Our new nanny is simply fantastic and we are very happy with her. However, we had a bad experience with the previous one, and had several secret nanny cameras placed around the house, just in case. Curious, I decided to check out the footage and to my surprise, I found myself watching our beautiful blonde nanny masturbating herself on the living room couch during her work hours! After rubbing one out to her, I went over to her bedroom and let her know about that hot footage I had found. She begged me not to tell my wife about it, knowing she would fire her on the spot. To sweeten me up, the teen slut started rubbing and massaging my throbbing cock under my pants, pulling them down and giving me a wicked hot blowjob in her sexy lingerie! Wow, she swallowed my entire dick all the way down to my balls, choking and gagging as she struggled to keep it in her mouth, drool dripping down the side of her lips and chin. I must confess, I had not got a blowjob like that in a long time! The hot teen cupped my balls in her hand as she slobbered all over my shaft with a wicked smile on her slutty face. I could tell she was really enjoying this, and of course, so was I. The blowjob she was giving me seemed to go on forever, she took her time licking, sucking and kissing every inch of my cock and balls, drenching them with her saliva as she jerked me off. I put her on her back and spread her legs wide open, spitting into her wet slit as I ate her out. Man, my wife’s pussy tastes like fish, but hers tasted like heaven! I finger fucked her while licking her young cunt, finally pushing my rock hard cock deep inside her snatch and fucking her hard in missionary position. The sexy naked redhead girl grabbed my hands and put them over her tits, making me squeezed them hard while she held one of her legs up so my cock could go really deep inside her muff. Then she raised and pressed them together, making her pussy even tighter for my cock. It felt so good! I put the filthy slut down on her hands and knees, penetrating and fucking her doggie style from behind as she pushed her juicy bubble butt back up against my cock, begging me to keep fucking her hard and treat her like a whore. I took her meaty butt cheeks with my hands spread them wide open while pounding her. Then she made me lie down on her bed, climbing on top of my cock and impaling herself on it, riding me in reverse cowgirl position. Then the teenage girl still needed to be punished for masturbating while working, so I made sure to blow my creamy load inside her pussy, leaving her with a sticky creampie! 