This guy is happy to be hooking up with a hot cougar, but he’s going to be even happier when he meets her hot teenage daughter! He’s just out of the shower, sporting a huge erection while he shaves, as she sneaks inside the bathroom and checks him out. She’s wearing her sexy schoolgirl outfit, reaching under her checkered skirt so she can play with herself. Her young pussy is already dripping wet after seeing his massive cock, hat a turn on! When the bathroom door slams shut, he turns over and realizes she’s there, he’s naked and he has a huge boner! The horny teen gets close to him, reaching over and grabbing that big beefy cock in her hands, feeling it throbbing so hard. He pulls her white blouse wide open, bursting it’s buttons and exposing her delicious tits, her nipples already hard. He grabs them, squeezing them while she jerks his cock and drops to her knees, popping it inside her wet mouth and giving him one hell of a blowjob! The teen slut deep throats his really huge cock, swallowing it all the way down to his balls, drenching it with her drool and spreading it all over his shaft with her hands, using it as lube. The facefucking is amazing in this video. She makes sure to suck and lick his big balls as well and he turns her over, burying his face between her meaty butt cheeks, eating out her gushing cunt and rimming his girlfriend’s hot teenage daughter. He’s eating out her tight teen pussy when her mom knocks on the bathroom door, looking for him! The little slut says she doesn’t know where her stap dad is and they was left alone once more, so he can fuck this little pussy hard with his giant cock. Love the bush! She’s hot, but hair down there makes you even hotter. The horny schoolgirl sits over the bathroom counter and spreads her legs wide open as he pushes his rock hard cock deep inside her pink pussy burger and starts pounding her hard. She looks so sexy in her schoolgirl outfit, blouse wide open, skirt hiked up, white nylon thigh high, the works! He makes the girl stand and lean against the wall so he can fuck her from behind and she pushes her bubble butt back up against his big dick. Then he gets on the floor and she hops on top, impaling her snatch on his pecker and riding her mom’s new boyfriend in the bathroom floor. He makes her stand again and keeps fucking her with one leg up in the air until he’s ready to blow his load, spraying hot cum all over her slutty face, her big tits and all over her slutty schoolgirl outfit! Too bad Evelin forgot to lock the door, because her mom comes a-knocking at the wrong moment… Good sneaky sex scene and the girl is beautiful!  