This guy is spending Christmas with his girlfriend’s family. The dude wakes up early to put his gift under the christmas tree. In the darkness of the living room he sees a nice tight ass. Thinking it belongs to his sexy girlfriend, he decided to have a little sneaky sex with her in her parent’s house. He pulls her thongs aside and shoves his hard dick into the cunt. Her pussy feels so good! He’s going to cum in her cunt and the mom doesn’t mind, but his actual girlfriend wakes up too! The mysterious woman turns out to be his girlfriend’s new stepmom! He tries to hide his embarrassment when his actual girlfriend walks in the room. The MILF goes to wake her dad up and he hides his hard dick into a box. It’s Christmas morning and time to open up the gifts! He’s holding the gift on his lap, just waiting for the right time for her to open it up. When her hot brunette stepmom leaves the room, his girlfriend opens her gift, finding his big throbbing erection inside the box. The teen slut immediately puts her cock-sucking lips to good use! Exactly what she asked Santa to bring her this holiday season! Without wasting any time, in her Christmas sweater and pajama pants, she gets on her knees and starts sucking and stroking that big Christmas morning wood. The teens are interrupted when her stepmom and daddy come back with their gifts. Her daddy sits across them and watches as his wife, bitten by curiosity, takes a peek at her stepdaughter’s boyfriend’s gift, pleasantly surprised by what she sees! Her stepdaughter is in shock when the MILF asks her if she can try it, taking it in her hands, sucking and stroking it hard! Good thing her daddy fell asleep on the couch! The mom seduces them into a Christmas threesome they’re not about to forget! Since Christmas is all about sharing, both naughty girls strip naked and give this lucky fucker a double Christmas blowjob and handjob combo! Her stepmom climbs on top of his lap, pushing that big fat cock inside her gushing cunt and making her big tits bounce up and down as she rides him in reverse cowgirl position. This hot woman knows how to ride a hard dick! I love the way she’s sliding up and down, slamming herself down and playing with his balls. He watches his girlfriend sucking on her stepmom’s perky nipples, hottest shit he’s ever seen on a Christmas morning! He takes his naked girlfriend, spreads her legs wide open and massages her wet cunt with his fingers while pushing his cock inside her and fucking her hard, with her horny stepmom caressing and kissing her. Watching two naked girls, moreover mom and daughter making out makes him so fucking hard.   He puts his girlfriend down on her hands and knees, with her stepmom on top of her so he can fuck them both doggie style from behind, going from one pussy to the next one, looking over her shoulder to make sure his future father-in-law doesn’t wake up. Poor old man would get a heart attack if he saw his beloved daughter having a threesome with her boyfriend and his wife! The young naked girl masturbates herself while watching her boyfriend fucking her stepmom, and she thought he was going to have a dull time spending Christmas with her family! What girl does not like a ‘gift’ all over her face? lol! I hope everyone got what they wanted this Holiday Season! That’s a fantastic threesome with two hot naked women. Merry Christmas!