My sexy redhead stepsis just turned 18 right around the holidays and I figured out that the best Christmas gift for her was my big dick! After all, she always said she had this perverted fantasy of getting her cherry popped by a big dick. my tiny step sister got down on her knees, pulling down on my pants and watching in awe as my huge cock sprung into full erection, throbbing hard just inches away from her face. She could barely believe her eyes! She took it in her soft hands and began sucking and stroking it. My stepsis started with the tip, slowly fitting more and more of my cock meat in her mouth, what a voracious little slut! I grabbed her by the back of her head, pushing her face against my crotch so she could gag on my boner. But would she be able to take it balls deep in her cunt? My step sister stripped naked and got down on the couch on her hands and knees, jutting up her juicy bubble butt as I slowly inserted my cock into her gushing cunt, popping her cherry and stretching out her tender pink pussy lips as I penetrated her inch by inch, making her squirm as she took my cock inside her. At the beginning, I could hardly fit half my cock inside her, but I knew that as I fucked her, she would get more excited and lubricated and her pussy would stretch out little by little to accommodate my monster cock. Either that, or I would break my stepsister’s pussy in half, LOL! I slapped her ass to help her pussy muscles relax and as predicted, pretty soon I was pounding that ex-virgin pussy and she was taking it all the way in! It was an exciting thing to watch. My dick was coated with her cunt juice. I kept pounding her pussy roughly as I spanked her ass. Her pussy was so tight , I could orgasm instantly. I could literally feel her pussy squeezing my cock. Her naked body began to convulse, my step sister was having an orgasm, her very first orgasm! I sat down on the couch and I let her straddle herself on top. She guided my cock between her legs until it slipped into her sloppy pussy. The young naked girl pushed her nubile body up and down as she rode me in reverse cowgirl position. My sister had a large labia I couldn’t stop looking at them. Big, meaty, red pussy lips! I gave her an insane pussy pounding in that position and I could tell that she was really enjoying it. After a while, she finally flipped over, riding me in cowgirl position while I grab that juicy bubble butt in my hands and held on to it tight. I put her on her back, spreading her legs wide open and pushing my huge cock back inside her, this time fucking in missionary position.   Then I put my tiny step sister sideways on the couch, penetrating and fucking her from behind, pressing her hot naked body against my own. I grabbed her by her neck, fondling her nice titties and feeling her hard nipples between my fingertips. She squeezed her pussy muscles and I could feel them tightening up against my hard shaft, milking me. Grabbing her under her thighs, I fucked her in standing position, suspended midair and with her back against me until I was ready to cum all over my sexy stepsister’s slutty face and mouth! Her hand were squeezing my ball bag, trying to milk as much as she could out of me.