My girlfriend has gone on a business trip and I took advantage of this unique situation to meet up with two smoking hot sluts, a blonde and a brunette, and have a good time in her absence! I was having a blast, getting my big hard cocks sucked and stroked by the naked sluts both at the same time. Nothing could ruin my experience, or at least, that’s what I thought, until I heard the door open up and recognize my girlfriend’s voice! Looks like she came back from her business trip earlier than anticipated and decided to surprise me, but she was the surprised one when she walked in on her naked boyfriend getting his cock sucked by two naked girls! I knew I was dead, or at least, that’s what I thought. To my total and utter surprise, my girlfriend wasn’t upset, she was actually intrigued and as it turns out having a couple of sluts over was also one of her fantasies! She stripped naked and sat on my face, her pussy was gushing as I ate her out and she watched me getting serviced by the two whores! I had never seen her so fucking wet and tuned on before! She grinded her muff against my face as the girls ate my cock and licked my balls and then she joined them. Man, I was getting a triple blowjob from my girlfriend and two hookers! My girl told me she wanted to see me fucking them so I put the brunette down on all fours and started fucking her pussy doggie style from behind while her blonde friend spread her legs wide open so she could eat her out while my girlfriend took it all in. She got behind the blonde, grabbing her big tits and squeezing them hard, feeling her puffy nipples with her fingertips and shouting out directions. I know my girl likes to be in charge at work, even more so in the bedroom and having a couple of sluts to direct was obviously her wet dream! I grabbed her head with both hands, told her to open up wide and pushed my cock down her throat, making her choke and gag as I fucked her mouth. The girls grabbed the blonde and spread her legs wide open, placing her on top of my lap, impaling her on my hard cock and making her ride it in reverse cowgirl position. My girlfriend spread her legs wide open as the blonde got down on her hands and knees, with the brunette on top of her, both of them eating my girlfriend out while I took turns fucking them doggy style from behind. Then I made three naked girls all twerk, down on all fours and side by side as I fucked them doggy style from behind, blowing my creamy load all over my girl and having the two sexy sluts lick her clean! 