This dude’s favorite time of year is Christmas, because there is not one office holiday party in which he doesn’t get laid! Right now, the petite blonde from Human Resources is flirting with him, which makes the tall brunette from Advertising quite jealous. She puts on a mistletoe headband and gets between them, giving the petite blonde a hot kiss on the lips. He joins in and the girls start making out while the rest of her coworkers watch them! He bets his pals are so fucking jealous, these are two of the hottest girls in the office, if not THE hottest! The party gets while when the girls get down on their knees, pulling down his pants, releasing his big throbbing member. The sluts are in awe at how big, thick and hard it is! The biggest dick in the office indeed! The petite blonde is the first to pop it in her wet mouth and starts sucking it, stroking the big shaft and passing it over to her sexy friend so she can get a taste of it too. After all, isn’t Christmas about sharing? He takes turns fucking their mouths, pushing his huge cock down their throats and making the girls choke and gag on it, while the onlookers move away so they can have some privacy for their office holiday party threesome fuck! He lies flat on his back, with the naked brunette sitting on his face so he can eat her out while the naughty blonde straddles herself on top of his hard cock and rides him in cowgirl position. She is so hot! I love tiny and skinny girls! After a while the naked girls change positions, now the blonde is getting her cunt fucked with his tongue while the brunette rides on his hard cock in reverse cowgirl, grinding her juicy bubble butt on his lap. She leans back so the sexy blonde can fondle her big tits while kissing her neck and shoulders. They make out passionately as he puts the brunette down on her hands and knees, with the blonde on top of her and starts taking turns fucking their wet pussies doggie style from behind. He puts the naked girls sideways, fucking the brunette while she makes out with her hot blonde friend, finally blowing his hot and creamy cum all over their faces. It’s a vision of a hot holiday threesome to dance in your head, especially when the girls pass a big load of cum back and forth! Their holiday party threesome will be the water cooler topic for weeks! 