I love Christmas morning with my sexy girlfriend, because it means Christmas morning sex, which is kind of the best sex you can have! To set the tone, I gave her a very special Christmas gift, a brand-new purple cock shaped dildo for her to play with! As soon as she unwraps her gift, she can’t wait to try it, stripping naked and spreading her legs wide open on the couch, pounding her dripping wet pussy with it. It gets me so turned on watching her fucking her pussy with her new toy, thrusting it in and out of her cunt faster and harder the more turned on she gets. After making herself cum with her new toy, she slips into some sexy white lace lingerie and after a hot make out session with jump into bed, where she grabs on tight to my big throbbing erection, sucking and stroking it like a bitch in heat. Grabbing my balls with her hands, she slurps my cock and drenches it with her drool. While jerking me off, she pops my balls in her wet mouth, sucking them hard. I love all those sexy noises she makes while she’s sucking my cock, letting me know that she’s really into it. She straddles herself on top of my lap, pushing my hard cock inside her gushing cunt and riding me in cowgirl position. My girlfriend looks so hot with this small tuft of pubic hair just above her pussy. We make out passionately while we fuck and I grab her hot naked body, pressing it tightly against my own, I can feel her baited breathing and her heart beating so fast against my chest. She pushes her juicy bubble butt up and down as I grab her by her ass, hips, waist and back, pounding her faster and harder.  Her cunt clinches my hard dick as she begins to cum. I feel her juices ooze around her pussy lips and down my shaft and she rides my cock, slamming herself down onto my dick harder and harder. She bounces faster and faster as her orgasm reaches its peak – a squirting orgasm!!! I’ve read about squirting and female ejaculation but I can’t belibe there is so much cum, she can’t stop squirting. She flips over, her butt facing my way, riding me in reverse cowgirl position. She loves this position because it stimulates her so much that it’s only a matter of time before she starts cumming and squirting all over the bed sheets again! I know that after her first orgasm the next ones will come faster and harder! I put her down on her hands and knees, slowly pushing my cock back inside her cunt and fucking her doggie style from behind while she moans and grunts with pleasure. My horny babe grabs on tight to the bed sheets, burying her face between the pillows as I pound her really hard and deep. I flip her over, spreading her legs wide open so I can fuck her in missionary position. While the rest of the neighbors are opening up their gifts in Christmas morning my beautiful girlfriend and I are fucking like crazy in the bedroom. I think they would probably be jealous if they knew! I keep making her cum, squirting all over the bed sheets until I finally blow my creamy load all over her face. Of course I got new bedsheets for Christmas, LOL! 