As usual, my sexy stepsister and I were fighting over the TV when my stepsis decided to have a little fun with me! She was straddled over my lap and since we were wrestling for the remote control, her skirt hiked up and I noticed she wasn’t wearing any panties underneath! The sight of her pink, shaved pussy burger made my cock twitch and throb under my pants, and of course she felt it, I could tell by the naughty smile on her face! I could feel her sweet pussy sliding against my achingly hard shaft. My mom was in the I adjacent room, but that didn’t stop my dirty step sister from unzipping my pants and taking my big hard cock in her soft hands as she started sucking my dick! Man, I could feel her meaty lips wrapped around my shaft and her slick tongue massaging my member and licking the tip, tasting the pre-cum dripping from it. My mom could caught us any moment but she couldn’t stop sucking and stroking my dick. As I pulled down my pants, she lifted her top, softly caressing those delicious tits and showing me how hard her nipples were. She took my balls in her hands as she continued giving me head. While my mom talked with me from across the other room, my stepsister continued jerking my cock and sucking it some more. Saliva dripped from her mouth and all over my dick and balls. The horny slut straddled herself on top, reached down and guided my cock into her pussy. I felt my hot throbbing cock melt into warm wetness. I could tell she wanted me to fuck her hard. She started riding me in cowgirl position, while I continued talking with my mom! Having her bouncing on my cock was so fucking hot, especially when my mom being so close, we could get caught any moment! My cock slipped in and out of her wet cunt. My sister was meeting my thrusts, our hips moving rapidly in sexual ecstasy. I was pushing up each time she came down, forcing my cock into her as deeply as possible. Still attached to my meat sword, my hot sister flipped over on me, riding me in reverse cowgirl position with her tits and ass fully exposed. She grinded her hips, pushing down on my rod, taking it all in. I thought I was going to explode. Once in a while my mom talked to me from across the room and I looked over my shoulder to make sure she didn’t come and catch us fucking! I put my horny stepsisters sideways and penetrated and fucked her from behind, pushing my big fat cock as deep inside her gushing cunt as possible. I put my hands around her neck, pounding her harder and faster, deeper and rougher, just the way the little slut likes it! I kept her legs spread wide open as I plowed her, pressing my hands all over her hot naked body, feeling her big tits and meaty ass in my hands, her pussy muscles tight against my cock, pushing and keeping it inside her.   Fucking my sister was something I could never have imagined and it was so damn sexy I had to fight not to cum right in her pussy. The longer we fucked, the more chances of getting caught by our mom, so I sped up, pounding her hard and fast, putting her down on her hands and knees, pulling on her hair as I fucked her doggie style from behind and blew my creamy load all over her, just in time my mom walked in some minutes later! Close call! My horny slutty sister even didn’t have time to wipe that jizz off her cute face.