I woke up feeling very horny and wanted to fuck, but my girlfriend was in a hurry to leave for her class, so since I was all alone in the house I called up my side piece Vienna, a gorgeous brunette babe who showed up wearing a sexy red lace lingerie two piece. She’s so fucking hot! After squeezing her big tits and rubbing her dripping wet pussy I was ready to fuck her, when I heard the door downstairs. Fucking shit, my girlfriend was back home! Turns out she was horny too, and feeling bad for leaving me high and dry, she ditched classes and came back home to surprise me. Quite a surprise indeed! She pulled her beautiful pierced tits over her pink tank top and whipped my hard cock from under my pants. My cock was throbbing. If she only knew I was so hard because of the naked girl hiding in the closet! As my girlfriend started sucking and stroking my dick, Vienna came out of the closet, touching her tits while watching us! I had no idea what to do! A part of me was enjoying the blowjob while the other focused on keeping Vienna hidden from my girlfriend! Unfortunately, Vienna looked like she really wanted to join in, no matter what! Noticing how weird I was acting, my girlfriend looked over her shoulder and saw what was going on. I really thought I was in big trouble when my girlfriend caught me with another girl, but as it turns out, my girlfriend found her so fucking hot and sexy, she decided to take her to bed and have some fun with her while I watched! Hey, that’s fair! After fooling around a bit the naked girls invited me to join them, grabbing my hard cock and giving me an amazing double blowjob! I couldn’t believe I was getting my cock sucked and stroked by both my beautiful girlfriend and my beautiful lover! I was indeed the luckiest man in the fucking world! While my girlfriend sucked my cock, Vienna took care of my balls, licking and sucking them hard. She sucked on my girlfriend’s puffy nipples as she straddled herself on top of my hard cock and rode me. Man, I hadn’t seen my girlfriend so fucking turned on in a very long time! My cock was slipping between the girlfriend’s slick pussy lips. Them my babe stoped, pulled my dick out of her cunt and gave it my mistress. There was no embarrassment. The slut wanted fucking and wanted it bad. “I want some of that cock inside me!” Looking into my girlfreind’s eyes, she straddled me and I could feel my thick cock slid into a sopping pussy. She slammed herself down forcefully, driving my cock deep into her horny body. The naked girls got side by side, licking my cock in perfect synchronicity! It was Vienna’s turn to ride, sitting on my cock and pushing her juicy bubble butt up and down while my girlfriend fondled it! “I’m cumming all over your dick… Fuck my pussy… harder… ” she screamed, “Yes, FUCK her harder!” my gf yelled.   The idea that my girlfriend was watching me fucking another girl and making her orgasm excited me beyond anything I had ever experienced. She rode me in reverse too, with Vienna sliding her fingers up and down the crack of her ass and toying with her asshole! Their hands were everywhere, their pussies tightened around me and I had to clench my teeth trying not to cum. I couldn’t fail at this. I had to satisfy both girls! Two naked girls got their pussies fucked in all possible positions through an incredible threesome that only ended when I had given them a massive facial cumshot to share! There was so much cum and girls did their best to swallow it all. I came all over them both and watch the naked girls lick my spunk off each other! If I would have known my girlfriend was into threesomes, I would have invited Vienna to join us a long time ago! Well, we can still make up for lost time!