Since his sexy blonde girlfriend is afraid of dentists, this guy has taken her for a check-up at his best buddy’s dentist office, where he knows she’ll be in the best of hands! As soon as the sexy slut sits on the dentist chair and spreads her legs, it’s obvious she’s not wearing any panties underneath her skirt, giving them full view of her delicious pink pussy burger. He places a mask over her eyes, so she won’t see and this will make her feel more at ease during the check up and leaves them alone while getting some stuff from another room. Since they are all alone for several minutes, they start getting frisky. Her boyfriend spreads her legs and starts rubbing her wet snatch while they make out, digging his fingers inside her cunt and finger banging her. The sexy babe pulls her top over her tits and when his friend comes back, the guys switch places without her knowing! The half naked babe grabs the dentist’s big juicy dick believing it to be her boyfriend’s and starts sucking and stroking it like crazy. The guys take turns fucking her mouth, pushing their hard cocks down her throat while fondling her big tits. Then they spread her legs wide open and begin banging her, stuffing her sweet snatch with their big fat cocks in missionary position. While she’s getting her pussy fucked so good by her boyfriend, she sucks the other hard cock and halfway through she realizes there should be just one cock inside her, dumb slut! She removes the blindfold and realizes she’s been duped by her boyfriend and his best friend, but it’s all right, not that she knows how sexy and hot a visit to the dentist office can be, she wants them to continue double teaming her pussy and giving her vagina dentata a much needed cleanup! The hot babe rides the dentist’s big fat cock while sucking and stroking her boyfriend’s. Totally naked, she squats on the floor, giving them double blowjobs and handjobs. Her boyfriend fucks her pussy while she plays with his best friend’s huge cock. The guys give her the spit roasting that she’s been waiting for as they drill her mouth and dripping wet pussy simultaneously! They put her down on her hands and knees so they can fuck her doggie style from behind and in missionary, finishing off with a delicious mouth wash of hot and creamy cum taken directly from their cocks! Yes I would give her a teeth whitener and a load of cum in that nice pussy. 