While my sexy roommate was taking a shower I sneaked into the bathroom and took her clothes. I made her chase me around the house totally naked trying to get them back. I mean, I’m used to prank eating all my roommates, but this sexy babe took me off guard, I wasn’t expecting her to actually pull down on my pants and grabbed my cock and make me fuck her! I guess she out-pranked me! Of course my cock was already throbbing hard from seeing her naked, she has a smoking hot body, great tits and a juicy bubble butt. Who wouldn’t get hard with a roommate like that? She took my cock in her hands and started sucking and stroking it, licking my balls and drenching it with her warm saliva. She gave me the most incredible deep throat ever, man, I even thought she was going to swallow my balls! She straddled herself on top of my lap, pushing my cock inside her gushing cunt and riding me in cowgirl position. I felt her cunt wrapped around my shaft and I looked down as her cunt slowly slide up and down my length. Her pussy was clean shaven except her lush bush above her pussy. My sexy naked roommate kept forcing herself down onto my shaft, raising up and forcing herself down onto my rock hard cock, moaning nonstop. Still attached to my cock, she flipped over, making that juicy round bubble butt bounce up and down on my lap as she took my shaft all the way in like a slut. Watching her pushing her ass back up against my cock made me want to blow my load right there on the spot, but she wasn’t done with me yet. She took me to the couch, got down on her hands and knees and told me to fuck her doggie style from behind. She looked so fucking hot in that position, backing her butt back up against my cock. A perfectly round, teenage bubble butt! I pumped my cock deeper and deeper until I was slapping my hips against her juicy ass cheeks. I reached around, pressing my fingers on her trembling clit, as I banged her from behind. I grabbed her waist with both hands and held her tight as I pound my dick in and out of her cunt harder and harder. Her buttocks were rippling with each impact Slap! Slap! Slap! That was a wonderful fuck! I kept fucking her until a hot, white, stream of sticky cum sprayed into her mouth and landed across her face and she swallowed it like mad. 