Walking in the Park I met this sexy brunette teen nympho who was ready to flash her tits and let me fuck her for some cash! This sort of encounter of the closest type doesn’t happen every day, so I took advantage of the situation. Right there in the middle of the Park she pulled up her pink sweater, letting her delicious titties dangle over her bra. Man, they looked so cute, tender and hot. They weren’t big, but they were firm and she had beautiful perky nipples. She pulled down her denim shorts, flashing me her juicy bubble butt in a sexy thong. Man, my dick was getting hard as a rock! I took her to a quiet place, where she dropped to her knees, pulling my dick out of my shorts. It seemed she had never seen such big dick. She opened her mouth and started to lick the tip, teasing my throbbing dick. I was about to grab her head and force the little teen slut to take it deep in her throat! Finally she swallowed the head in her little mouth, tongue working in circles around it, taking my hard cock in her soft hands and giving me head, sucking and stroking my big hard cock. The best thing about this slut was that the more cash I offered her, the more shit she was willing to do. She pulled down her thong, letting me take a look at her naked ass and her juicy pussy from behind. Cash truly is a girls best friend. Teen hottie got down on her hands and knees and I admired her juicy bubble butt while I rammed my hard cock deep inside her gushing cunt, pounding her hard doggie style from behind. I was grabbing her meaty ass and checking out her puckered little asshole while plowing her hard from behind. She was looking at me with lust. I still couldn’t believe I was fucking a teenage slut that I had met a few minutes ago. The teenage nympho stood over me so her wet pussy was in front of my face. She was rubbing her slit with her fingers, ready to ride my big dick. She took my throbbing cock and put the head between her pussy lips, teasing her clit with it. She lowered herself and I saw as my dick disappeared in her cunt. She was riding me in cowgirl position, slamming herseld down, moaning and rubbing her clit. By now she was practically naked, flipping over and riding me in reverse, making that big bubble butt bounce up and down my lap until I was ready to blow my creamy load, splattering her face and tits with lots of hot and sticky cum! The girl opened her mouth and I could see jet after jet of my hot sperm shooting into her mouth.  