This New Year’s Eve party really got out of hand! These moms were so drunk, so these horny dads took the opportunity and swapped and fucked their slutty daughters when the clock struck midnight! It all started pretty innocently though, the girls’ dates had ditched them and the dads’ moms were drunk so nobody had nobody to kiss and welcome the new year, so each dad kissed each other’s daughter’s, and that one kiss turned into a full-blown make out session between the horny dads and their swapped daughters. The girls started unbuckling the dads’ pants, grabbing their big throbbing erection, stroking and sucking them right next to their sleeping moms. The naughty dads couldn’t believe they were welcoming the New Year with their sexy swapped daughters giving them head. The girls had always talked during their sleepovers about how hot and sexy their respective fathers were, masturbating while imagining what it would be like getting fucked by them. Now the hot teens are making their fantasies cum true, sitting on their swapped daddy’ laps and feeling their big fat cocks slipping into their wet muffs and filling them up as they bounce up and down on them in reverse cowgirl position. The young naked girls rub their wet muffs while straddled on top of them big dicks, looking at their drunken moms and wondering what would happen if they woke up from their drunken slumber and saw their beautiful daughters getting fucked by their husbands. They hold hands as their dads put them over the couch and bang them so hard from behind. These hot girls love doing everything together, from buying clothes to partying and from masturbating to getting fucked by each other’s fathers, this is definitely what being best friends forever is all about! The dads put their naked girls face to face while banging their wet pussies from behind, listening to their soft moans and whimpers of pleasure as they get filled up with their dick meat in a hardcore foursome fuck they will be talking about for a long time. Totally consumed by lust and passion, the naughty girls start making out passionately while getting fucked by their swapped fathers, who bang them some more spread legged in missionary position until they are ready to blow their creamy loads all over their faces and watch them swap their cum too! The only thing better than popping off a bottle of champagne after new years is popping a fat nut off onto your daughters best friends face! Happy New Year Swappers! 