My girlfriend may not be a star athlete, but she sure knows how to suck and ride my cock and that’s enough for me! I put up a hockey rig in the garage so we could both play, and yeah, she pretty much sucks at it, but she looks so fucking hot wearing my oversized hockey jersey with nothing but her cotton panties underneath. My tiny girlfriend has the most beautiful cute little ass. She likes to tease me with her ass, pulling her panties to one side, exposing her swollen pussy. We start playing for points, and for every point I when she has to do something for me, like flashing me her titties and taking off her panties. All sports should be played this way! Hiking the Jersey over her juicy bubble butt, she wiggles and twerks it for me while I fondle and caress it. Damn, her butt cheeks are so fucking soft. She’s making my cock hard and she knows it. That’s something she is definitely a Pro at. She gets down on her knees so she can take care of my throbbing erection, pulling down my pants and taking it in her small hands, sucking and stroking it like a dirty slut. I hold her head with both hands while she’s deep throating my cucumber, choking and gagging on it while cupping my balls in her hands. She’s drooling all over my dick and spreading it all over it and my balls with her hands. I make her stand and bend over behind the net, pushing my big hard cock deep inside her wet muff from the other side and banging her hard. She can’t help but press her cute little ass back against me as my hard dick slides deeper into her wet slit. “Ohhhh…” my hot girlfriend sighs as she feels my cock inside her tight vagina. She gets down on her hands and knees so I can fuck her doggie style from behind, pushing her juicy bubble butt back up against my cock, arching her back up and down, wiggling, grinding, swerving and twerking her cute butt. She grabs her butt cheeks with her hands and spreads them wide open so I can penetrate her even deeper. There is nothing more beautiful than a young naked girl on her kness with the ass spread wide open. I love how turned on my girlfriend gets when I’m fucking her from behind, it’s unreal! She plays with her titties, stimulating her nipples with her fingertips as I put her sideways on the garage floor, penetrating and fucking her from behind. Then I lie flat on my back he takes off the Jersey and straddles herself on top of my lap totally naked, grabbing my big cock in her hands, placing the head against her cunt and pushing it deep inside her gushing cunt so she can ride me in cowgirl position. I have a perfect view of my cock entering my girlfriend’s pussy. She is such an amazing little slut with an absolutely awesome looking pussy! She rises up slowly, then lowers herself onto my dick and I can see my shaft glistening with her juices.   She begins to ride me, sinking down on his cock with more force each time, making her sexy body bounce up and down. I’m forcing my massive cock into her puffy pussy over and over. Her big meaty pussy lips turn me on so much! My petite girlfriend gets off my cock in between my legs, taking it in her hands so she can suck and stroke it, tasting her pussy on it and looking into my eyes. I know she can’t wait for me to come. She gets back on top, this time with her sexy little ass facing my way as she rides me in reverse cowgirl position. She rides me until I’m past the point of no return, blowing my creamy load all over her sexy face and naked body. The ultimate goal? A nice cumshot all over her pretty face! She wiped the sticky cum off her face, and sucked that into her mouth as well.