It’s Christmas morning and that means opening up the Christmas gifts under the Christmas tree and lucky for me, it was not a problem finding the perfect Christmas presents for my horny girlfriend. When she opened her gift and saw a shiny new sex toys, the look on her face was priceless and she didn’t wait a second to start playing with it, using it to stimulate her dripping wet pussy while I watched and my cock got very, very hard. The next gift was in a bigger package, a huge Crystal cock shaped dildo. She stripped naked for me, showing me her small tits and juicy bubble butt as she spread her legs wide open and masturbated in front of me, pounding her wet cunt with the big Crystal dildo. I love watching my girlfriend play with her pussy for me. She got down on her hands and knees, wiggling her naked ass with the dildo still stuck in her snatch. I left her alone with her toys and came back fully naked and with my cock fully erect and throbbing hard and she started licking and sucking my balls like a voracious slut, latching on like a leech. I love it when she gets so fucking turned on! On her knees, I fed her my cock and she sucked it hard. Holding her head, I pushed it down her throat, making her choke and gag on my erection. I love the way she caresses my balls when gives me a blowjob. I love fucking her mouth and watching those thick ropes of saliva dripping down the sides of her lips and all over my cock and balls, lubing me up before I fuck her very hard. I spread her legs wide open and penetrated her, fucking her tight cunt in missionary position. My horny girlfriend screamed with pleasure, straddling herself on top of my lap, riding on my hard cock in reverse cowgirl position. Nothing sexier than being inside a girl who is rubbing herself and your balls. She squatted over my cock, I grabbed her by her hips, helping push her naked body up and down my long shaft. The more turned on she got, the faster, deeper and harder she rode on my cock. I put her down on her hands and knees, penetrating and fucking her doggie style from behind while I pulled back on her sexy hair and made her my slut, feeling all that hot cum boiling in my balls! I slid in and out of her for several minutes before we came simultaneously. My hot cum exploded inside her hot vagina as she shivered and tightened her pussy around my cock squeezing every last bit of cum out of dick.  