My hot blonde girlfriend and her sexy brunette friend were out enjoying the beautiful sunshine and washing my car and just watching the girls in them skimpy denim shorts and wet tank tops got me hard, so I whipped out my cock, showing it to them and offering them a threesome, you know, spur of the moment! Her friend totally didn’t expect this, but she felt curious and intrigued, so it took her inside, where my sexy girlfriend helped her take off her clothes and stripped naked too. Man, these two sexy girls looked so fucking hot! My girl has the prettiest bubble butt ever and her friend is not far behind! The girls pressed their hot naked bodies together while making out and my girl started sucking on her friend’s nipples, drawing circles around them with her slick tongue, leaving a trail of what saliva glistening on her small perky titties while rubbing her cunt. The naked girls both got down on their knees and started giving me head, her friend sucking my cock while my girl licked my balls. My girlfriend whispered in my ear how bad she wanted to watch me fucking her friend, so I spread her legs wide open over the hood of my car, ramming my hard cock deep inside her gushing cunt and fucking her in missionary position while my girlfriend continued stimulating her nipples with her slick tongue. At the beginning, her friend thought we were just joking about the threesome, but she was sure glad we weren’t. She rubbed her wet muff while I banged her hard and turned her over, making her stand and lean over the hood so I could fuck her from behind. My girlfriend leaned over too, so I could take turns fucking the teens both from behind while watching them making out, trading sloppy kisses and entwining their tongues together in passionate lesbian action. Her horny friend spread my girlfriend’s ass cheeks wide open so she could watch me penetrating her tight cunt even deeper against the hood of the car. Just in case the neighbors might be around, we moved to the garage, where I sat down and let my girlfriend squats on top of my cock and push it back inside her, making her delicious bubble shaped ass bounce up and down on my lap while riding me in reverse cowgirl with her friend watching us fucking, totally turned on by this new experience! She held my girl’s hair as she sucked some more on my hard cock, readying it for her friend, lubing it up with saliva so it could slide smoothly in her cunt as I fucked her hard. Two naked girls had perfectly sculpted buns, I didn’t want to stop fucking them. But their two tight pussies were too much for me and I blew my creamy load all over their beautiful faces and watched them licking it off each other. Now the girls wash my car every chance they get so we can have a hot threesome fuck after they are done! My car has never been cleaner! 