In hindsight, it was a really bad idea to drag her husband to the office holiday party filled with horny sluts! It didn’t take long for this sexy brunette slut in a slinky outfit to start hitting on him, reaching between his legs to grab his big throbbing bulge. She took him by the hand to an empty bedroom, throwing herself on top and placing his hands on her big tits, so he could see for himself just how much bigger and younger than his wife’s they were. He tugged on her erect nipples and even slapped her tits motor boating her melons, sucking hard on those puffy nipples while squeezing her boobs. She took her boobs in her hands, slapping his face with them. Tit slapping…YES!! The slut dominated him, smacking her big tits in his face! Her tits are amazing, big and natural! This babe is absolutely gorgeous and sexy, she has the body of a goddess. He dove between her legs, inserting his tongue into her wet slit and eating her out while stimulating her asshole with one of his fingers. When she told him she was a squirter, he rubbed her wet cunt to orgasm, making her gush pussy juices all over the bed sheets. They got into a 69, with him on top, eating her out while she pushed his fat cock in her wet mouth and down her throat, choking and gagging on his delicious erection. Then the hot naked babe spread her legs wide open while he rammed his cock deep inside her tight cunt and started fucking her in missionary position, watching those big tits bouncing about. She’s pulling on her own hair, SO HOT! I love hair on her pussy! I am glad it’s making a comeback. I wish all the girls would let the hair grow out on their pussy. A hairy pussy is the hottest thing out there! Please girls let that hair grow out on your pussy! The dude was driving his hard dick in and out of her cunt. She was close to another squirting orgasm. I do love the squirting action! The horny husband pulled the sexy slut towards him every time he thrust forward, burying his hard dick deep inside her squirting cunt forcefully and rocking the bed with each powerful thrust. He turned her over, lying on her belly and with her face buried between the sheets while he got on top of her, fucking her hard from behind. He even grabbed the bed sheets, wrapping them around her body to restrain her, turning her into a sexy burrito while pounding her dripping wet snatch with his hefty sausage. Then the naked babe straddled herself on top of his cock, pushing it inside her, riding him in cowgirl position while he squeezed her tits, making her cum, squirting even more pussy juices all over his naked body! The more she squirted, the more turned on she got in the faster and harder her next climax came, making her gush even more squirt juices, like a fucking fountain or a garden hose! After fucking her from sideways behind with her playing with her tits, he blew a creamy load of hot cum in her mouth! His wife entered the room just in time to see her husband cumming in the slut’s mouth! best christmas present! Don’t miss this perfect cumshot sequence. 