This dude threw a huge New Year’s Eve party at his place and the next morning, this sexy brunette Latina babe shows up to clean up the mess his friends and him left. He still feeling a little bit frisky from the party, so while the sexy babe is washing the dishes he sneaks up behind her, hiking up her skirt, pulling her cotton panties aside, spreading her lovely and tender butt cheeks wide open and sinking his tongue into her wet slit! She’s not quite sure how to react, but she likes how that felt, so she starts wiggling her juicy bubble butt while he pulls down her panties, further spreading her butt cheeks to expose her tender little asshole and her pink snatch fully in bloom, like an exotic Latina pink flower! The girl moans softly while feeling his tongue wriggling inside her wet pussy and his fingers massaging her muff. She keeps wiggling her butt to let him know how much she likes this. He plays with her juicy bubble butt and continues eating her out, sliding his tongue all the way up the crack of her ass until he reaches her delicious asshole, tossing the Latina’s salad. The sexy babe wants to play too, so she drops to her knees, grabbing his massive erection in her hands, sucking and stroking it real hard. She loves how it gets even bigger and harder inside her wet mouth as she gives him head. She sucks his cock really slow, licking the tip with her silky tongue and feeling that delicious precum dripping from it. The girl is really beautiful and hot as hell. After giving him a delicious blowjob the cleaning lady continues cleaning his place. He can’t help but get a taste of her teen pussy. He gets on his kness between her legs, hiking up her skirt and rubbing her ass crack with his dick. The cleaning lady behaves as if nothing happens when she feels his dick penetrates into her vagina from behind. The horny cleaning lady shows him just how good she is at multitasking by sucking and fucking him while she continues cleaning his place! His cock feels so good. It’s hot, hard and thick. It seems like she can almost feel the veins throbbing with excitement. He grabs her ass and her shoulder and begins pounding into her hard and fast, forcing his dick inside of her. Her pink pussy looks absolutely amazing! The babe massages her gushing cunt while he fucks her doggie style from behind with his big meat pole. He grabs her waist with both hands and holds her tight as he drives his erection deep into her body from behind and from above. This girl has a perfect ass! He sits down and the naked girl straddles herself on top, her delicious Latina ass facing his way, bouncing up and down his lap as she rides his big hard cock in reverse cowgirl position.   The beautiful naked girl lies on her back and spreads her legs wide open, clawing at her pussy and her thighs while she feels that big hard cock pounding her muff so fucking hard, what a way to greet the New Year! He fingers her wet cunt with his fingers while fucking her, massaging her breasts, placing her legs over his shoulders so he can penetrate her even deeper and fuck her even harder. His talent to please a woman and get her body to orgasm is unbelievable! Waves of orgasm are shooting through her bare body like electricity. The sexy babe stands and leans over the kitchen counter so he can bang her from behind, pushing her naked body against it. She likes it when he slaps her tight ass while banging her at the same time; it makes her feel like such a slut. She had to work last night too, so she didn’t get the party, but now she’s having one hell of a party with this delicious cock and she can’t wait for it to blow his creamy load all over her face and her open mouth! A huge cumshot all over her cute face! Happy New Year!! I have a feeling 2018 will be a great year for this hottie.