All I wanted to do was brush my teeth, but I ended up doing so much more than that when my beautiful blonde stepdaughter came into the bathroom which is in her bedroom wearing a sexy lingerie nightie. Seeing the young teen dressed like that and looking so hot and beautiful just gave me the most powerful erection ever on a couldn’t resist pulling my pants down and giving her a look at it. I could tell by her reaction that she loved it, she dropped to her knees and took my hot throbbing cock in her soft hands. I couldn’t wait her to wrap her sweet lips around my dick. My sexy step daughter opened her mouth and I fed my cock to her. She grabbed my dick and started sucking and stroking it so hard. I loved it when she spit all over the tip of my cock, spreading her saliva with her hands all over my shaft and my balls, making sure she lube them up real well. She deep throated my cock, pushing it down her throat as best she could, until it made her choke and gag, releasing even more saliva all over my member. The blonde looked into my eyes while giving me head, as if seeking my approval or just making sure that I was having a good time getting my dick sucked by my very own stepdaughter. I lied flat on my back so I could enjoy the blowjob my step daughter was giving me even more. I guess I should have given her the heads-up before blowing my load inside her mouth. It kinda caught her by surprise, but she really seemed to enjoy it. I could feel her tongue lapping my cum up. She had a real mouthful. She looked so sexy when my cum dripping down her lips. Strings of white cum were hanging from her chin and her pink nightie. I was feeling horny next morning, dreaming about my naked step daughter all night so I sneaked into her bedroom where she was sleeping totally naked. I spread her beautiful ass cheeks watching her thong which was tucked deep in her ass crack. I laid by her side rubbing my hard cock against her juicy bubble butt. She was feeling horny too, because she didn’t say anything when I push my hard cock deep inside her tight cunt and started fucking her. She just moaned and grunted, grabbing her butt cheeks with her hands and spreading them wide open so her step daddy’s big fat cock could penetrate her even deeper. She was moving her perfect ass around in small circles feeling my hard cock deep inside her and looking at me with lust in her eyes. She spread her legs so I could reach her clit. I lied flat on my back and my naked step daughter straddled herself on top, showing me that beautiful inverted triangle of pubic hair over her pussy as she pushed my hard cock deep inside her wet cunt and began riding me in cowgirl position.   The teen slut kept looking into my eyes, silently telling me how much she wanted me, pushing herself onto me and squeezing her vagina muscles around my hard cock. FUCK IT… FUCK ME… FUCK MY LITTLE PUSSY! FUCK ME NICE AND HARD… MMM… Her tiny clit was hard and sensitive and she pushed it against me as her whole body started to tremble. I wanted to see her ass, so still attached to my cock, the naked babe flipped over, making it bounce up and down on my lap while riding me in reverse cowgirl. Man, my stepdaughter was so much better in bed than her mom, I was having the time of my life banging her and I could tell she was enjoying it too! She told me my cock felt so good inside her as I put her down on her hands and knees, spanking her butt while fucking her doggie style from behind, finally blowing my creamy load all over my slutty stepdaughter!