Elsa and Kali are two hot blonde stepsisters, and the girls are always competing with each other in everything, including when it comes to who’s sluttier, which works out perfectly for me, since I’m dating both of them and I get to bang them in the hottest threesomes ever! Why date one slutty blonde sister when you can date both, right? I sit down and the couch between the girls and we all start making out, with the naughty step sisters dropping to their knees while unbuckling my jeans and pulling them down, grabbing my full throbbing erection in her soft hands and fighting over it to see who gets to suck and stroke at first, delivering a heavenly double blowjob. Jesus Christ! Can you imagine having two beautiful faces sucking your cock at the same time? Sort of a “dream team” moment, if you ask me! I can feel their soft lips and slick tongues all over my shaft and my balls, licking, kissing, sucking and nibbling, what a rush! Of course, as much as the sisters love to compete, these girls do their best when they work together as a team, like right now, as they drool all over my cock and my balls! They start stripping naked for me, showing off their sexy bodies, their perky titties and juicy bubble butts, teasing me with their dripping wet slits. Kali is the hottest woman and her sister Elsa is a smokin hot beauty too. The girls spank their tight butt cheeks and give me dirty looks, making out with each other while they play with her titties and their pink nipples. While Elas latches on to my hard cock and continues sucking it hard, her stepsister Kali sits on my face, planting her delicious muff and ass on my mouth so I can tongue fuck her and taste her delicious pussy juices as they gush from her wet slit. She spreads her beautiful ass cheeks with both hands so I could see her asshole in front of my nose. I lap her wet slit hungrily, tasting her wonderful juices as they flow freely in my open mouth. “Ohhhhhh!” She moaned, cumming in my mouth. While I eat her out, her horny sister is pushing my stiff dick deep inside her tight clam and riding me in cowgirl position. She has one of the prettiest pussy on this Planet! The way she moves her body when she fucks is amazing, grinding her hips and ass against my crotch. The tightness of her young pussy is unbelievable. She squeezes my hard dick tightly with each penetration as her beautiful, young naked body moves up and down my raging cock. She pulls my big cock out of her cunt and begins to suck it hungrily. Then the naked girls switch positions, and Elsa rides on my tongue, getting her cunt eaten out by me while her slutty stepsister seizes control of my hard cock, riding it in reverse cowgirl position and showing me that tasty bubble shaped derriere bouncing up and down on my lap while she massages her pussy and her clit.   I watch as she rocks her beautiful, young body back and forth on my cock, bringing herself to an orgasm. I put Kali down on her hands and knees, and while her stepsister gets underneath her and eats her out, I penetrate and fuck her doggy style from behind. Elsa gets turned on playing with her sister’s pussy and massaging my balls while watching my hard cock thrusting in and out of her sister’s wet fuck hole. She continues to thrust her ass hard against my cock. I place Kali on her back, spreading her legs wide open, fucking her gorgeous pussy in missionary position with Elsa straddling herself on top of her face so she can get tongue fucked by her sexy stepsister. This pink little hairless slit drives me crazy! It doesn’t take long for me to blow my creamy load all over their faces and open mouths. The naked girls can’t get enough of my hot cum. They are swallowing it and licking it of each other’s faces. I watch them swapping it back and forth! What sexy little cum sluts!