I couldn’t believe I was going to be working on New Year’s Eve as a bartender for this private party and I was pretty bummed out. Well, at least I expected to get a big tip but instead I got two sluts! That’s right, two drop dead gorgeous blonde bombshell’s in sexy, skimpy night dresses, provocatively dancing together, rubbing their bodies against each other as I tried my best to conceal the huge hard on they were giving me as I served them champagne. When the girls twerked, shaking and grinding their juicy bubble butts I could notice the blonde bombshells were wearing nothing underneath their dresses, those delicious mouth watering pink pussy burger’s were just begging to be gobbled up and satisfied by a big hard cock! My cock! The girls had their hands all over each other and called me over to refill their champagne glasses. When I circled around them, they spread their legs wide open, giving me a full frontal shot of their delicious pink clams with dirty smiles on their beautiful faces! When I whipped out my rock hard cock and showed it to them, we got this party started! These sexy blonde girls wanted to welcome the New Year with a bang! The sluts sucked and stroked my beefy cock together while the rest of the girls at the party watched, totally amazed and blown away! I bet they couldn’t believe what was happening right in front of their eyes! Honestly, I couldn’t believe it either! The girls gave each other compliments about how hot and sexy they looked with my cock in their mouths, and I spread one of blonde’s legs and started eating her out while her girlfriend feasted on her puffy nipples, sucking them hard and groping her nice tits. I watched them eating each other out while they continued sucking and stroking my hard cock as I undressed for them. Watching these two naughty girls sucking, licking and kissing my shaft at the same time was simply glorious. I knew the rest of the girls sitting across the room were totally jealous with what they were seeing! Now it was time to fuck, and the girls laid me down on the table, with one of them sitting on my face so I could eat her out, while her naked friend straddle herself on top of my lap, pushing my rock hard cock deep inside her gushing cunt and riding me in cowgirl position, making that juicy bubble butt bounce up and down on my hard shaft. She flipped over to reverse cowgirl so her naughty friend could admire her round ass impaled on my cock while my tongue fucked her pink clam. I put the naked girls in missionary position and spread their legs wide open, fucking them hard. Looked like these sluts came to the right place to have their party-girl pussies eaten out and fucked. Five… four… three… two… one… a cum firework all over their faces! I was cumming while the other girls filmed me with their smart phones as I blew my load all over these two beautiful ladies! The nightclub New Year’s Eve threesome that ended with both girls getting cum facials! 