I decided to welcome the New Year by giving myself a treat, so I hired the hottest and most expensive stripper who gave me a truly unforgettable experience in the New Year’s Eve! She had big tits, a drop dead gorgeous body, a juicy bubble shaped butt, a meaty clam and long legs, wearing sexy fuck me heels and white fishnets while she stripped and danced just for me under these those lights. While the sexy slut was down on her hands and knees, I ripped her fishnets at the crotch, exposing that delicious ass and pink pussy burger, rubbing her slit and ass crack while inserting my fingers up her asshole and pussy at the same time, making her moan, grunt and squirm with pleasure. I kissed her back while fucking her asshole with two fingers at the same time, just feeling that tight anal sphincter stretching out while stimulating it digitally. I made sure to apply lots and lots of lube to her ass, pushing my hard cock deep inside her gaping butt hole, anal fucking her doggie style from behind. Blonde hair, big tits and a dick in the ass. She was such a fuckin sexy anal babe!!! Man, I could feel that tight asshole wrapping so tight around my cock, milking it. The horny stripper took it out of her ass and slapped it against her face while sucking and stroking it, tasting her own asshole on the tip of my cock, mixed up with my precum and her saliva. I put the bodacious bombshell sideways, spreading her legs wide open and ramming my cock backup her asshole, anal fucking her hard while she viciously rubbed and finger fucked her pussy, begging me to make her my anal whore and fuck her very hard and very deep. She got off my dick again, drooling all over the tip and spreading it all over my shaft and balls with her hands and mouth, lubing me for another round of hardcore anal. HARDER… FUCK ME HARD… FUCK MY ASS HARD! This time she straddled herself on top, impaling her tight asshole on my cock in reverse cowgirl position, driving her juicy bubble butt up and down my shaft while massaging her cunt. That cowgirl was unreal with her feet up. The naked strip dancer flipped over, pushing her big tits against my face and my chest and kept slamming her ass onto my dick. I SAID FUCK THE LIVING SHIT OUT OF ME… I WANT YOU TO FUCK MY BRAINS OUT… Her ass looked so good cowgirl anal. I destroyed and stretched her asshole until I was ready to blow my load all over her! Believe me, there’s no better way to start off the New Year than by having your cock stuck inside a hot bitch’s asshole and good cumshot to a gorgeous face! 