After breaking up with my girlfriend a few months ago and being single, I was pretty sure I was going to spend the new year all alone, but I guess the new year had different plans for me, as I hooked up with a beautiful teen slut I met on a New Year’s Eve party! She was wearing this sexy golden sequined dress and we were making out like crazy, touching and stimulating each other like horny lovers in the balcony. I told her to give me a second and while waiting for me, she stripped totally naked! She was a young, sexy skinny girl with an amazing body, small firm tits, a delicious bubble butt, perfect midriff and long legs. Basically, she was hot as fuck! She was absolutely gorgeous and proof again that slim girls are very sexy. Tired of waiting, she went inside and found me in my bedroom, where I was preparing the bed for us. But I didn’t even have to seduce her and persuade her to have sex with me. This skinny naked slut was ready to party, she wanted to receive the New Year with a bang and my big throbbing member was so ready to bang her brains out! Wearing nothing but her high heels, the beautiful naked girl crawled on my bed, lying on her back and spreading her legs wide open so I could eat her out. I began to lick slowly from her sensitive asshole up to the top of her wet slit. I sucked her swollen lips into my mouth, sliding my tongue in between the petals of her pussy, fondling her clit and the entrance to her vagina. I slid my hands under her cute little ass, squeezing her soft cheeks as I ate her cunt, tasting the delicious juices flowing from her wet slit. The naked girl started moving her pussy all over my face coating me with her juices. The inner walls of her wet pussy were pulsating as she felt my tongue on her clitoris. I lapped her slit hungrily, tasting her wonderful juices. She moaned and grunted as I tongue fucked her pink clam, grabbing her by her meaty ass and raising it up. I took my dam time eating her out, exploring every nook and cranny of her pink cunt with my tongue and watching her squirming with pleasure. She wanted to reciprocate, taking my hard cock in her soft hands, sucking and stroking it. The teenage girl started slow and gentle and pretty soon I was burying her face in my crotch, pushing my huge cock down her throat, making her choke and gag as she deep throated me, begging me to fuck her mouth. She drenched my cock and my balls with her saliva, giving me dirty looks as she passed her tongue all over my balls and my dick, man, it felt so fucking good! She really fucked my dick with her mouth! The young naked girl straddled herself on top, sitting on my lap and pushing my giant cock inside her gushing cunt. Her young cunt was so tight but she wanted to feel my whole cock deep in her body. She held me tight, pressing herself hard against me, grinding into me as we kissed. Then the sexy babe began twerking her ass with my cock in her cunt, she was twerking and slamming her cunt onto me, moaning and kissing me. I began fucking her cunt thrusting upwards, she was trying to meet all my thrusts.   I pressed my cock into her as deep as I could, grabbing her meaty ass with my hands while this bitch rode in the New Year on my hard cock in cowgirl position. I flipped the teen slut over into reverse cowgirl, pinning her body against mine as I put her on the full sex nelson, a submissive power fuck position that drives teen girls mad and makes them cum like crazy as I pound their pussies nonstop! The young teen got down on her hands and knees, pushing her tight ass back up against my cock and grinding it up and down while looking over her shoulder with a dirty look on her beautiful face. I started pounding her doggie style from behind and she grabbed on tight to the bed sheets. I kept destroying her little cunt, stretching out her hole with my huge cock until I blew my load all over her cute face and in her mouth! My cum in her mouth seemed to drove her crazy, she was jerking my throbbing cock with both hands, not letting me stop cumming! There was so much cum! I thought I would never stop cumming and the crazy slut would never stop swallowing it.