I couldn’t believe that they had finally arrived and I was going to get married to my beautiful blonde girlfriend. As I practiced my wedding vows in the bedroom, I got a surprise visit from my girlfriend’s friend. The sexy brunette was wearing a hot blue dress, showing off her long legs. Man, she’s so fucking hot! Since she knew that I never got a bachelor party and that after marrying her friend I would never have sex with any other woman, so she decided to give me the best wedding gift! After closing the door with lock and signaling me to stay quiet she crawled on top of the bed, hiking up her dress, showing me she was wearing absolutely nothing underneath! The view of her delicious bubble shaped ass and pink pussy burger gave me an instant boner! I reached out and fingered her slit, the slut was gushing! She was amazed when she got down on her knees and so how big and hard my cock was! The horny slut grabbed it with both hands, sucking and stroking it with such pleasure, as if she were eating her favorite pasta dish, just slurping away and getting her lips and hands dirty with my cock sauce! After giving me the most wicked blowjob ever, she got back on the bed, down on her hands and knees, hiked up her dress, her pussy was in full view and she started fingering herself. I rammed my hard cock deep inside her dripping wet pussy and started banging her doggie style from behind, squeezing her juicy buttocks with both hands. Right in the middle of a fucking, we heard a knock on the door. It was my soon to be wife! She needed some help with her wedding dress and her friend helped her, while I continued fucking her pussy from behind the door! Shameless, I know! After she left, I stripped her friend totally naked, tossed her in the bed, spread her legs wide open and gave her a hard-core pussy pounding in missionary position! She had her shoulders pinned to the bed and her legs spread wide open as I fucked her in a pile driver position and she rubbed her cunt. Then she got back on all fours, ready for more doggie style fucking until I blew my creamy load all over that delicious bubble shaped ass and she let me get back to my vows! 