It’s the holiday seasons and this sexy slut wanted to spend the holidays all along with her gorgeous boyfriend, but her new stepmom, a drop dead gorgeous MILF whore, had other plans, dropping in uninvited on Christmas Eve. All hell breaks loose the next morning, on Christmas Day, as the girls are unwrapping their gifts under the Christmas tree. Her boyfriend got her a cute black dress and she’s thrilled with it until she realizes what he got for her stepmom, a sensual red lace lingerie outfit! Upset, the teen girl leaves, and her slutty stepmom seizes the opportunity to strip naked in front of her daughter’s boyfriend, slipping into that sexy lingerie outfit he got her. Her hot naked body and big tits provoke him an outrageous erection he can hardly conceal from his girl’s stepmom. She has a very special Christmas treat for him, grabbing his big hard cock, sucking and stroking it. When his girlfriend decides to rejoin them, she finds him getting head from her stepmom! The MILF strips her naked too and puts the sexy black dress on her and she realizes it’s quite sexy too, and seeing her boyfriend masturbating while watching them turns her on so she joins them for a hot threesome fuck! Now two sexy girls suck and stroke that big juicy cock together, licking and slurping his big balls. The sexy naked woman straddles herself on the boyfriend’s lap and pushes his huge cock deep inside her gushing cunt in reverse cowgirl position while her step daughter licks her snatch and sucks on his cock while they are fucking. The stepmom stands right next to the fireplace and masturbates while her stepdaughter leans against her, bending over so her boyfriend can fuck her very hard from behind. Having his cock in her pussy after it’s been inside her stepmom’s is a turn on. He lies on the floor, with both naked girls kissing and making out as his stepmom sits on his face so he can eat her out and his girlfriend sits on his lap, riding his cock in cowgirl position. His horny girlfriend rides him so hard and fast that she begins to squirt! She’s squirting all over him, awesome! Her mom has never had a squirting orgasm and she wants cum like that too. The girls switch positions and he finger fucks his girlfriend while her mom takes another ride on his delicious cock. Finally, her cunt begins to squirt! Squirt after squirt, are shotting out from her hot cunt! He keeps pounding her wet cunt and she keeps cumming all over him and even in her step daughter’s open mouth, who tries to lick her juices form her boyfriend! He pounds both babes and when he can’t restrain himself any longer, he blows his creamy load all over their faces and his girlfriend’s stepmom’s big tits and watches her stepdaughter licking them clean! 