Lately, my stepdaughter has been having nightmares every single night. She wakes up in the middle of the night, crawls into our bedroom and ends up sleeping in bed with us. When I wake up, I find her sleeping right next to me in a tiny top and tight leggings and just looking at that juicy bubble butt give me a huge erection. When the sexy teen turns over she realizes how hard I am. She gives me a naughty smile as she pulls her leggings down, exposing her hot naked ass and pink pussy burger. Her slit is already glistening with her pussy juices. My hald naked step daughter is in my bed next to me, my hard cock touches nothing but the smooth skin of her perfect ass. Looking over my shoulder to make sure that her mom is still sleeping. I snuggle deeper into her and my arms wrap around her naked body and my dick nestles itself between her juicy ass cheeks. I push my hard cock inside her wet cunt and start banging my stepdaughter from behind right next to her sleeping mom! I signal her to stay quiet and placed my hand over her mouth to muffle her moans and grunts while I’m fucking her. The last thing we want is for her mom to wake up and see her husband fucking her daughter. I pull her tank top over her nice, firm tits so I can squeeze and fondle them, feeling her fully erect nipples under my fingertips as I stimulate them. I kissed her softly while I’m banging her and she presses her hot naked body against my own. The hot teenage girl grabs my hard cock in her soft hands and starts sucking it, slurping it with her tongue while jerking me off. She tries her best to deep throat my dick, but it’s so big and thick, she can hardly make it half way through before starting to choke and gag on it. It’s alright, her mom can’t take it all in either. I lie flat on my back and I let her straddle herself on top of me, sitting on my lap with her juicy bubble butt facing my way and pushing my hard cock back inside her gushing cunt, riding me in reverse cowgirl position. It feels so good. The sneaky sex turns us on! My cock is pounding in long hard strokes deep into her young pussy. I hold her on their her thighs and spread them wide open so I can plow her pussy from underneath, while she looks over and watches her naked mom sleeping while she’s getting fucked so hard by her man. My hands are all over her hot naked body as I put her on her back, spreading her legs wide open and pushing my cock back inside her, this time fucking her in missionary position, her mom’s favorite. Fucking right next to her is a big turn on for both of us, my cock is so hard and her pussy is so wet and we are fucking like crazy. I put my naked step daughter down on her hands and knees, penetrating and fucking her doggie style from behind. The horny girl lifts her ass high in the air. Her smooth soft ass directly in front of me. My balls are slapping against her juicy ass cheeks with each full thrust. I keep pounding her young cunt and finally blow my creamy load inside her mouth and all over her face and body. After cleaning herself up she goes back to her bedroom. No more nightmares, just wet dreams.   The mothers and daughters at FamilyStrokes are hot, sexy, and horny and down to fuck! Same thing goes for brothers and fathers, because here, it all stays in the family, hardcore sex included! Young teens are seduced, masturbated and fucked by their step brothers, step fathers and even their hot lesbian step moms! Sneak a peek inside the intimate sex lives of these naughty families! Don’t miss all hot hardcore sneaky sex scenes. If you enjoy busting a nut to intense family porn action starring hot sisters, sexy mature moms, horny brothers and pervy dads, this family porn site is just for you!