This sexy blonde has been detained at the airport and taken to the customs office by this beautiful blonde officer. She makes her empty the contents of her purse and then makes her stand and placed her hands over the table so she can conduct a thorough full body cavity search. She puts on her latex gloves and makes the girl spread her legs wide open while bending over the table. First she feels her hands all over her legs, crawling up her thighs and finally feels her fingers skillfully stretching out her meaty pink pussy lips and exploring every nook and cranny of her cunt. The young girl wishes she could feel uncomfortable by the procedure, but quite the contrary, she can feel her pussy dripping wet as the officer’s fingers arouse her uncontrollably. Placing her hands around her neck, whispering softly in her ear, the strict officer orders her to strip naked and she obeys without a second of hesitation. She takes off her clothes in front of the officer she can feel her eyes burning through her skin. She can’t hide how erect her nipples are, how blushed her face is and how wet her pussy got. When she feels the officer’s hands reaching from behind her, groping, fondling and caressing her bare tits, her pierced nipples and her soft naked skin, she squirms and moans softly, pushing her juicy bubble butt back up against the officer’s body, a gentle and subtle innuendo to let her know how turned on she is right now. She can feel the sexy blonde spreading her butt cheeks wide open, her fingers penetrating and finger banging her dripping wet pussy and all she can do is keep her ass spread with her hands while moaning and begging the officer to turn her into her personal slut! The officer strips down to her sexy lingerie and sits on her face, making her eat her out, lap her cunt juices, lick her anus, and the sexy teen does so with pleasure and abandon. She spreads her legs wide open so she can eat her out too and soon the girls find themselves totally naked and facing each other, sitting on top of the customs officer’s desk and tribbing together, rubbing their pussies one against the other. Their pussy juices are mixing together as they rub clit on clit. The naked lesbians make out until they both reach an amazing orgasm and the beautiful officer lets her continue on her way! 