I love picking up random chicks and convincing them of sucking my Dick in the public Park for some cash. The real challenge for me is getting them to do it no matter the arguments. Like this sexy blonde slut, she said she had a boyfriend, but that didn’t mean she didn’t want to make some cash sucking my cock in a public Park. She was wearing a sexy white tank top and skimpy denim shorts with black fishnet stockings underneath and those cool yellow tinted sunglasses gave her a sexy attitude. Yeah, she played hard to get, until I named the right price and she flashed me her tits. They were small and firm and for a little extra cash I got her to pull down her shorts and show me that juicy bubble butt in her fishnets. Hundred bucks got her down on her knees, sucking and stroking my big throbbing erection in the middle of the park. That’s how you do it, baby! Money talks and sluts drop to their knees and suck! I took her to a quiet place where we could fuck, pulling down on her denim shorts and ripping her fishnet stockings at the crotch. The little slut instinctively spread her ass cheeks with both hands to just let me stare at her pretty little asshole and her cunt, exposing the crack of her ass, her puckered little asshole and that delicious, dripping wet pink pussy burger. With her tank top pulled over her tits, the hot teen babe got back on her knees, sucking and stroking my cock to get it big and hard for her snatch. She gave me dirty looks while jerking my rod and sucking on my balls, polishing them up with her silky tongue. Now it was time to fuck! Standing, she leaned over, pushing her juicy bubble butt back up against my hard cock, stuffing her gushing cunt with it and getting fucked from behind. These horny teens have no problem tearing up their stockings so some random guy can fuck their tight pussies. I lied down on the floor and she straddled herself on top, squatting over my cock and lowered her wet cunt on top of my cock. I simply smiled with pure pleasure as my hard cock slid into her hot cunt. “Is this what you want baby?” she began riding me in cowgirl position, slamming her cunt down onto my dick. I grabbed her by her bra, watching those tiny titties bouncing up and down like crazy while she begged me to keep fucking her harder and faster and make her my slut! I wonder what her boyfriend would think about his sexy girlfriend getting her face blasted with my sticky cum and licking it off my cock! 