This guy has a room up for rent and this sexy blonde young lady comes knocking on his door in search for a place to stay. She really loves the place and she can’t wait to move in, there’s only one small problem, the rent is too high for her. There’s not much she can do for her as she bargains with him, but when the hot teen slut reaches out and grabs his big throbbing bulge between his legs, he asks himself if he can really turn away this young lady with no place to go? The sexy blonde teen starts taking off her clothes right in front of him, placing his hands over her soft breasts and perky nipples. This babe has amazing pair of teen boobies. He starts sucking on these young big tits and they feel so hard and firm as he squeezes her tits and she strokes his big hard cock with her soft hands. It looks like they have reached an agreement! She drops to her knees and pops his cock inside her wet mouth, feeling it getting bigger and harder as she gives him a blowjob. He sits on the living room couch and the sexy slut straddles herself on top, sitting on his lap and pushing his big fat cock deep inside her gushing cunt, making her hot naked body bounce up and down while riding him in cowgirl position. He puts her on her back, spreading her legs wide open and thrusting his dick deep inside her snatch, banging his new roommate in missionary position. He pounds his cock hard deep inside her beautiful pink pussy, pushing her over the edge into a massive trembling orgasm. She has one leg trembling orgasm after another. The naked blonde gets on her feet and bends over, she wants to feel that big fat cock fucking her very hard from behind in standing position. He’s fucking her so good, she can’t help squirting as she comes, blasting pussy juices all over the place! Great squirting! pretty girl! The more the giel squirts, the more turned on she gets and the faster and harder that each successive squirting orgasm comes! He pins her shoulders to the floor and fucks her in a pile driver position until he blows his creamy load all over his new sexy blond roommate! He won’t get as much money as he expected from renting out the room to this hot blonde, but hey, he’s going to get much more sex than he expected from her and that makes it the perfect deal! 