This sexy blonde babe in a sensual red baby doll knows that her husband is late for work but she doesn’t want to let him go, at least not before he leaves her satisfied for the whole day. She’s not giving him his car keys back until she gets her what she wants. She wants his hard cock deep in her cunt, taste it, suck it, lick it, she wants to be fucked and used, and be his personal fuck toy, she wants a huge cumshot all over her pretty face right in the morning! The young sexy woman aims to seduce her husband and her lust has no limits or boundaries. He grabs her and bends her over the bathroom counter, pulling her baby doll over her juicy bubble butt while he unzips his pants and rams his huge cock deep inside her already dripping wet pussy, fucking her hard from behind against the counter. The hot babe really enjoys the feeling of his hard cock throbbing inside her vagina and she already imagines a big load of semen being squirted against her cervix, but her husband is late for work! Now that she’s distracted, he snatches the keys from her hands, slapping her naked ass and running down the stairs, with her giving chase. There’s no way he’s leaving without fucking her! She jumps on top of him, holding on to his legs as he tries to make it to the door, undoing his pants and grabbing hold of his still rock hard erection. When she starts sucking and stroking it, he decides he can stay a little bit after all. Down on her hands and knees like a dirty little slut, she deep throats his big fat sausage. This babe gets kinky when she sucks his cock through the staircase bars, with him using his necktie to rein her in, pushing her face against his crotch so she can suck and choke on his thick cock while swallowing it whole. She spits all over his dick, spreading it along his shaft while jerking his cock and he makes her bend over, pushing her juicy bubble butt back up against it, stuffing her tight cunt with his dick meat and banging her hard from behind. He slaps her juicy bubble butt and puts her down on her hands and knees so he can fuck her doggie style, making her his bitch. He begins slamming her as hard as he can. “Oh fuck yeah!” his sexy wife screams as he fucks the shit out of her. He is pulling his hard cock all the way out of her wet cunt before thrusting deep inside her again. She flips over and spreads her legs wide open while lying back on the stairs so she can get fucked by her husband’s cock in missionary position. They have a big ass house but they always seem to end up fucking in the stairs, as she straddles herself on top of his lap, pushing his cock back inside her cunt and riding him in cowgirl position, making her big tits and juicy bubble butt bounce up and down.   Her husband’s big dick turns this babe on so much as she gets back on her back, raising her legs and getting her pussy pounded some more. He lies on his back and the naked babe squats over his face, sitting on it so she can feel his tongue wriggling inside her pink cunt, eating her sensitive slit out. “Ohhhhhh!” she moans, cumming in his mouth. He pulls his sexy wife to him, kissing her pussy, licking it, sliding his tongue into her vagina, tasting her, he wants to taste her so bad now. While she sits on his face she leans over so she can take his big fat cock and continues sucking and stroking it. She can’t stop riding his dick until her man is ready to blow his creamy load all over her face. The hot naked babe swallows quickly while he pumps more and more cum in her waiting mouth. She is fully satisfied now and he finally leaves for work.