While going through my drawers my sexy girlfriend found my masturbator, the one a used to jerk off when she’s not around, and she decided to have some fun with it. She brought it to me while I was in the shower and started stripping naked right in front of me, showing off that fabulous body with her big tits and juicy bubble butt. I could see the triangle of her bush tucked between her round lovely thighs, I love when my girlfriend doesn’t shave her pubis. While fondling her big tits she rubbed the masturbator all over her naked body and against her crotch while giving me naughty looks. Watching my naked girlfriend play with herself and licked the masturbator got my cock throbbing so hard. She dropped to her knees and took it in her tiny hands, sucking and stroking it like only she knows how to. I love it when she spits all over the tip of my cock and spreads her saliva all over my shaft and my balls with her hands and her tongue, it’s so fucking sexy and hot. She wanted to make sure my dick was super slippery for the masturbator. She continued sucking and stroking it with one hand while holding the masturbator in the other, waiting for just the right moment to slip my cock inside of it. She pushed it inside of the silicone vagina and started jerking me off with the masturbator. I love using it when she’s not around, but I had no idea it felt so good having her use it on me. While jerking me off with the masturbator, my sexy girl licked and sucked my balls. I could feel them buzzing with all that hot cum just waiting to get out. We went to the bedroom and I lied on the bed, where she continued sucking and stroking my cock and masturbating me with the masturbator. She makes sexy cock sucking sounds as she pushed my cock down her throat, choking and gagging on it, making her produce even more saliva, drenching my cock and my balls with it. She tossed the masturbator aside and she straddled herself on top of me, pushing my hard cock deep inside her gushing cunt. She likes to control me in bed, she likes to be on top, riding me in cowgirl position, controlling my feelings. Man, my girlfriend’s hot pussy feels so much better than any masturbator they can ever make! I fucked her even harder now, starting to pound my dick deep into her cunt as she met my thrusts, pushing her sopping cunt onto my rock-hard shaft. She began to talk dirty and told me that her pussy was dripping wet and that she wanted me to cum in her mouth. My slutty babe flipped over, popping my fat cock back inside her cunt, riding me in reverse cowgirl position. I grabbed her meaty ass while she rode me, moaning and grunting and begging me for more. I grasped her ass cheek in my hand as I thrusted harder and harder into her slick pussy. She rose to her knees, pushing her sexy ass against me to meet my thrusts. She was ready to climax, pushing her juicy ass towards me even harder to meet my dick.   “Ooooh, yes! Yes! Here it is! Oh fuck, don’t stop. I’m cuuuumming!!!” she yelled. She got down on her hands and knees, pushing her delicious bubble shaped ass back up against my cock as I fucked her doggie style from behind. I could feel her pussy squeezing my hard cock as she thrust harder and faster against me, arching her back, accepting my cock fully into her. She flipped over into missionary, rubbing her wet cunt, begging me to make her cum, pounding her harder, pulling me closer and making me push my shaft deeper into her cunt. My hard dick was slamming in and out of her, my balls bouncing against her ass. She made me fuck her like I had never fucked her before until I was ready to blow my creamy load all over her face.  I quivered with delight as I felt myself cumming all over her soft tongue. She sucked my cum from the balls, moaning and swallowing the load eagerly. What can I say? My girlfriend is my favorite masturbator! 