I love working in porn! I get to fuck some of the hottest porn stars and once in a while, believe it or not, I even get to fuck my fans’ girlfriends… with their blessing and on their money! That’s right, this guy was such a big fan of the porn I make that he actually paid me to fuck his sexy girlfriend with my famous 10 inch cock! A couple of days after getting his request and payment I had the beautiful blond lying on their living room couch in a sexy outfit. She was definitely my type, a small, petite blonde with a spunky body. As it turned out, the teen babe had never seen a big dick and had never been fucked properly. I sat by her side on the couch, pulling her titties over her top and sucking on her nipples. I looked at her boyfriend he was shaking his head in approval. While doing so, his sexy girlfriend rubbed and massaged the massive bulge throbbing under my jeans, eager to get a closer look at my legendary 10 inch cock! She got on her knees and I pulled down my pants and enjoyed the amazed expression on her face when she saw my massive erection just inches away from her face. I could see the wild desire in her eyes, she wanted to be fucked in front of her boyfriend. She wanted me to show her boyfriend how to fuck the shit out of her. I slapped my huge cock against her pretty face and the naughty little bitch latched on to it, sucking it hard while stroking it with both hands. I held her head tight and started fucking her mouth, pushing it down her throat and making her gag on my hefty sausage. As I fucked her mouth her boyfriend heard her shout over how much she loved my huge cock. Really beautiful girl! Attractive face, perfect petite body and delivers first-class cocksucking. She was out of her mind of lust and couldn’t restrain herself any longer, so the horny little slut started lapping fast and furious over my balls. I took the girl in my arms, lifting her up and putting her in a pile driver position so I could eat out her wet muff while she continued sucking and stroking my cock while dangling upside down. I lie down on the couch and the young naked girl got on top of me in a 69, and I continued tongue fucking her pink pussy burger while she attempted to deep throat my huge cock. You have to give them points for trying, man! The girl couldn’t restrain herself any longer as she straddled me and lowered her little pussy down onto my throbbing hardon. I slapped her tight ass and impaled her tight pussy on my dick, making her ride it in reverse cowgirl position. My big fat cock stretched her little pussy wide open, but she expanded to receive it all. The slut didn’t even care that her boyfriend was in the room. Then I put her in the wheelbarrow position, her hands on the floor and her legs wrapped around my waist as I pounded her wet muff standing. Her boyfriend watched his sexy girl get fucked by the biggest cock in the most amazing positions that he could never get in because of his small 6 inch dick. Getting fucked by me she told him he didn’t know what to do with a pussy like hers. I put her down on her hands and knees over the couch, pushing her face down between the pillows and making her jut up her tight ass while I pounded her hard doggie style from behind with my massive cock. Each time the teen girl came she yelled out to her man how much she loved my hot throbbing cock and the way I fucked her. I felt her cumming all over my cock. Her boyfriend kept watching his girl get fucked by my enormous cock and filmed the video with nice pov shots in Missionary and Doggy to jerk off later.   Then I flipped the tiny naked girl into missionary position, spreading her legs wide open and making her hold them in that position while I fucked her very hard. I pinned her shoulders to the floor and made her suck on my fingers as I kept banging her hard. I drove my cock hard inside her, thrusted so hard, she squeezed me tight and screamed into my mouth. Suddenly she felt my cock exploding inside her! Her sensitive pussy felt every pulse, every spasm, and every jerk of my cock. The feeling of my hot cum hitting the back of her vagina was more than that girl could handle and she screamed out in another orgasm. She was shaking with the most powerful orgasm of her life, as I was cumming a barrel inside of her. For the first time her BF saw his lovely girl cumming. Her teen pussy tightened and milked my cock. I filled her with cum! I nutted pretty hard! Her legs finally weakened, I pulled out and she flopped onto the floor. I bet her boyfriend was going to be real proud of the fact that his petite girlfriend was able to take my 10 inch cock like a pro!