It’s their first college midterm exam and this sexy girl and her boyfriend are studying together to get ready for it. She needs to use the bathroom at his place and he tells her to use the one upstairs, since the one downstairs is damaged. Believing they are alone, she walks into the bathroom without knocking on the door, and finds her boyfriend’s smoking hot blonde cougar mom in a sexy red lingerie outfit with a garter belt and black nylon stockings. The woman is gorgeous, a mature babe with big tits and a delicious bubble shaped butt. She excuses herself, but her boyfriend’s stepmom is more than happy to finally meet her stepson’s new girlfriend. The horny MILF pulls her against the bathroom counter and immediately starts unbuttoning her blouse, much to the young girl’s surprise. She had no idea her boyfriend’s stepmom was so straightforward! The cougar shoves her tongue down the teen’s throat while fondling her small breasts and her stepson’s girlfriend gives in, grabbing her big tits in her hands and sucking on her puffy nipples. The teen drops to her knees and the cougar pushes her face between her legs so she can eat her out, shoving her tongue deep inside her wet pink clam. The naked girls sit on the floor with her legs spread wide open, rubbing their gushing cunt one against the other in hot lesbian tribbing action. Noticing how long his girlfriend is taking in the bathroom, her boyfriend comes check on her and finds her having hot lesbian sex with her step mom. He’s not surprised, it’s not the first time his naughty stepmom steals one of his girlfriends, but at least she likes to share! Both sluts get down on their knees so they can suck and stroke his big juicy cock! Having a hot threesome with her boyfriend and his cougar stepmom is the ultimate fantasy for this slutty teen! His hot mom is still munching on his cock and lubing it up with her saliva while his girlfriend gets down on her hands and knees so he can fuck her dripping wet pussy doggie style from behind. While getting fucked, she eats out his stepmom’s delicious pink pussy burger, begging her boyfriend to pound her hard. Anya’s pussy looks like it feels so damn good! After the horny MILF gives the young girl cock-sucking lessons, the two naked girls take turns riding his dick. Anya is just astoundingly gorgeous in every way, and Brandi is a mother fucking legend, one of the HOTTEST women and BEST BODIES ever. Nice to see the New Year starting out right with Brandi’s big tits cute bush. Anya’s trimmed nicely, too. The naked girls ride his face and his dick, lick each other’s cunts and assholes, share his dick in a double blowjob, moaning and cumming nonstop. The girls continue to kiss and play with each other when he cums all over them. 