I was taking a stroll around the neighborhood when I saw this sexy babe in a white tank top and skimpy denim shorts who was just about to get arrested, but lucky for her I was around to help her out of this jam! While the police officer had his back turned, I helped her sneak out of the squad car and we ran off! Man, I couldn’t believe we actually made it; my heart was pounding out of my chest! She was still cuffed, with her hands behind her back, so I offered to take her back to my place, where I had the proper tools to help her out of them. However, once we got there, she told me that since I had helped her out maybe we could keep them on for a little while! I pulled her big tits over her top and her nipples were so fucking hard, man, this bitch was turned on big time after getting away from the law! And how did she repay her new hero? By dropping to her knees and sucking my big cock, of course! Cuffed, the sexy babe got on her knees, sucking my rock hard cock hands free and staring at me with those beautiful bright eyes! She even licked and sucked my balls! I finally got the cuffs off her, along with her clothes and she laid on her back with her legs spread wide open, waiting for me to mount her. She took my dick with her hand and guided it to her wet pussy lipss. She gasped and her eyes opened wide when she felt my hard cock begin to slide into her pussy. She looked at me and down at my hard penis, watching as it moved into her body. She had the most beautiful pussy, so smooth, beautiful clean-shaven cunt! I was pushing my hard cock inside her wet cunt, fucking her in missionary position, deeper and deeper into her moist vagina. The girl rubbed her muff with her fingers as I plowed her hard and I fed her more dick. She took every inch and sucked it like crazy. I lied on my back and she straddled herself on top, sitting on my lap with her juicy bubble butt facing my way as she pushed my big fat cock inside her gushing pussy and started riding me in reverse cowgirl position. She grabbed her meaty butt cheeks with her hands, spreading them wide open for me and slapping her ass while she moaned and grunted, begging me to make her my slut and fuck her very hard. I pinned her shoulders to the rug and fucked her in a pile driver position. I like busty girls and that one had amazing tits, firm and round boobs. She told me she wanted me to cum all over her face and her tits. I fucked her beautiful pussy in all possible positions, using her mouth and her little hole until I was finally ready to blow my hot and creamy cum all over those fabulous big bubble tits. Hey, I fought the law and the law lost, and I won a hot fuck! 