This girl has her boyfriend over for a nice relaxing night watching TV, when her hot blonde roommate shows up and sits right next to her boyfriend. She’s a smoking hot slut in a sexy black outfit, with big tits almost bursting out of her top as she grabs a banana, peels it and deep throats it as he stares at her in disbelief! The hot babe leaves the room and strips naked, showing off her fabulous tattooed body and delicious big bubble tits. Meanwhile, in the living room, her roommate is trying to get it on with her boyfriend, but his mind is somewhere else… in the gutter, thinking about his girlfriend’s hot roommate! He excuses himself and goes to the bathroom, where he finds the sexy blonde slut totally naked and finger banging her pussy! She grabs him by his shirt and pulls him inside the bathroom, closing the door behind him as she pulls down his pants, taking his big throbbing erection in her hands, sucking and stroking it like crazy. Where his girlfriend gives him vanilla blowjobs this sexy blonde slut is giving him a hard-core heavy-metal cock sucking extravaganza unlike any other he has ever experienced before in his life! He thrusts his pelvis like Elvis, fucking her mouth as she sucks his cock. She deep throats it all the way down to his balls until her gag reflexes kick in, making her choke and gag, drenching his cock and his balls in her drool, dripping all over the bathroom floor. The hot naked babe leans against the bathroom wall with her legs spread wide open so he can tongue fuck her tight cunt and her dirty little asshole, something his girlfriend never lets him do to her! He is more than happy to tongue fuck her cunt and ass, pushing his face between her ass cheeks, lapping her ass crack hungrily, tasting her wonderful juices from her pussy slit. The slut bends over as he pushes his big hard cock deep inside her pussy and starts banging her from behind against the bathroom wall. I like sneaky sex scenes! Meanwhile, his girlfriend is all alone in the living room, stripped down to her cotton panties and masturbating herself while waiting for her boyfriend to come back and she’s beginning to wonder why the fuck he is and what the fuck he’s doing, or better said, who the fuck he’s doing! The teen girl comes into the bathroom and her slutty roommate hides behind the door. He’s naked and erect! She grabs his hardon and drags him into the living room. He rams his cock down her throat, fucking her mouth on the living room couch. Wow! With her head hanging over the edge of the couch the young naked girl licks his balls with his dick laying on her face. It’s been a long time since he’s been so raunchy, she wonders what got into him, if she only knew! When she does, she gets into it, pulling her panties, running her tongue between her pussy lips and sucking on her clit. Bf’s dick is deep into her throat and someone else is eating her cunt out. She pulls the dick out of her mouth, opens her eyes and looks down between her legs, realizing that her beautiful naked roommate is licking her pussy! The look of shock on her eyes is priceless and before she can say anything the sexy babe spreads her legs and brings her cunt to hers and begins humping her hard. The naked girls are tribbing, rubbing their wet pussies together! The lovely, the busty, the so seductive woman.   The hot teen wants to watch her boyfriend fucking her roommate, the blonde’s big tits bouncing up and down while she’s straddled on top of his hard cock and riding it in reverse cowgirl position. Both girls are sexy, curvy, and craving his cock. But can he manage to please two hot babes at the same time? She sits on her face so she can eat her out while her boyfriend keeps fucking her, screaming and pounding his cock hard into her cunt. He watches as this hot woman’s tongue is working his gf’s clit, licking up and down the length of her pussy. Then two naked girls suck his balls and his fat dick together, his girlfriend is overtaken by this intense threesome experience. The blonde grabs her hair and uses her head pushing it up and down as the teen feverishly sucks the dick. The girls keep riding his dick and pleasuring their pussies until he’s ready to blow his load all over their big tits and watch them lick each other’s boobs clean!