My beautiful girlfriend loves buying new clothes, and luckily for me she hates paying for them! She is more than happy to ride my big dick in exchange for a shopping spree and I know she’s in a shopping mood today since she’s waking me up with a hot blowjob! I am a lucky man, I say to myself, while watching her in her panties and getting ready in front of the bathroom mirror. She puts on a sexy white dress and as I walked behind her on the way to the stores, she hikes it up and shows me her juicy bubble butt in her sexy black thong. Her walk is so seductive. Once inside, I let her pick a bunch of outfits and sneak into the dresser while she’s trying them on! She tells me to wait until we get home and all the way back I just can’t resist grabbing her ass and hiking up her skirt, I know she loves that shit! Finally we get home, and she’s ready to thank me for her most recent shopping spree in her own special way, dropping on her knees, sucking and stroking my rock hard cock. She swallows my dick all the way down to my balls and passes her wet tongue all over my shaft. She uses her amazing talents and is able slide her tongue out to my balls at the same time. She engulfs my cock, pushing it down her throat until it makes her choke and gag, retrieving it drenched in drool. My babe strips totally naked and crawled on the couch, down on her hands and knees, wiggling her delicious bubble shaped ass. She lifts her ass, spreads her ass cheeks and I step towards my girlfriend’s perfect little ass, grab my cock and aim the head against her wet slit. This is the most wonderful moment when the head of my cock slides through her wet lips, and slides into her tight cunt! There is nothing better than the feeling of her pussy lips stretch tight around my cock. I push my big throbbing erection deeper inside her gushing cunt and start banging my girl doggie style from behind. I like it when she pushes her butt back up against my cock. Fucking hot. Moans and screams tumble out of her mouth as I pound into her pussy faster and faster, my balls bouncing off her ass with each thrust. My sexy naked girlfriend looks over her shoulder while I’m grabbing her ass and banging her so hard. She wiggles and grinds her juicy bubble butt, twerking it and shaking it, backing it up against my cock and stuffing her pussy. She spreads her butt cheeks with her hands and I can see her delicious asshole contracting with every thrust of my cock against her muff. I lie on my back so she can straddle herself on top. She places my cock against her cunt and slowly lowers herself onto it. Riding me in cowgirl position she rubs her pussy and clit with a dirty smile on her face. I bet she’s already thinking about her next shopping spree! We hold each other tight and she presses her sexy body against mine as we share the most intense and passionate kiss. My girl is slim but has great tits. Her perky breasts are jiggling in front of my face. My cock drives into her harder, deeper. She whispers words of love and need in my ear as I keep fucking her shaved pussy as hard as I can, whispering “whore” and “slut”.   My hot girlfriend continues to gyrate her pussy forward and back, squeezing my dick with her vagina muscles. Her pulsing pussy lips clamps hard down on my throbbing cock. I just can’t wait to blow my creamy load, splattering lots of hot and sticky cum all over that fine ass and making her clean all the spunk from my dick! My hot babe bites her lips while jumping up and down my cock and then she gets back to sucking and stroking it, making sure to keep it well lubed as they continue fucking. With her juicy bubble butt facing my way she straddles and rides me in reverse cowgirl position. I can’t hold it any longer and at the end of the deepest thrust I pull out and shoot the biggest cumload all over her cute face. Her legs are spread wide, mouth wide open, panting, trying to catch air and my cum. After I came she kisses and licks all over my still throbbing cock. 