My girlfriend had a couple of her girlfriends over for a sleepover and what can I say, things started getting raunchy from the get go! It didn’t take long for the girls to get topless and asked me to snap some sexy selfies of them as they got totally naked, dancing provocatively all over the house. One of the girls got down on her hands and knees and started twerking her delicious bubble butt while the other girls and myself enjoyed watching her. As they got more excited, they started eating each other out in aa sexy lesbian choo-choo train! Man, my dick was getting so fucking hard from watching them play with each other and of course I wanted to join them and play with all of them too! I love watching my sexy girlfriend eating out another girl’s pussy, it’s so damn hot. Of course her friends are sexy too! They gathered around me and got down on their knees, sharing my rock hard cock, sucking and stroking it together and licking my big balls too. They would take turns with it or just play with my dick at the same time, what a treat! I got one of the naked girls and I put her down on her hands and knees, pushing my big fat cock deep inside her gushing cunt and banging her hard doggie style from behind, with the other girls by her side, softly caressing her hot naked body and giving her soft kisses. This girl has a delicious bubble shaped ass, even her girls enjoyed playing with it, spreading her butt cheeks wide open so I could penetrate and fuck her even deeper from that sexy position. I flipped her over, putting her on her back and with her legs spread wide open, ready to get her tight pussy fucked very hard in missionary position with the other girls checking out the hot action, playing between themselves and touching each other and her hot friend while waiting for their turn to get their tight pussies fucked very hard by my big hard cock. The sexy girl I was fucking was grabbing my girl’s tits, fondling them and taking her puffy nipples to her lips, sucking and biting on them while my girl made out with her other friend, letting me know how turned on she got watching me banging her sexy friends and pleasuring them all with my big juicy boner! I sure am glad that I crashed this sleepover. After taking turns banging all of the girls and letting them suck and stroke my big hard cock some more I was ready to blow my creamy load, watching the sexy girls sharing it and swapping it back and forth. The naked girls milked my dick so good with their hands. I love my girlfriend’s sleepover parties because I always get to fuck her and all her hot and sexy friends! If it was up to me, she could have a sleepover party every day of the week! 