I love picking up hot chicks on the street and fucking them for cash. Every girl has a price, you just have to name it and this sexy brunette busty slut I met on the street could talk about her boyfriend all she wanted, but when she saw my dick and the wad of cash I had for her, she sure didn’t mind cheating on that poor fucker! The thought of the wild sex certainly excited her. She was that babe I immediately wanted to have sex with. Haven’t you ever seen a sexy girl and just instantly thought about having sex with her? We started out by finding a quiet spot in the street where she could show me her tits and she unzipped my pants and took a look at my big throbbing erection, taking it in her hands and stroking it gently, feeling its girth and width with a dirty look on her face. “You’re pretty big, actually…” she mused as she dropped to her knees, lifting my dick and licking my dangling balls. I had strong sexual needs, and I wanted some teen slut to fulfill them. She made her way up my shaft, licking, kissing and sucking as she got to the tip, stroking and sucking while tasting the first drops of glistening precum. There is nothing better than spontaneous, casual sex. I lied flat on my back and the babe walked over to me and placed her legs on each side, straddling my cock. She slowly lowered herself onto my dick and gasped as the tip slipped into her moist cunt. The little slut began riding me in cowgirl position inside this abandoned shack we found. We could still hear noises outside, cars and people passing by. Somebody could walk in on us any moment, which is the big thrill of dogging, or having sex in public places, and I could tell this bitch was really into it and getting off on it, same as me. My kind of girl! She looked so sexy bouncing up and down my cock, with her titties showing over her bra and her cotton panties pulled to the side. She got down on her hands and knees and I started banging her doggie style from behind, making that big bubble butt tremble with every thrust of my cock against her gushing pussy. I flipped her over, spread her legs and fucked her in missionary position, pulling her tits over her bra and squeezing them tight as I came all over them! Suddenly, she saw a man outside, staring at both of us but I didn’t care, just kept pounding her cunt with my huge cock. The best casual sex experience I had. I know these kind of girls with their boyfriends, they have lots of vanilla lovey dovey lame and boring sex with them and that’s why they get so fucking turned on getting fucked in the streets by a total stranger and treated like sluts! 