Sexy blonde Jillian wanted to get pregnant more than anything, but her boyfriend wasn’t exactly playing along, but that’s okay, she’s a resourceful girl and figured out a clever way to get pregnant with or without her boyfriend’s assistance. Since he always falls asleep after blowing his load she entertain him with a hot blowjob, sucking and stroking his big throbbing erection and making him blow his creamy load inside her mouth. She made sure not to swallow, and as soon as he fell asleep and started snoring, the naked girl sneaked into the bathroom, sitting on the toilet seat with her legs spread wide open, spitting all that sticky cum into the palm of her hand and rubbing it on her cunt, pushing it inside her with her fingers. The naked girl sitting on the toilet seat and fucking herself with her fingers, pushing her bf’s sticky cum into her vagina is so hot. All that hot cum felt so good inside her pussy, making her squirm as she impregnated herself with her boyfriend’s semen. Since it didn’t work, a friend suggested a clever workaround! She made her boyfriend believe that she was pregnant, the good side being, then now he could fuck her and come inside her as much as she wanted! Yes, reverse psychology at its best! She got down on her knees and started sucking and stroking that big hard cock, knowing soon it would be feeling her with lots and lots of sticky cum and finally getting her preggers. She got down on her hands and knees, feeling him pushing it deep inside her gushing cunt, fucking her doggie style from behind. He always uses condoms, so feeling that delicious cock bareback inside her made her squirm with pleasure. He sat on the couch and she straddled herself on top, performing a split while riding on his boner in cowgirl position. Her delicious bubble shaped ass bounced up and down his lap as she put into practice every single best sexual position to get pregnant with. She flipped over, riding him in reverse cowgirl, finally feeling all that hot and sticky cum being injected inside her pussy as her boyfriend blew his load. When she pulled out of his cock she could feel all that warm semen oozing from her slit in the shape of a sticky creampie. The teen girl got filled up like never before. He liked it so much he kept fucking her in all possible possitions and filling her up a couple more times, just what she wanted! She moaned, and his cum squirted deep into her hot pussy. “Fuck yes, it’s incredible” she moaned as he came again into her cunt. She cried out with each push.  “Shoot it in me, fill my hot pussy with your sperm” she grunted. His cum squirted and squirted into her cum filled cunt. 