This hot blonde and brunette are enjoying some sexy time together in the hostel room not knowing that this horny receptionist spies on them from the window. In T-shirts and panties, these two sexy teen girls are dancing together when a fuse blows and the lights go out. The girls notice movement outside their window, and realized that they are being spied on by the horny hostel old man. When the light comes back, he’s in the room, realizing that the girls have been smoking inside the room, which is not allowed by the hostel rules and carries a huge fine they cannot afford to pay. However, the sexy girls believe they can pay the horny receptionist some other way, rubbing their hot bodies against his and massaging the big throbbing bulge under his pants. The dirty girls get down on their knees, and he pulls out his dickm it is right in front of their faces. They begin to suck it, grabbing that big juicy cock, licking and stroking it together. They are delighted with how big and fat the horny receptionist’s cock is, and they lick all that creamy precum dripping from the tip of his dick. Fascinated, he watches as these sluts lick his erection like a lollipop, running their tongues up and down his shaft and sucking his balls together. He sits back and spreads his legs, letting the naughty girls lick his balls, all the way down to his asshole, tossing his salad! These girls are dirty! The naked girls stand and turn over, teasing him with their juicy bubble butts while he fingers their tight cunts. These two pussies just beg to be fucked hardcore. Now it’s time to fuck, and the sexy blonde mounts the dude, straddles his cock and impales her cunt on it. He watches as her young cunt sucks up his entire cock. Fuck, the girls are so sexy, so welcoming and they are horny as hell! The naked slut forces herself down all the way onto his hot throbbing dick, bucking furiously, she rides him so hard. She is riding his big fat cock in reverse cowgirl position on the couch with the sexy brunette on top, getting her dripping wet pussy eaten out by her friend! She gets down on her knees on the floor, so she can suck and stroke his cock and munch on her friend’s muff while they are fucking. The naked blonde gets on the top bunk bed and spreads her legs so the dirty old man can eat her young pussy while the brunette bends over and gets her wet clam fucked hard from behind. He grabs the hot brunette’s face and buries it between the sexy blonde’s legs so she can eat her friend out while getting plowed so hard by his greasy cock. He fucks both girls all over the dorm room intense and brutal. The hot brunette spreads her legs and her friend and the man begin to lick her asshole and her cunt together, eating out her and tongue fucking her both holes. Her cunt is squirting like a geyser when the horny old man is power pounding her. Wave after wave of cunt squirting orgasm is taking this slut higher and she just can’t stop cumming. The sound of naked bodies slapping echoes in the small room.   Her pussy juices are squirting out around his shaft, it turns the horny man even more and he continues to pound in and out of her cunt. She screams in pleasure feeling his cock and balls. She is so wet that when his cock pushs in, her juices squirt out of her cunt. Her friend watches in amazement as she has one squirting orgasm after another and she wants him to do the same with her cunt too. Both naked girls moan loudly. These two crazy sluts are so hot, he just can’t handle no more. After fucking them all over the hostel room, the horny receptionist blows his creamy load all over the girls’ faces. Two girls lie on the bed and open their mouths, and are rewarded with a facial. He watches them clean it off each other! Don’t miss more amazing amateur scenes if you like sex in hostel, dorm porn and hot traveler girls.