It’s one of those rare occasions in which she has all the house to herself, so this smoking hot blonde MILF is making the best of it, so busy with her sex toys collection, she doesn’t even hear when her step daughter comes home with her boyfriend. She’s naked and spread legged in her bedroom, pounding her dripping wet pussy with a big purple vibrator, screaming at the top of her lungs, not knowing her stepdaughter’s boyfriend is sneaking a peak around the corner, that is, until his girlfriend texts him from downstairs and the noise from his smartphone makes the naked woman realize she’s no longer alone! Since she didn’t get off, she’s still horny as fuck, so she invites him to join her in bed. The MILF grabs his big throbbing erection in her hands while softly kissing his balls, sucking and stroking his delicious member, so much better than a vibrator! When his busty girlfriend comes upstairs looking for him and finds him getting head from her hot stepdaughter, she strips naked and joins her, sucking and stroking his big hard dick together in a steamy threesome. Outstanding! He lies on his back and his girlfriend hops on top, pushing his cock inside her gushing cunt and riding him while getting her naked body fondled and caressed by her beautiful and very horny stepmom. She spreads her ass cheeks wide open and shoves her tongue deep inside her asshole, making her stepdaughter squirm as she gets double penetrated by her boyfriend’s cock and her stepmom’s tongue! Both naked women ride his dick and his face, oaning and gasping with pleasure. The cougar spreads her legs wide open so her stepdaughter can eat her out while she gets fucked doggie style from behind by her boyfriend. He flips her over and spreads her legs wide open, fucking her in missionary position while her stepmother stimulates her pussy with the same vibrator she was using on herself when she got caught by her stepdaughter’s boyfriend. His girlfriend grabs his big hard cock, sucking and stroking it while her stepmom takes care of his balls, polishing them with her slick tongue. He fucks the sexy cougar in missionary position with his naughty girlfriend sitting on her face and riding it until he blows his creamy load all over her big tits! 