This dude is always playing pranks on his girlfriend. After pranking her in the bedroom while she’s asleep, he decides to sneak up on her in the shower, just to discover, when she turns over, that he’s pranking the wrong sister! Instead of his girlfriend, the girl in the shower is her step sister, a drop dead gorgeous blonde with a shaved head. This bald girl has a unique look and shes hot as fuck. Personally I don’t mind a little variety. She doesn’t need to look like everybody else. While he apologizes profusely, she notices a huge bulge between his legs, throbbing so hard! There’s no way he can conceal the massive erection he got from seeing her naked in the shower! She likes this, so she gets down on her knees, unzipping his pants, grabbing that delicious boner in her soft hands, sucking and stroking it hard. He grabs her shaved head and fucks her mouth, but they are interrupted by her stepsister, knocking on the door and looking for her man so she can play with his cock too! He sneaks out of the bathroom and his girlfriend grabs his cock, happy to see it’s already so big and hard, as she starts sucking it. Halfway through, he excuses himself, going to her stepsister’s room so she can keep sucking his dick. His girlfriend suspects something and after busting them, she has some hot lesbian sex with her stepsister and they are both joined soon by him. Now he has his beautiful girlfriend and her hot stepsister sucking and stroking his hard cock and balls at the same time. He can’t believe how lucky he is. His girlfriend gets down on her hands and knees, urging him to fuck her doggie style from behind while she eats out her stepsister’s delicious pussy. He lies flat on his back, with his girlfriend sitting on his cock and riding it in cowgirl position, making out with her stepsister, who sits on his face so he can eat her out. The sexy blonde spreads her legs and masturbates herself while watching her naughty stepsister getting fucked so hard by her boyfriend. A great threesome , sbeaky sex, both naked girls with firm tits, good legs pussies, and asses, enjoying themselves with a big cock to satisfy them when wanted. After he fucks both naked sisters in missionary position and doggystyle while the girls rub their dripping wet pussies he blows his creamy load all over their beautiful faces. They open mouths and lick every single drop of cum from his cock. Now instead of wasting time pranking his girlfriend and stepsister, he can fuck them both! 