When you are married , you commit to doing a lot of stuff you don’t like just to keep your wife happy and this dude has to suck it up and attend his wife’s friend’s baby shower for the afternoon. All those stupid and senseless games they play at these baby showers drive him crazy, he hates them so much, but it looks like he’s not the only one! This sexy blonde feels the same way and she finds his big hard cock to be so much more entertaining, so she grabs it in her soft hands and starts sucking and stroking it right there while nobody is watching! When she excuses herself to prepare some snacks in the kitchen, she asks him to help her out. He can’t believe all the crazy shit she’s doing, knowing his wife is there and all her friends! In the kitchen, the hot blonde teen gets on her knees and continues sucking and stroking his big fat cock like crazy and his cock is really big. He places her over the kitchen counter, spreading her legs wide open and diving into her lovely pussy, eating her out, tongue fucking her wet slit. He bends her over the kitchen counter and buries his huge cock inside her tight snatch, pounding her hard from behind against the counter until they hear some noise. Fuck, it’s his wife! Since he can’t see her slutty friend behind the counter, he keeps banging her while she drills him with questions. When she leaves, the teen girl strips naked and spreads herself on the table so he can fuck her dripping wet pussy in missionary position. She is freaking hot as hell! Good tits for a small built girl, beautiful natural tits and a pretty pussy. How can such a small blonde have such big tits? This pink pussied goddess is so tight and beautiful, you’ll want nothing more than to fuck the shit out of this princess. He lies on the floor and she sits on his hard cock, impaling her cunt on it and riding him in reverse cowgirl position, her big tits and juicy bubble butt bouncing about. The blonde babe rubs her muff while riding on top and flips over for some cowgirl fun too. He cradles her in his arms and fucks her hard in standing position with her breasts pressed against his chest. I like it when they do stand & carry. This girl is so damn sexy. She too gorgeous not to paint with cum! He keeps banging her on the table filled with gifts for the baby shower until he cums all over her big tits and slutty face and even gets some cum all over the gifts! They better clean that shit up before somebody finds out! All baby showers should be this fun! 