Watch this lucky stud, he’s getting his big hard cocks sucked and stroked by this beautiful brunette slut in a sexy black lace body stocking on the set of a porn movie. Unfortunately, the filming crew has to take a short break, but the stud’s fabulous erection can’t enjoy such a privilege, it must stay rock hard at all times, so they call in the fluffer, a sexy blonde, to take care of it. Wearing her rubber gloves, she gets down on her knees and starts doing her work, sucking his big hard cock and making sure it stays that way until they get back to shooting. The film crew returns and porno shooting continues, with the beautiful naked brunette drooling all over the stud’s big hard cock and balls, drenching them with her saliva. The sexy fluffer doesn’t want to be a fluffer all her life, she wants to be a famous porn star just like the sexy brunette. She asks the director if she can join in, but he tells her to sit back, watch and learn. However, nobody puts this fluffer in a corner! Taking the initiative, the blonde joins the scene to make it super hot, grabbing the stud’s rock hard cock and sucking it hard, right in front of the perplexed brunette and the filming crew. The cameras are rolling and this is her moment to shine! The brunette is turned on by the hot blonde as they share the stud’s big juicy dick in a hot double blowjob. He caresses the brunette’s juicy bubble butt while the girls are taking care of his hard cock and big balls. The fluffer girl strips naked, showing off her incredible deep throating skills as she swallows his entire cock, hardly gagging at all. Impressive! Now it’s her time to get fucked by that big dick! The brunette helps her straddle herself on top of the stud, getting her dripping wet pussy plowed by his massive meat sword while the brunette holds her meaty butt cheeks spread wide open and pushes her bubble butt up and down that long shaft. The brunette lies on her back with her legs spread wide open so the stud can fuck her hard while the fluffer girl sits on her face, getting her pussy eaten out by her and leaning against the stud so they can kiss passionately. This girl has one of the most beautiful pussies ever. She can’t help eating her out, kissing and licking her slit with her tongue, tasting her sweet juicies. Her mouth drives the naked blonde wild, she is holding onto the model’s head and pulling her in, grinding her pretty pussy against her face, filling up her mouth with her cum. His cock is moving in and out of her pussy, and her tongue is sliding up and down between the blonde’s pussy lips. His cock is so hard and throbbing the blonde wants it so badly. The blonde spreads her ass cheeks and invites him into her.   He forces his dick in her from behind and she wants him to fuck her hard and fast. His strong hands are on her waist, pushing her body onto his hard rock cock, slamming her ass against his pubic bone. The girls both moan into each other mouth when he switches between their pussies, fucking them harder, quicker and deeper each time. Both naked girls getting down on her hands and knees piled up so he can take turns fucking their dripping wet pussies doggie style from behind, moving from one delicious cock to the next. The brunette turns over so she can hold the blonde against her while she’s getting fucked by the sweaty stud who is ready to blow his hot and sticky cum all over them both I watch them sharing his cum load. The beautiful fluffer has blossomed into a hot porn star!