My parents hired a teenage girl to clean my house, and as it turns out, she’s a bit of a slut! That’s okay, I love that shit! My dick gets fucking hard as a rock as I watch her cleaning the windows, using her big tits to wipe them while giving me naughty looks. Slowly, she strips until she’s fully naked, wiggling her juicy bubble butt and showing me that delicious dripping wet pink pussy burger. I can’t wait to get my hands, mouth and cock on it! Watching her scrub the floors fully naked is a treat, spanking her juicy bubble butt with the sponge, getting it all nice and wet, soapy suds dripping down the crack of her fine ass. Her body is outstanding, she has the best tits I have ever seen. I can’t help pulling my shorts down and stroking my cock in total delight. After cleaning the house, the busty naked girl is ready to clean my cock and balls, kissing me passionately, taking my throbbing cock with both hands and stuffing it inside her warm little mouth, sucking and stroking it hard with her sweet lips. After passing it all over her face, she gives me the sloppiest blowjob ever, with thick ropes of drool dripping from the sides of her lips and her chin, splattering all over her big tits, drenching my cock and my balls with her saliva. I take her to the nearby couch, spreading her legs wide open and pushing my rock hard cock deep inside that tight cunt. She is so tight that I can’t even fit my dick in her pussy. She gasps when my cock-head slides over her clit deeper and deeper into her vagina. Her fingertips gently rub over top of her clit while I am banging her in missionary position. She pulls her legs up, grabbing them by her thighs and holding them up as I continue plowing her cunt. Next, she tells me to sit down on the couch, straddling herself on top of me, sitting on my lap and pushing my big throbbing erection inside her gushing cunt. The hot naked babe begins to grind her plump, meaty ass on my crotch while I have my hands on her hips. She rides me intensely, slamming herself down on my cock, making that delicious bubble butt jiggle and wiggle, with her big tits bouncing up and down as she rides me in cowgirl position. She flips over, still attached to my cock, and rides me in reverse cowgirl, moaning and grunting aloud and playing with her clit, stimulating herself as I bang her deeper and harder. I start sucking on her boobies while she still fucking me so hard. “Oh FUCK!” she shouts as she has an earth shattering orgasm. When a girl spanks her ass and points her spread ass at you, that’s the sign to fuck her brains out. After putting her down on her hands and knees and fucking her doggie style from behind, I blow my creamy load all over her face and her big tits! Best cleaning babe ever! 