The last couple of weeks have been awesome thanks to a couple of spy cams I had placed around the house, including the bathroom! I’ve been watching my hot blonde step daughter having some naughty fun in the shower, using the shower massager to masturbate herself while fondling her hot naked body. Man, I jerked off to her so many times! Unfortunately, she discovered one of the cameras and it didn’t take her long to realize who had placed them there! At first, she was quite upset, but when she noticed I was still nursing a massive erection under my pants, she reached out and started rubbing it with a naughty look on her face. She couldn’t help glancing at my dick. She removed the towel covering her body and I took off my pants and briefs, letting her take my big hard cock in her soft hands as she began to stroke it. I guess being spied on while masturbating in the shower by her pervert stepdad turned her on! She bent down, opened her mouth and took the crown inside. Her tongue licked all around, she played with my balls while giving me head, fondling and massaging them with her hands and deep throating my member as deep as possible, choking and gagging as it hit the bottom of her throat. She used all that droll dripping from her lips to spread it all over my shaft, lubing it up. I thought I was going to cum in her mouth but my horny step daughter wanted me to fuck her! The little whore just wanted my large and strong cock inside of her wet pussy.  She straddled herself on top, sitting on my lap and pushing my big fat cock inside her wet cunt. I could feel her tender pink pussy lips spreading wide open to accommodate my throbbing erection inside her slippery slit. Her juices were slowly dripping onto my ball sack. Here I was fucking my hot looking step daughter. She was sliding up and down onto my pole. I thought I was going out of my mind. Her lovely titties were in front of my face, her pussy was shaved, she moved her ass faster and pushed down harder. I reached down and took her ass cheeks in my hands, pushing her ass harder onto my dick, making her hot naked body bounce up and down on top of me as she rode me in cowgirl position. She pressed her beautiful tits against my chest and moaning and grunting softly with satisfaction. I still couldn’t believe it, I was fucking my very own stepdaughter. I took her meaty butt cheeks in my hands, spreading her ass wide open and exposing her tender little asshole while banging her. Grabbing her by her hips, I flipped her over, squatting over my cock, riding me in reverse cowgirl position and telling me how much she loved it. She was moaning and she was about to cum! The way she was grinding her clitoris against my pelvis bone was absolutely amazing! The young naked girl leaned back against me and we kissed passionately while we fucked on the couch.   I wanted to fuck my hot stepdaughter doggy style from behind, so I put the sexy slut down on her hands and knees, admiring her delicious bubble shaped ass, ramming my big hard cock deep inside her gushing cunt, feeling my balls slapping against her butt cheeks as I fucked her as hard and as fast as I could. I kept pumping my cock into her little pussy and she was screeeaming, “FUCK ME! FUCK ME SO FUCKING HARD!” After this I flipped her over, spreading her legs wide open and pushing my hard cock back inside her snatch, pounding her in missionary position. My naughty stepdaughter used her fingers to massage and rub her clit while she was getting fucked by her horny step father, ready to receive all my hot and sticky cum all over her face and her open mouth. The images of my sister taking my cumshot drove me crazy. Jet after jet of hot cum squirted out of my hot throbbing dick onto my daughter’s beautiful face.