Eager to get a raise after working with me for several years, my hot secretary decided to convince me by stripping naked in front of me in the office. She looked so fucking hot in sexy pink lace lingerie and black stockings, sexy cleavage, bending over my desk and showing me her juicy bubble butt, telling me to go ahead and touch it. Of course I did, feeling those meaty butt cheeks in my hands gave me such a huge hard on! She got down on her knees, unzipping my pants and releasing my throbbing erection! My slutty secretary began drooling all over it as she popped it in her mouth, sucking and stroking it with a dirty look on her face. She was sucking my cock when we heard a knock on the door and she sneaked under the desk as my wife walked in! I thought she would stop, but she just kept sucking my cock with my wife just a few feet away from her! I didn’t know what to do! So thoughtful of her, she brought me lunch. Since she didn’t see my secretary around, she assumed we were all alone in the office and climbed on my desk, spreading her legs wide open so I could pull her panties aside and play with her wet pussy! What a situation! I made her turn around and get down on her hands and knees and my secretary rubbed my cock up and down her wet slit! I pushed it inside her and started fucking my wife doggie style from behind thinking I might get away with this, until my greedy secretary couldn’t resist grabbing my wife’s juicy bubble butt, making her look over her shoulder and realize we were not alone! She was a bit upset at first, but my secretary convinced her to relax, enjoy herself and join us for a hot office threesome fuck! The girls got down on their knees, sucking and stroking my big fat cock together. I got on my desk and straddled my wife on top, fucking her brains out while the secretary watched us and played with us both. Man, I hadn’t seen my wife so turned on in years! The girls started making out while I fucked them both at my office desk. I started pounding my naked secretary and she rode my dick like mad, moaning and slamming herself down onto my cock, not forgetting to kiss with my wife. I grabbed my wife’s hips and started fucking her doggystyle, slamming her hard from behind. My secretary watched my dick going in and out my wife’s pussy, spanking her juicy ass and helping me stretch her pussy lips out with my dick. I thought I would never stop blowing my creamy load all over the naked girls both. Now my wife comes to the office every day to bring me lunch and have a threesome with my secretary and me! 