Every time my sexy stepsis needs some money she knows what to do, putting on her sexy little tank top and skimpy denim shorts and asking me for it. We have a little deal, and she will do whatever I tell her to for that money and she knows that the first thing she has to do for her stepbrother to give her a loan is to suck his big juicy cock! Like she says, it’s a win-win situation. She gets between my legs, slowly unbuttoning and unzipping my pants, feeling my big throbbing erection over the denim fabric as she pulls them down on all issues my rock hard boner, the tip already glistening with precum and ready for her sexy lips and wet tongue. Her mouth is already watering, my step sister love sucking on my cock. She pops it in her mouth and starts giving me head while looking into my eyes, she looks so damn beautiful with my cock inside her little mouth. She’s not doing a half assed job at it either just to get her money, she’s putting all her effort and passion into the art of sucking my cock and licking my balls, drenching them with her warm saliva as she deep throats it all the way down to the base, choking and gagging on my cock meat stuffing her throat. The little slut feels I’m going to cum, my dick begins to throb inside her mouth. She sucks more strongly and moves her head up and down more quickly, she wants me to cum in her mouth. My step sister is a slut, she is a fuckin whore! I can feel my dick shooting out ropes of cum, one after the other, filling my step sister’s mouth with all of my jizz. Not taking her eyes off me, the little slut swallows my load still playing with my dick. She is not too happy with this, but got her cash. The next day I try to get my money back. Too bad she lost it. She has to pay up more now, and it is going to involve stepbros cock in her pussy. As long as mom and dad dont find out, this might be the best deal. The sexy girl stands and bends over, pulling her shorts down and exposing her juicy bubble butt and gorgeous pussy. Her slit is dripping wet and she begs me to ram my hard cock deep inside it and fuck her very hard from behind. She wags her naked ass invitingly for me. I move forward and the cock dips between her smooth ass cheeks so now it’s pointing right at her pussy slit. I’m looking down at my dick that now slowly sliding through her pussy folds. She helps me, spreading her ass cheek with her hand, opening her cunt for my dick. I feel my manhood going through the entrance of her vagina, it is the most amazing feeling in the world! Slowly I plung into her pussy until my dick is all the way inside her, there is nothing like feeling of a pussy clenching around a cock. I start pumping my cock in and out of her. She looks over her shoulder while I’m fucking her, telling me how big and hard my cock feels inside her and how good it feels getting fucked by her very own stepbrother like a dirty little fuck slut. I drive my full erection into her tight cunt as hard as I can, she moans in pleasure. She tightly grips my cock with her vaginal muscles. Oh, yes! Suddenly I understand that I’m cumming and I don’t want to pull out, I’m just pounding my cock harder into her tight, little pussy. She moves her ass with me, making me cum harder.   On the final thrust I push my throbbing cock in deep into her and hold it there, filling her with my spunk. The next day she’s ready to have fun with me again. We both stripped naked and I lie flat on my back my sexy stepsister walks over to me and places her legs on each side, straddling my cock. She slowly lowers herself onto me, pushing my hard cock deep inside her gushing cunt so she can ride her stepbrother’s erection in cowgirl position. While she is riding me, her perky titties are flying up and down. She has a landing strip of hair above her pretty pussy. I swear my step sister really loves oral sex, can’t get enough of my dick in her mouth. She sucks my dick some more before we continue fucking like crazy. I put her down on her back, spread her legs wide open and bang her young pussy in missionary position while I admire all the piercing on her hot naked body, including the ones in her nipples and the stud on her tongue that feels so good when she is sucking my dick. I’m thrusting in and out, in and out, she’s moaning in ecstasy as her juices gush out of her, soaking me. I keep fucking until I am ready to blow my load, splattering hot and sticky cum all over her sexy face and open mouth!