It was a sunny day and my girlfriend and I were chilling with her best friend, a gorgeous blond, sharing a hammock by the pool in the social area of our apartment building. We were all alone and I was getting a little bit naughty with my girlfriend, who in turn, decided to get a little bit naughty with her friend, pulling down on her bikini top and exposing her beautiful tits! As my girlfriend grabbed her naked tits and started fondling them, the girls began kissing and making out while I undid my girlfriend’s bikini bottom, tugging at it and exposing her delicious pink slit, already glistening with pussy juices as she made out with her friend. I began to rub a finger along her wet slit, caressing her pussy and her clit. Looks like our hammock was going to become the scenario of a hot and crazy threesome! I wanted to fuck both of them so badly. Suddenly the two girls pulled my trunks down. My cock was getting hard as a fucking rock and when both girls looked at my erection, it just sprang to life like a Jack in the Box! They started stroking and licking my cock! My girlfriend’s friend was in awe, after all, my girlfriend had already told her how big my cock was, but actually seeing it and having it so close was a totally different story! The girls started caressing my body, balls and hard shaft as they began licking, kissing and sucking on my hard rod together. They looked so fucking sexy! I could feel their slick velvet like tongues on each side of my shaft and my girlfriend watched as her beautiful friend popped my cock into her wet mouth and started blowing me. I love my girl, who else would share her boyfriend with her best friend like that? While her friend munched on my cock, my girlfriend bent over and spread her butt cheeks with her hands, arousing me with her delicious bubble shaped butt, sexy ass crack and mouth watering puckered little asshole. I got under the hammock, lying on my back, with my naked girlfriend sitting on top of it, impaling her dripping wet pussy on my rock hard cock. My girlfriend had a perfect ass and there is nothing more beautiful than watching as my dick slide between her round buttocks. Then it was the friend’s turn to enjoy my dick. She started to ride me with my beautiful girlfriend watching us both fucking in cowgirl position, pulling back her friend’s silky hair as we played. My girlfriend grabbed her hips and began to slam her body down onto my dick, oh fuck! I couldn’t take my eyes off of her magnificent bare breasts, or her perfect smooth little pussy. Both naked girls took turns riding my dick. They were squirming with excitement, and their pussies were flowing like rivers with their cunt juices. My girlfriend wrapped her from behind, fondling her tits and letting them bounce free while grabbing her by her waist, pushing her up and down my long shaft.   After giving her friend an orgasm, it was her turn to enjoy my cock, lying on her back with her legs spread wide open on the hammock while I fucked her cute pussy in missionary position with her girlfriend playing with her body, kissing her and caressing her. My GF made a heart of pubic hair above her pussy and it looked so hot! Her friend got down on her hands and knees and I fucked her doggie style from behind, slamming myself against her plump ass. The girls were both rubbing their pussies, making out passionately and eating each other out while I continued banging them both. Their pussies were right next to each other, I switched back and forth between them. Swinging on the hammock the naked girls moved rhythmically with my thrusts. I couldn’t hold it any longer, I was ready to explode all over them! The girls wanted every drop of my seed and I gave my spasming shaft to them, blowing my creamy load all over their faces and watching them lick it off each other!