Just as I’ve turned on my newly-bought camera in my yard, I hear my neighbor over the fence making noises. I look over to see what’s going on and I can’t believe my eyes. The dark brunette is doing laundry in her yard in nothing but skimpy pink underwear. And I admit, I got a bit curious, so I start peeping at her for a bit. I observe her curves, her sexy tits, her huge ass. If I could get inside those panties, I’d be one happy man. During this daydreaming session, however, I completely forgot that she could potentially spot me. Unfortunately for me, with one glance in my direction, she immediately covers herself with a nearby purple dress that she was trying to put up to dry. I try to explain myself somehow and I quickly start stuttering. Then it hit me, I could just offer to dry her clothes at my place, and if she agrees maybe I’ll get lucky. The naughty slut is kind of unsure of it in the beginning but soon enough I get her to agree and she’s over at my place. The bitch doesn’t know of a way to thank me, so I think of a few ways. Now that I can have a closer look at her I notice the cute tattoo that she has under her arm. I can’t help myself but stray with my eyes away from her tattoo and towards her big tits. I start seducing her, and slowly but surely, I start undoing the slut’s bra. I take it off and start looking at her gorgeous boobs before finally grabbing them. I play with them for a bit and watch her react to my actions. I can see that I have room to push for more so I turn her around and start pulling down her undies only to reveal a cute heart tattoo on her left butt cheek. Not only that but I notice that she has a well-kept hedge down there. Beautiful body with the biggest bush! That is a bush man’s dream right there. And, yes, I’m absolutely loving a hairy pussy. I start eating her ass and pussy to get the teen girl in the mood and soon enough she’s giving me a nice blowjob. The way she caresses the head of my dick with her lips and tongue is absolutely amazing! She does it nice and slow and then deep and hard, this slut knows how to suck big cocks. That’s not enough for me though so I lie down and she lowers her hairy cunt, and my hard dick spreads her lips and enters her wet vagina easily. She sits all the way down and leans forward over me so I can suck her big natural tits. The naked babe rides me like a little cowgirl. After that, I get some reverse cowgirl action, and I enjoy every second of it. Finally, I spread her legs and start destroying her pussy hard and fast. I keep fucking her and finally fill her up with my hot cum. 