Going through airport security is the worst part of flying for most people. A gentleman in a suit gets stopped by security for a random checkup. You can just see that the way the female employee is looking at him is going to cause some trouble. The woman starts checking him with a metal detector and is rough with him from the get-go. The girl asks him for his boarding pass and he says that he has, unfortunately, lost it. He tries to grab her but, seeing how she’s a trained security employee, she counters him, turns him around, and then smashes his head onto the table .The naughty slut pats him down and notices the giant bulge below his pants at his crotch area and she gets curious as to find out what he’s hiding. The blonde puts on some rubber gloves as if she’s going to give him a rectal examination and then undoes his belt. The bimbo then pulls down his pants and boxers and pulls out his dick before turning him around so that she can get a better look at it. You can see the amazement on her face when she sees the size of that huge hard cock and she can’t wait to give it a closer inspection. The naughty slut gets on her knees and you can just feel her suddenly morphing into a slut with her tight, skimpy security uniform begging to be taken off. The little slut starts sucking on his giant dick like it’s a lollipop and she really gets into it. The slut starts deepthroating him and gagging on his dick while the guy is enjoying every second of the experience. The whore lies down on the table, throwing her head back over the edge and opens her mouth in anticipation of that juicy cock. The slut is literally begging for it at this point and the dude starts fucking her mouth like it’s nobody’s business. He starts switching up with what she’s stuffing her face with. One second it’s his cock going down her throat, the next she’s sucking on his balls with her spit dripping all over her face, and then the next she’s giving the man a rectal examination with her slutty mouth and tongue. After fucking her mouth some more, he flips the naked babe over and bends her over on the table revealing her tight pussy. But he’s not looking for that hole, instead he shoves it deep inside her tight asshole and starts savagely fucking her like you wouldn’t believe. He destroys her asshole while fucking her doggy and pulls her hair back really hard so that you can’t even tell whether she’s feeling pleasure or pain at this point. But he’s not even close to done with her and he climbs on top of the table and pushes her legs close together while her anus stands spread and ready for his cock. He buries his big dick inside of her and starts pounding away while shoving her whore face into the table.   The horny security girl feels helpless and unable to do anything about the situation so she just kneels there and takes it like a slab of meat. After he’s had enough, he turns her around again and starts fucking her mouth even more savagely. He cums inside her mouth again, sending his juices down her throat and she swallows it. After that he starts fucking her until the slut orgasms and he fingers her while she squirts all over the place. Seeing how she’s turned on by anal he does it a few more times and they even do it on the floor. Airport security can be a real bitch so the traveler gives the horny security guard a dickspection her cunt and ass hole will NEVER forget! The blonde bitch decides that he should get a pass and lets him through before calling in the next person.