I’ve been going to this one gym for a long time, and there’s one unbelievably hot chick that I always wanted to fuck so bad! This babe always wears some super-hot outfits, as if she’s trying to make me crazy horny. There was still one problem: the gym was always full, and I never got the chance to approach her! This slutty chick always knew how badly I want to fuck her! These girls in tights are so hot, I even got an erection at the gym a couple of times, looking at their sexy butts. So I finally got the chance, this one day the gym was empty, so the moment I approached her – the chick tells me not to say anything since she knew precisely what my intentions were. She pulls me close, takes her shit off and I tried to fondle her tits – but she’s not letting that happen just yet! Boy, this bitch knows how to tease a guy! The little temptress tears up her tights so that her pussy is out in the open! I got horny as a bull and pulled my dick out! I can tell that this teen blonde wanted to be fucked hard, so I started shoving my dick into that little, wet pussy as hard as I can! As I’m fucking her, a smile on her face tells me I got to try harder! So I started pounding her with all my energy and finally this bitch is getting some satisfaction! This is an insatiable little slut we’re talking about here! So I turned this blonde bitch around and bent her over! I showed that little ass how hard I could pound her, and I see that she just loves it! This sexy floozy is shaking her ass so skillfully that it’s hard not to come! I’ve banged her from behind for a very long time! The bitch got tired after a while, turned around and started sucking on my dick to prepare it for the next position! Her pussy already felt one very intense orgasm, and it wants that second one bad! The naked girl lies down on the weight bench and begs me to fuck her harder and deeper! So I started stuffing her little pussy with my hard dick so hard that she went through her second orgasm in a minute or so! The best feeling was her juicy snatch pulsing as she came. That was my kind of workout. As her whole body was pulsing, I felt I was cumming, I went in balls deep with one thrust, sprying hot cum in her vagina and covering her trimmed mound with a hot stream of cum. This training is something the little slut will remember! 