A while ago, my bro broke up with his girlfriend who is, by the way, a fucking sex bomb! So he sends me over to her place to steal back some stuff the bitch refuses to return to him! Now, as I was sneaking in, I stopped for a second to check her out and noticed that she’s taking her bikini top off! Wow, that girl sure has some great tits! But, I got to stay focused. This sexy slut gets in the house and gets closer to the room where all my friend’s things are, and I looked from a window as the sexy babe was changing and got a huge boner. I waited for her to get outside and sneaked in, I turn around and – bam! The bitch caught me! This blonde Latina girl is shocked to see me there and gets a bit agitated but then – a thought went through her head – to get back at my bro by fucking me! Her hand is suddenly in my crotch and feels my boner all the way! Her body is outstanding, and I’ve never had a change of fucking a girl as hot as this one! All of a sudden – my dick in her mouth! Her blowjobs skills make me think that my dude is an idiot for leaving this smoking hot bitch, and that bitch wants my cock inside of her ASAP! She is so fucking amazing. I just want to fuck her hard and cum on her gorgeous tits! I bend her over, pulls down her shorts, spreads her big buttocks and starts fucking her wet pussy, and the bitch loves it! Now I will get his things for sure! As I’m pounding that ass, the slut screams so loud and can hardly take it. But I don’t mind her, and I just kept fucking her brains out, pounding my dick in and out of her perfect cunt! The bitch now wants a piece of the action, gets on my cock and starts to ride it beautifully! There’s a huge smile on her face from how good that cock feels so fucking good inside! That pussy slides nicely up and down on my pulsating dick! The sexy blonde turns around and starts riding the dick, giving me a great view of her round ass! She has her tempo in riding that makes her have a more than one orgasm! I got so horny from looking her riding that I’m just about to come! I got to my feet and shove my dick deep down her throat as I’m cumming! 