Three ditsy but very fuckable girls are talking about their fav things in sex. Sucking a cock, bouncing on a cock really fast and some other things that show just how wild and crazy these three cheerleaders are. The horny college girls are introduced to a cock sucking competition and after a nice stretch session, a whistle blows and their coach presents them with a cock that they have to chow on down. The cute brunette with a big mouth grabs that long veiny dick and starts blowing on it. She uses so much spit on it that it is unbelivable to see how sloppy that blowjob is. Her sexy friends are beside their coach and are waiting for their turn on the cock. Yet another whistle is blown, and this time, it is the short haired teen’s turn to ride the cock. Their coach is rubbing his pecker against her thighs. As he does this, the tip of his cock is licked up by the slut who just finished licking it. Then, the long hair brunette sits on the coach’s dick as he sat on the couch, and she rubs her ass against him. She is still not fucking him but she is grabbing on his willy to get him ready. Then, in one simple motion, she slides down on top of that prick and she starts riding him with wild thrusts as her slutty friends keep rubbing on their vaginas, to keep the pussies warm. These dark ravens are all eager to get their turns on that Johnson since the girls all need to train and learn some lessons in sex. As the long haired brunette gets done with her turn, she is shoved away by the gorgeous one who immediately sits on that shaft and gets her twat poked in a super hot reverse cowgirl position. Her hairy muff swallows that pecker whole and now, it is time for the last bitch to get a hot dicking. The brunette with blonde endings has the most succulent pussy with so much suction to it that the coach wants to fuck her the most. So in order to do so, he assumes the position on his back and lets the slut do her thing as the gorgeous one sits on his face and mashes her clit against his mouth. She wants to cum and squirt all over his face but she needs some more stimulation. The guy licks her moisty cunt as he uses his slippery tongue and drives it in between her pussy lips. The hot teen responds to his motions and the teen even moans loudly to tell him that she desires him like the desert needs water. As his mouth is bussy with one cunt, his big dick is doing all the work on the other. Three young naked girls just can’t get enough of his dick. Coach was fucking the big ass teen all throughout his cunnilingus and the third girl was rubbing her pussy and her clit like a phenom. She wanted to cum so bad also but she also wanted another turn on that pleasure maker. It is hard to train these sluts since cock-olympics are not something to take lightly. All three of the girls are all-star quality cock pleasure givers so they have that animal killer instinct in them to annihilate any dick that comes their way. Even the coach himself is pleased that they have this winning attitude so to reward them, he took the naked cheerleaders all off of his cock, lined them up and exploded with his semen all over their faces. The teens enjoyed their sex education games and they are gonna take these lessons and apply them to other sex sessions that they have. 