This one day, I got into my stepsister’s room to get something and caught her with a friend over, even though she’s still grounded. Now, I better be paid in some way, or I will be a snitch! So, I said that I wouldn’t say anything if her friend gets naked! Her friend doesn’t mind since she’s just a slutty little bitch, and the clothes fall from her body piece by piece! That body is fucking hot! My step sister starts to caress it gently while I pulled my dick out! The girls were shocked at first, and my sister kept saying I should put it back. But, I’m not giving up pussy that easy. I can see that her friend looks at my dick with lust, so I tell her to come closer! My stepsister is judging me from the bed as her friend comes close and starts sucking on my big, erect dick! This little slut sure knows how to suck a dick! I can see that my sis looks how she blows and she wants the piece of the action too! So, I pulled her closer, and she puts up a fight at first, but later ends up sucking my dick like a nymph bitch! Now, two sexy mouths are licking my balls and huge dick, and it feels fucking great! These blondes look like sisters, the naked girls then got on the bed and waited for me to make a move. So, I started pushing a finger into each of their pussies, and the girls started screaming with such a pleasure! You can hear it in their moaning: they want a cock inside them as soon as possible! I felt ready to bang some pussy, so I lay down as my crazy stepsister starts to ride my dick! How slutty she is! Her friend is squeezing her naked ass while she slides up and down on my dick! Her pussy feels it, and her friend starts to kiss her hard nipples while she keeps riding that dick! My stepsister calls my a pervert, well, no one is forcing her to ride my dick! Her friend takes the initiative and starts to ride with her sexy ass turn in my direction, slamming her ass hard down onto my hard-on! Boy, this little slut rides even better than my stepsister! My cock fits excellent into her pussy, and I’m approaching the orgasm very fast as the naked girls scream so fucking loud! The girls grab my hot throbbing dick and suck it together like mad, filling their mouths with my hot sperm, then kissing and licking jizz from each other faces. 