It started off as any college party. I was there with friends and in the back of my mind, hoping to find some way to get laid. That all changed when these 3 chicks from the chemistry club barged in, stopped the party, and made an abrupt announcement. At first we were like, ‘what the fuck!’ to these fucking nerds, even though they were kind of hot. Out of the blue, the girls pulled off their lab coats to reveal their hot little bodies and sexy undergarments. Maybe this was all part of the ‘research’ or ‘experiment’ to see how we’d all react, but they started kissing each other. Full blown lesbian kisses! When they took of their tops and sucked each others nipples, things got real. I was the lucky one. The naked nerd girls chose me to sit in the middle of the room, and they pulled my pants down. I didn’t care that everyone was watching. The fact was, all three girls took turns sucking my cock. I couldn’t believe how much they enjoyed doing this in front of everyone. These girls were crazy. They even let people record on their phones, as they performed an array of hot blowjob techniques together. These girls were freaks, and I got to fuck all 3 of them! Three naked girls bent over the frat house sofa, letting me choose who I wanted to fuck first!!! If you’ve never had more than one pussy laid out in front of you to choose between, you probably can’t imagine the feeling in my cock as I looked at the three naked girls on all fours, spreading their ass cheeks in front of me. I just went to one of them and rammed my dick deep in her twat with one thrust! I held on to her hips and drove my cock deep into her pussy over and over. Dorm parties will never be the same since after that explosive dorm orgy with three beautiful and horny nerds, who wouldn’t want to party with some scientific sluts? The horny naked college girls licked each other’s cunts, sucked my dick, rode my face, got their pussies fucked hard, moaning, cumming, not paying any attention to bystanders. All I can say is that college is worth every penny. I fucked one slut and thought about which one I want to fuck next. I thought I would never stop cumming, all over their happy faces and in their open mouths. I caught my breathe and looked down at three naked girls that were now drenched in my cum load then I looked at everyone around, they were in shock! 