It’s a charming, sunny, and horny day for a female inmate called Abigail. As this chick is passing by the car repair workshop where convicts repair cars to repay the society, she turns around and sees the sexiest man she ever saw! This convict bitch gets behind some trash cans and looks lustfully as he repairs some car with only his sweatshirt on! Her mind is going wild and thinking of all the ways she would fuck him! His muscles make this girl into a naughty slut. Her lips become dry, and her pussy wants some action now! A girl as horny as this one can’t let him go away without fucking him hard. He goes inside to shower as our slutty voyeur follows him everywhere he goes. Her eyes are now feasting on his huge cock as the drops of water fall on his body! Her pussy can’t take it anymore, so this hot babe starts to pleasure herself and suddenly moaned so loud that the man heard it. He goes to check out the noise and finds a sexy babe on the bed, shocked. I’ve been waiting for you baby, the chick says and spreads her legs for him. This inmate is so unbelievably hot that he quickly gets over the surprise and gets extremely horny! No one should miss the opportunity to fuck a babe as hot as this one! Slutty Abigail is so hungry for his cock that she gets on her knees fast and starts giving him the best blowjob performance her ever got in his life! The girl gives him the sluttiest stare as her mouth slide up and down on his erect shaft! His balls are like two cups of ice cream, and their taste is her tongue’s favorite! I love beautiful girls with a dirty mouth. This pussy needs a huge cock, not a pencil dick. They both get on the bed, and the naked babe starts to ride with that compelling butt while he’s holding it with both of his hands! No one rides dick better than this chick, and her pussy enjoys riding like nothing else in the world. His monster dick is deep in her cunt, the hot babe is grinding her cunt in circular motions and slamming herself hard onto it. He puts his hands on her hips and presses her bare body tightly to his, slamming his dick faster and faster in to her cunt. His balls are slapping against her ass crack. You deserve all the hard cock you get, you dirty little slut! She is a very naughty girl who needs to be punished with his hard 10 inches. He wants to look at those butt cheeks, so he turns the naked babe around and starts pounding her hard as her body is still in a riding position!   Ohhhhhh! she moans, cumming. That reverse cowgirl riding is one of my fav parts of this, but the whole movie is great from beginning to the end. He continues to fuck her mouth, sliding it up and down his long shaft. He eats her out, lick her ass and keeps fucking her hardcore! She lost count of orgasms she has experienced. The man decides to finish her, so he starts banging this slut’s ass from behind that she screams so loud! The girl has the sexiest body! Every time his dick comes out of her cunt, his cock is coated with her cunt juice. The best scene I have watched in a while. The talking, the whispering, the shaking, both stars on their A game and clearly enjoying themselves. Clear chemistry here and it pays dividends. After spreading her legs fucking her in that position, he gets on his feet and comes into her cum-hungry mouth! Yet another amazingly hot scene from Brazzers. This video should win some award! The guys sure know how to make great porn. 