Hey guys, I send u this video of me and this sexy teen babe having sex. Enjoy it and tell me what you think of her beautiful bubble ass and her meaty pussy. I was just fooling around with her sweet puss since it looked like it was a little clam. It was puffy and it was becoming more and more wet as I was touching it. Her body was fantastic. I loved how meaty and puffy her pussy was. It would be great to see her take a huge creampie, I thought. The brunette little bimbo was eager to have a taste of my long smooth cock so I decided to tease her a bit before she gets the big hot dog. I placed my cock above her head and let it hang like that. My balls were on her forehead and my big penis all over her cute face. I like when young naked girls play with my huge cock. The cutie was fishing for it with her puffy swollen lips before I actually decided to give it to her. Once the teen babe that I wanted to fuck caught the head of my cock, she went mental with it. That cock was gone in one second down her throat. Blowing it and kissing it and slobbering all over my schlong, the little temptress did a number on my cock. Then, I decided that it was time for me to step it up a notch and give her a sweet ass lick. I lubed that asshole of her’s with the flicking of my tongue. That cock had to be inside of her pussy and the sweetheart wanted it now. So I laid on the floor and I let her sit on that erect meaty thing of mine. Once I was on my back, the honey sat on the dick, balls deep and I started rocking her world. It felt amazing. That pussy was so damn wet and tight. That suction that the skinny lass had was tremendous. I have a fat dick but that grip on my cock was something else. I wanted to explode all over her cunt but I had to hold out as long as I could. The slim naked girl rode me, slamming herself down onto my huge cock eagerly, stretching out her pussy. She was so hot, petite, young and slender girl. Those medium sized tits of her’s were making he hard as fuck. Still, I took care of her pussy. At one point I placed my hands behind her head and her hands were locked in with mine so I had the best control of her whole body. I fucked her so damn hard, giving it to her real deep and hard, just the way these dirty teens love it! These tiny girls are perfect position for a Full Sex Nelson. I wanted her to feel me in my entirety. After I had my fun, I wanted to feel her in a doggy style position. I made her assume the position and there it was. Her sweet teen ass, all round and tight waiting for me to come in and annihilate it like a king. I slid forward, positioning myself balls deep and making her cunt stretch over the wider base of my dick. I rocked her cunt like a savage. It felt good. I’ve fucked so many pretty hot girls but she was amazing gorgeous! Then, since the delectable teen was so skinny I could do whatever I wanted with her. I Took her in my hands.   The young naked girl was almost like on a swing. I plowed that sweet pleasure hole of her’s like a trapeze artist. After a while, It was time for some of the more regular sexual shenanigans so we went back to the initial position, me lying back on the floor. It was easier for her to feel my cock like that. Once in the right position, the exquisite teen babe was feeling my cock in its full length. Once she sat on it, she never wanted to sit back up again. It was the best feeling she’d ever had, she didn’t want to stop that now. It was time for me to reward her efforts with a sweet gooey glaze. I made her bend her head a bit, open that mouth and KABLAM, I spurted my cum directly in her mouth like it was darts I was playing with my cock. Her climax overcame her! The sperm started to drip out of her mouth but she wanted to guzzle it all. I’m sure we are going to do this again.