A very cute brunette is a troublemaker. She was always getting in trouble and she was getting me madder and madder. I just wanted to make sure that she was alright since this teen slut still was my step-daughter. I let her take my car, but the teen slut used it to suck her bf’s dick, some dude’s dick in my car! The kiddo is sexy, good looking and of course, like all the girls she loves to suck cocks. Sometimes I imagine my step daughter getting me off and this is what is driving me crazy. This one time, I just had to teach her a lesson so when she got in my room, I bent her over, took her panties off and started fucking her. She stole my car. That had to be punished in some way and I wanted to be rewarded. Her pussy was so damn tight I thought that I was going to explode in her right there. That pussy was so damn good I just had to fuck her and show her what a real man can do. I recorded a part of this in a POV way for my amateur home porn collection. That tight pussy of her’s needed to be hammered the right way and that she got. I grabbed tight to her hips and plowed deep into her young body as I released stream after stream of hot cum into her vagina. Her pussy pulsated around my dick and gushed out juices mixed with my cum. The second time she got me pissed off was when her report card came in and the teen had all crappy grades. I asked her what was up and the little slut told me that she was fucking that idiot of her bf. I couldn’t let that go unpunished again so I asked her what was she going to do later on and she told me that she was going to suck my cock. What a brat. I was thinking the same thing. I gave her my hot rod and the teen bitch gobbled it up like a good slut that she is. Her head bopping was so damn hot to me. Her lovely eyes were full of life and eagerness to suck my sperm out. The hot teen sucked it with spit and she gave it all that she has. Those nice boobs were in front of me and I was thinking how I’d like to mash on them. Then, I came in her mouth. I didn’t give a shit. That’s what you get for being a snotty little brat. At least I got a hot blowjob from her. Then a few days flew by and here she is again, telling me that she had finally figured out that her bf was using her for sex. After a few seconds, she was taking her panties off, walking over to me and placing her legs on each side, straddling my cock! She slowly lowered herself onto my hard dick and gasped as the head of my dick slipped into her teen pussy.  Now, she is on my dick riding it in a cowgirl position. That pussy of her’s is so damn wet and soft. The teen had her boobies covered with that shirt of her’s.   Those pussy lips were gripping my dick as if they don’t want to let go. At one point, the sweet ass step-daughter of mine switched a position in a reverse cowgirl one. The ride was incredible. These teens know how to ride a dick! In contrast to her mother she rode my dick like a slut in a porn movie! I felt her insides all throughout my dick. I wanted to explode inside of her so bad. My whole groin region was trembling from the pleasure that her young pussy was giving me. I knew I wasn’t gonna last anymore so I made her assume the position and I finished all over her sweet ass mouth. She was a huge tease all throughout this period and I just had to fuck her. She went off to college after high school but when she came to see us, I fucked her every time. Her mom had no clue. 