My step-sister has just gone mental. She is a hot blonde who is a bit ditsy, but she has a super sexual vibe about her. That is all cool and all but it is my step-sister we are talking about here. She just got an offer to make a porn video and she is actually thinking about doing it. It is paid $1000 bucks and she is willing to sell herself short. She needs someone to make a video with and who do you think she had in mind? Yes, me! She just saw my dick and she knows it is big and all her girlfriends in school love big cocks. My sister does have a sexy body, has a good talk and once she showed me her boobs, I got horny. I figured, fuck it, why not. We are step-siblings, it is not as if we are actually related. When she took off her panties and started to finger fuck her smoking hot vagina, that was the time when I decided that I was going to fuck the crap out of her. She was rubbing her vag before me and she was talking me in with the reason that mom was gonna be back in the evening. She had me way before all of this, so I decided to show her what I’ve got. I told her okay, we could fuck, so she reached over and started to stroke my cock and gobble the crap out of that. My step-sis even made noises that were spit inflicted. Taking her both hands to grab my cock, the blonde on my cock went hardcore on that cock. That was the first time we fucked. The second time I fucked her was when I picked her up from school. We did it in my car. My pole was so damn hard that it didn’t take much for her to sit on it and ride me as if I was riding a bouncy doll. Her boobs were right in front of me and my step-sis was moaning like crazy. That dick got her so damn horny that she started to ride me like a nut case. She needed my sperm so bad and she was also going for her release. Damn, I have a super hot step-sister, who I’m fucking. I’m a bastard, I know. The third time we did it was a bit relaxed. My slutty sis was now used to my cock so the last time we did it it was in bed and she was all over me. She wanted that pecker in her so bad that we did it in a cowgirl position and the whole time, my step-sis was riding me like a cowgirl. That dick made her tremble in her cunt. Her nipples were rock hard and her pussy was leaking pussy juices all over my Johnson. Then, we did it doggy style so that I can see her ass. There was a tattoo on her back that I didn’t know she had. It was awesome. The best part was her perfect ass and her pussy that had the suction like nothing else I’ve had before. My sis did long throbs and she even swayed her hips. We needed to change the position, so the naked girl rode me again in a cowgirl position since my dick hit her pussy walls just right that way. It was time for me to cum, so I pulled the dick out of her and sprayed her all over her face with my baby chowder. 