Super hot hooker who has a short skirt, fishnet stockings and super big boobs is getting her trick. As she is doing so, the cop car sneaks right behind her as the customer was squeezing her massive juggs. What a bad luck. The cops put on their rotations on and there she was, running away, with her jumbo hooters jumping and bouncing like basketballs as she was trying to run away from them. There was the fence, the whore hopped on to jump over it, but due to the laws of gravity, her huge knockers were preventing her from reaching over since they here so heavy. The dark raven got caught and was placed in the cop car. While the two cops were talking to each other and having a nice tasty doughnut, the busty hooker tried to escape. The window was her best try so she placed her legs first over the window and needed to pull her torso out but she got stuck. Her boobs were her downfall. The female cop saw this and came over to teach her a lesson. She ripped her pink panties off, her stockings too, spat on her police baton and stuck it as deep as it could go in her pussy. She is a hooker, after all, she can take anything in there, right? The sexy babe loved the sensation. It was thick and big just like a cock she wanted so much. The two cops then opened the door with the hooker hanging on it and the male cop took his cum gun out of his pocket, placed a doughnut over it and gave the slut that rod to suck on. The cock suck was too damn hot. The busty babe was salivating all over that cop prick as the female cop was eating her cunt and her whole ass. It was a sight to see! I like when girls are acting like hookers.. big turn on. The male cop then came behind her and started fucking her on the hub of the car. The bitch took that with desire and anxiousness at the same time. The female cop was getting ready to get her pussy some action. She climbed the hub with her pants off and she spread her legs. The panties were off and the hooker was eating and licking her pussy as the cop fucked her deep and wet pussy like a beast. Then, the naked babes assumed the position where the male cop could fuck her cunt and the female cop could mash on the hookers tits. It was a match made in heaven. The three of them were doing all sorts of sexual shenanigans that were probably against the law. The bitches even made out as the pussy was getting fucked. Her clit was flicked by the brunette female cop who by now wanted that cock for herself. The partners then started fucking.   That pussy was glistening and was wet like a water fountain. The hooker was still there sucking on the pulled out cock with all the saliva and stuff. There were man and woman juices all over the place. The cops were fucking and there was even a reverse cowgirl position that took place. At one point the female cop squirted as she had the best dicking of her life. Both naked girls took turns riding his fat dick and squirting all over the hood of the police car. It was safe to assume that the hooker was gonna be let free but the cops were about to become the best cop duo in the history of their police station. The dude blasted all over the naked girls and gave them their sperm loads. It was the best arrest that these two have ever made, one that won’t end up in the official books. Don’t miss more stunning porn videos with the hottest babes ever!