A precious brunette teen was caught stealing from the store. The security of the store placed her in the holding room and as she was all alone, the small titty teen hid some things that were supposed to bring her down in her pussy. The security guard came in and told her to strip down, or he is going to call the police. By the law, he is supposed to do so, so the teenage girl obliged. She took her clothes off and her small titties were exposed along with her lovely little pussy. She had a muff on top of her cunt and her whole body was amazing looking. A smooth, tight ass, boobs that were small but suckable and a face that screams of innocence. The guard then told her that he is going to strip search her. Since the naked girl hid the evidence in her pussy, he had to go inside her pussy. He was rubbing her cunt, and this drove the already anxious teen wild. The naked shoplyfter obeyed when the old man put his finger into her pussy. She was enjoying the experience but the whole thing was a bit too much for her. As the guard recognized her hesitation, he started to lead her. He whipped his cock out and gave it to her to suck on it. It was a big fat bulbous pecker. The teen had no choice but to give it a suck. She gave him a few pumps before she asked if she can leave. If you do the crime, you have to do the time. He instructed her to get down on her knees to suck on the cock a bit better. By now, the brunette delectable cutie was fully aroused. She didn’t know if she is supposed to do all the things the security guard asked her, but she liked it. Once the honey was bent over on the table for a doggy style fuck, her pussy was glowing hot, and it was wet as it could get. Then, she mounted his dick and rode him reverse cowgirl on the chair. The dude fucked her so good that he wanted to stick it in her asshole. Her butt took the whole thing and this was the anal checkup that the guard wanted to perform the whole time. It was time for him to end his body search, so he spunked all over her ass once he’d finished fucking it. The crime was never filed. Don’t miss more amazing spycam amateur sextapes with young naked girls from horny shop guards! 