Don’t miss this amazing scene if you like lesbian seduction, pussy and ass licking, mom and daughter or MILF and teen lesbian sex scenes! This is the new meaning of maternal love! The milfy cougar is showing her sexy step daughter the ropes in how a cake is supposed to be baked. The horny mom immediately gives her a recipe that involves her taking those short shorts off and spanking her tight teen ass. The cougar has a hot pair of boobs that the ditsy teen sucks on. Her boobies can’t match the cougar’s, but they are still firm enough to pass. Then, the teen is getting fingered by the cougar who is eager to suck on the beautiful teen’s wet pussy that’s hungry for some penetration. She spreads her legs and lets the milf do her magic. She is finger fucking her, stimulating the G spot and she is also licking her pussy and her clitoris. The horny mom shares her sexual wisdom and experience with the young teen. I just love scenes with shy and innocent teens getting seduced by sexy, more experienced older woman. The moans of the teen are a good tell that the teen wants it. The girls switch the positions and here is the cute nubile, eating the milf’s shaven pussy. She is eating it out as the beautiful naked woman moves her hips to adjust the angle at which she wants to be licked. Even her ass needs some attention. The cute teen places her tongue in her ass and eats it all out as if it is a cake that she is currently making, or so she thinks. Eating that pussy is the main priority of the cougar. Spit is placed on top of her cunt and the adventurous brunette is licking it in circles. It is evident that the milf has baked a cake before since her muff is gone, it is all shaved and clean. The naked girls once again switch the positions and now it is the lovely youngster who has her pussy eaten out by the milf. Her tongue gives her the best swirls and the best tongue pokes that the brunette can barely contain herself not to cum. Then, as the sensations start to intensify the two bitches assume the sixty-nine position and stars fucking in that way. The young teen lesbian is eating her pussy salad the best way possible and the cougar is doing what she does best. Both of the lesbians are reaching their climax as the warmth inside of their pussies is becoming stronger and more intense. Step mom and step daughter both cum at the same time, leaving the cake unmade but fuller with this lesbian experience.  