My step-sis is such a tomboy that she wanted me to help her out with her boxing training. She can’t hit properly, she actually hits like a girl, but I let her believe that she is super bad. This got her all heated up and she was hyped. Then, my long hair brunette sis took her panties off and she boxed for a few hits with nothing but her lingerie on. Her ass was hanging out and I couldn’t help stare at her perfect cute little ass, her perky titties and her protruding pussy mound. She finished with her training session and went to the shower. I walked in and I saw her licking her fingers as she was fully naked, masturbating her wet pussy. My naked step sister was shy for a few seconds, but I saw that she wanted me to be naughty. I walked in, she slowly spread her legs in front of me and I started to suck on her pussy, sticking my tongue into her pussy and lapping her sweet nectar. I went hardcore on her sensitive clit. My step-sis loved it and she was moaning like a kitty, having an oral orgasm. Then, the cutie went on her knees and started sucking on my cock. It went all the way to her throat. The teenage girl knew how to gobble my meaty flute. Even with both of her tiny hands, she couldn’t have the whole thing in. I recorded all of this in POV so you guys can see just how crazy this cock suck was. From all of this foreplay action, I couldn’t help myself, so I placed her on the counter and pointed my dick towards her tight pussy. My hot step sister wanted my dick so bad in her little pussy! I watched as my dickhead, then my entire dick disappeared deep into her cunt. Her pussy was so tight! I started fucking her fast. At one point I even lifted her up and filled her pussy with my pecker deeply and with passion. The whole time, she was kissing me. Then, I placed the young naked girl in a doggy style position with her one leg on the counter. I had a right angle so I could stuff her with nice long strokes since my cock was so long. The pussy was so soft and warm that I thought that I was going to bust then and there inside of her super hot cunt. After this, my naked sister sat on my cock as I was on my back on that toilet floor. It felt so damn good. Her clit was being flicked by her and we had a super hot sex session that was bringing us closer and closer to an orgasm. I fucked her all over the bathroom. I had to bust but I was too far gone anyway and couldn’t pull out if I wanted to. I slammed my cock into her hot cunt and unloaded a torrent of cum into her! I slammed into her again and again, making her cunt squirt with my cum.  