This black cheerleader was the slut of the high school. She came to the jock’s apartment to study, but the only thing that she wanted to study was his cock. There was no introductions or any of the stupid foreplay moves. The teen went right on for it. Her pussy was opened wide, the boobs were right in front of the jock and the sexy black girl waited for him to make the move. The dude was ready and he sucked on her tits at first, so that the black princess gets used to his soft and tender touches. Her black almond eyes were wide and her pussy was eager to be licked out. The jock went in and started mashing with his tongue. It felt so good to the ebony cheerleader. It was as if a wave of a release let something out of her loins and she felt better but the feeling was still lasting. Dude was inside of her pussy, eating her out and she wanted his dick instead of his tongue. She was that aroused. Before the teen gets what she wants, it is the jock’s turn to get what he wants first. He’s a pimp, he knows how things go. Set the rules beforehand and the bitch will follow them and respect him. She understood that she needed to suck on his cock a bit. While wearing his college jacket, the big boobs brunette started sucking on his long erect pecker. He placed his hand over her head to help her out with the thrusts. Jock fucked her wet mouth and it wasn’t long before the beautiful college cheerleader figured out what he likes. The whole time she is staring in his eyes. As the black temptress is gagging on that long Johnson, she is thinking about moving in for the kill. She wanted the dick in her so bad that she couldn’t suck the thing anymore. Dude bent her over immediately and gave it to her doggy style. She even impaled her black pussy against his rod. The teen has a hot ass. One could tell that she is horny as fuck but that she doesn’t have too many experiences. That’s all good since here he is her prince who could teach her a couple of new moves. As he’s ramming his penis inside of her moist cunt, she is rubbing her inside of the pussy against his dick. She likes that. Then, her cute ebony ass had to do all the talking so she sat on the rod in a cowgirl position so that the dude could thrust her underneath. At one point the black teen started to fuck him back and they were both getting lost in the haze of their sexual chemistry. They were sex drunk and they had no idea who was doing what. She was humping his dick, covering it with her pussy and he was banging her with powerful thrusts. Later on, they switched the positions and it was her, completely naked riding him in a reverse cowgirl position. The black naked girl was screaming and panting, since she was annihilated. Sweat came pouring out of her pores and her boobs were bouncing like two milk bags that wanted to burst. He rubbed her beautiful pussy as he was poking the insides of her pussy. It was a sight to see.   The black teen was staring intensely into his eyes as she took his thrashing, pounding his hard white dick deep into her vagina. She wanted to see God in his eyes but all she got to see was the dude who stared her back telling her with that look that she is his sex toy now. That, she will cum like she never came before. He plowed her sideways and he grabbed her one leg and started kissing on it. That fat dick inside of her made her explode inside of her pussy. It was that good. BAM! She came all over his cock and let the pussy juices run down his shaft leaving her pussy all milky and sticky. Once the jock felt this on his dick, it turned him on so much that he had to blast. He took out his dick mid-thrust and exploded all over her black pussy pie. The cum dripped into her asshole. Download more videos with hot and horny ebony valley girls. Teen ebony porn has never been so cool with all these sneaky sex scenes.