Me and my friend were just chilling in the park as he noticed a hot brunette babe doing yoga. She is an instructor and by the looks of her, she is doing sexy yoga. This girl is smoking and there is no other word that could describe her, a perfect babe with amazing big tits. We came up to her and she was super friendly, so we responded in a like manner. My friend was a bit hastier and he flirted with the busty lass with his body more than with his words. As he was doing a yoga stance that she showed him, the dark raven reached out, dropped his shorts down and started sucking on his dick. We saw her boobs since it popped out a moment ago, but she didn’t get mad or anything. We knew what she wanted. The hot yoga babe wanted us and our cocks. Now, she is sucking on my buddies hard dick and he loves it. The yoga instructor is doing it like a pro. She is a stunner and a good bitch at that. My buddy went one step further and he ripped her yoga pants off so that he could fuck her from the back. This was so damn hot. You could tell that she was too aroused and her bubbly ass was yearning for a dicking of a lifetime. Her pussy was tight and the bitch’s boobs were saucy and they were dangling like basketballs. In a second, the busty babe got her pussy sucked and she blew my friend’s dick in a sixty-nine position. The best naked yoga position I’ve seen! It was a sight to see. Then, the yoga instructor assumed the reverse cowgirl position and she rode the cock like a phenom. My bud was riding her like a bull, he wanted that pussy so bad. Her boobs were huge and she was the hottest yoga instructor we’ve ever seen. Since she is so flexy and she knows all of the yoga positions, my bud fucked her in all these weird poses. That bubble butt was the star of the show in all of the angles. I wanted to fuck her too, watching the two of them got me hard. This is one yoga teacher who really knew how to work a man’s chakra. She managed to cleanse out his root chakra with a sloppy cum release after a super hot and horny fuck in the park. 