I found this blonde stunner near a convenience store. She looked too damn hot for me not to approach her. I started fooling around with her for a few minutes before I saw that she was a real wild one. The blonde bitch was a sexually charged girl and I knew I had to do something with her. Luckily, I had a camera with me and a wad of cash on me so I thought, maybe I can bag this teen. She seems dumb enough, I might try it and see where we end up. I chatted with her for a few and then I proposed to her if she would suck my dick I’d give her a $100. She didn’t hesitate. She took the $100 from the bundle and she reached down to take my cock out. The blonde honey was surprised at how big my dick was. It didn’t stop her from sucking me off though. She reached and started to suck it gladly. It felt good. I loved how her mouth felt and how soft and wet it was. Man, I love my life and convenience store sluts.  We went into the garage that was near so that we don’t get interrupted. That cock disappeared into her mouth but her boobs appeared. The cute teen took her boobs out as she was gobbling and gargling on the pecker. At one point she even lost her breath as she was choking on the thing. My balls were attractive to her so she sucked on them too. After a while, she took her panties off and she showed me her ass and her pussy. I had to reward her and I gave her $200 more so that she keeps doing what she’s already doing so good. As she was telling me some dirty things, the random naked girl sat on my dick and started humping me as hard as she could. Even her clit needed some attention so she rubbed on it as if she wanted to cum right then and there. Her soaking wet pussy was soft, moist and pink. The hot blonde had some lovely soft boobs. They were natural. I love naturals. I also liked how her face looked once she reached the point of no return on my dick. She made all these sex faces that I’ve never seen before. It was as if she was about to cum but she can’t cum so she’s in a sex limbo. It was so damn impressive. Her twat was too hot for me. I watched it swallow my dick whole and after I saw that, I wanted to see what the teen can do with her ass. I bent the sexy naked girl over for a reverse cowgirl position so that she can hump my dick the raw way. Oh man, it was tremendous. She had the power to crush my dick then and there with her pussy lips, it was that tight. Those soft pussy lips, drenched with her cunt juices were making he nuts. I wanted to nut inside of her so bad but I wanted to last just a few minutes longer just so that I can see what this big ass blonde teen has to offer. I had to fuck her doggy style, so she bent over and I came from the back. I slowly stuck my dick inside of her and immediately started thrusting like a madman. The teen loved it so much that she screamed all throughout the plow. I was the man. I had this hottie on my dick and I was fucking her any way that I wanted. Then we tried the missionary position on a brown leather couch that was there. I dicked her with all my might and she rubbed her clit with all that she had in her. She was trembling. I fucked her so hard that she came on my dick like two times already. She had enough. I didn’t have enough but I had to nut. My dick was about to explode but I wanted to save that explosion to her face. Just barely, I managed to pull out and cum all over her tits. We went our separate ways after that. 