Being a father is not an easy duty to fulfill, especially when you have a daughter who has slutty friends. This poor father had to go through this ordeal with his daughter’s sexy friend. The daughter brought her one day from college to hang out with them. She was a good-looking, brunette named Adriana. As the daughter went to do something in the other room, Adriana went into her room to masturbate. She was supposed to be behaving but she couldn’t help her craving for the hot DILF she found at her friends house. The father came in and saw her and got all ashamed and clumsy. It was cute. He went into the bathroom to confess his sins to himself but he couldn’t since Adriana followed. You can tell that she is a real college slut. She started washing her teeth as her naked ass was hanging out, along with her pussy exposed and she was shaking it as if she was saying, take me, big boy, what are you waiting for. The father got so aroused, especially when the teen slut took his cock out of his pants and started sucking it. It was big. That was one big cock. The horny girl went hard on that thing. She even deepthroated the dude before he placed her on the counter and gave it to her in her pussy. Her big boobs were hanging and she was getting fucked by that massive pecker. The father even flicked her clit so that she gets even more aroused. They went to the jacuzzi and they fucked there. Adriana was a wild one and she wanted to fuck in all the weird places. The slut wanted to cum and she wanted to cum bad. The father was in the jacuzzi, jerking on his cock as Adriana was getting ready to squirt all over his face. As a finger went up her ass, she exploded all over his face, squirting, cumming and peeing right in his open mouth. Then, the crazy naked slut spread her legs against the jacuzzi and impaled herself on his long phallus. It was a wild fuck. She was screaming and moaning since she was so tender from her squirting, but she wanted some more of the same. Of course, she squirted once again all over the dude’s cock that she immediately started sucking on. After that, they did it doggy style. They just went wild with it and Adriana showed him why they call her the campus slut queen. The father couldn’t stop cumming all over her face and she ate every single drop of it like a beast in front of her friend, his daughter! 