Having a step-sister who is hot and attractive might be a hard thing to swallow if you have to watch her every day strutting her ass and teasing you. To top it all of, you have a step-mom who is almost as hot if not hotter than the step-sis. This is a situation where our teen stallion ended up in. He was finger fucking his blonde teen sister. She was enjoying the fuck but the step-mom came in and she caught the teens doing it. It was awkward! She fled the room and her bro was left to explain himself to the cougar mom. The teenage boy started explaining himself, saying that his step sister let him see her pussy which he had never seen before and the sexy mom understood. To show him just how much she understood, the milf let the boy see her boobs and even her pussy. He said his step mom that he was a virgin and she invited him to stick his dick in her cunt! He needed to know everything about sex. If she showed him, he wouldn’t be curious anymore and the finger fucking would stop, the step-mom figured. As she was figuring stuff out, the erect and aroused dude was fucking her pussy, slowly at first but as he got more and more used to her cunt, he started speeding up. His virgin dick was so sensitive and he came in like a second, right in his mom’s cunt!!! The boy just didn’t expect it, his mom didn’t expect it too! She was lying in front of him with her legs spread open and a big creampie was oozing out of her cunt. The step-mom had to talk to the step-daughter about sex and what had just happened. They started talking and the teen admitted that she has the hots for his dick. With the step-mom’s philosophy, she had to suck his dick so that she stops thinking about it. The two of them came into his room and the skinny blonde teen started sucking his cock. The teen put her best effort into it since she had the step-mom instructing her how to do it properly. His balls never had attention like this before. Even the mom joined in the cock suck before the blonde slut got that dick stuck in her virgin pussy. She was fucking the step-bro as if it was the dirtiest thing she did in her life. As she was doing so, her step-mom’s pussy was before her, ready to be eaten up. This was something that these teens didn’t expect, but it was so wrong that felt so damn right. The MILF showed the teens just how to please sister’s pussy by fucking her from behind, and brother’s dick by riding it. The young man who was getting the best sex ed of his life came all over the blonde teen’s ass and the mom rubbed it all over her boobs.  