I love my babe. She is a blonde tiny framed cock rider who is into her video games and all the hedonistic stuff that you can imagine. She loves to have fun any way possible and if it’s sex, the better. This time I caught her playing video games and she was on a live feed. I had an idea of fucking her while all of the dudes on that board can hear her. So, I came at her and I pulled her panties aside and started rubbing her beautiful pussy. She was already wet. That’s my girl. Then, I began rubbing her G spot even harder and she responded very well. She spread her pussy lips to show me her pink clit. I finged fucked her harder and harder, feeling her vagina walls as my fingers went in and out. All of the dudes on her game probably started to masturbate since she was loud. I gave her my cock. The blonde gamer went right on that thing like a hypnotized zombie. She put down the controller and blew my dick so damn good I almost lost it. She was kissing, licking and sucking on my balls. She pulled her soaked panties, laid on her back with her head hanging over the edge of the sofa and I stood over her face and fed her my cock, jerking it off with her lace panties. She enjoyed my dick in her mouth masturbating her pussy at the same time. That chick is my gf for a reason. I know how good she is in bed, so I had to remind myself one more time. She spread her gorgeous pussy with her hands, stretching her labia for my dick. I started to play with her pussy, rubbing her clit with the head of my dick, teasing her opening and making my babe beg me to fuck her. I placed my cock right underneath her and told her to sit down on it. She lowered her pussy onto my dick and once she adjusted to it, it was on. Up and down, down and up, she was fucking me at a fast pace and her hips were thrusting as if they were possessed. I call her my little fuck doll. That pussy had a landing strip on it but the rest of it was so damn smooth. My hot naked girlfriend started rubbing on her clit like a mad women until she had a leg shaking orgasm, her legs were shaking uncontrollably as orgasm after orgasm surged through her petite body. SHe stoped riding me and just enjoyed her orgasm, I could feel her vagin, it clamped around my dick as she was cumming. She was fucking me in a cowgirl position the whole time, but I know how hot her ass was. My tiny girl has a cute bubble butt, one that loves to be slapped around. This was something that my gf loved. Getting raw and rough. So, I fucked her pussy doggy style but the whole time I was rubbing her ass ring hole so that she gets aroused and maybe welcome me inside of her, from the back. I was thrusting her, deeply. My thick cock was so rigid that I could probably brake a brick with it like a karate sensei by now. That pussy made me invincible. As I was imagining myself being Mister Miyagi, how she is waxing me on and waxing me off, my already buffed up cock was destroying her.   My horny girlfriend placed two fingers up her ass and she stretched that asshole so wide that I could enter with ease. I was thinking about it, but her pussy felt so good that I couldn’t. I felt so good inside of her vagina. She was moving her hips so good that I wanted to stay in her as long as I could. I fucked her from behind with wild abandon, encouraged by her voluptuous moans of pleasure and she slammed her ass against my balls, making me fuck her deeper and harder. I fucked her for maybe two hours, pounding her pussy, fucking her mouth, before I blew my load into her cute little pussy. We moaned together and my semen filled her vagina. It drove her crazy and I felt her own orgasm around my cock as she was shuddering, still being impaled on it. That’s my gamer girl, she loves it.