I knew that our new nanny is supposed to come in for an interview any time now so I hopped in the bathroom to take a shower. I figured, if she can figure out what it is that I want then she can get the job. The nanny was a hot teen who has a nice slim figure and a face that made you melt. She wore high heels and she was a hottie. As I was taking a shower, I got a huge boner thinking about all the things that I would do to her if she walked in on me right now. What do you think she did? The stunner did just that! My cock was semi erect and once the girl opened the shower door, she saw my dick. took it and started sucking on it. Her boobies were waiting to be released. I recorded it all in POV as the teen nanny was gobbling up my dick and the bitch was gagging on it like a fiend. The slut even used fingers to gag herself. That nanny was a nut. The way that pecker was eaten out was something else. Three weeks later I had our sexy nanny in my bed. Sleeping at work was a bad thing and the slut knew what the punishment would be. You can hear the sounds of spit, cock and her throat as she is getting wild all over that throbbing thing. I had to fuck her pussy. I finger fucked her ass and then I fucked her teen pussy. That little hole of her’s was so damn tight I almost exploded in her puss. Man, I had to explore that ass since she is a hottie like I’ve never seen before. I pressed the dick and it slipped into her asshole, through her tight anus and I fucked that hole like a champion. The feeling was amazing! The fuck was so damn hot. Her ass was shaking as I rocked her in a cowgirl position. The bitch was loud but she was so damn hot, I had to cum in her ass and give her my semen so she remembers why I actually hired her. The nanny was exactly what I needed. I even made her squirt so she really owes me a hell of a nanny job. I felt her anus clenching rhythmically on my dick, so I began to squirt my cum in her ass, I just couldn’t stop driving up into her as best as I could. Her tight asshole felt too good to stop. Her anus convulsed around my shaft and the white cum squirted out with each my thrust. 