My wife didn’t like the idea of a swinger party but I could convince her! I heard about such key swingers parties where you get to fuck random people and you never know who you are going to end up with. See, this has a downfall also, just like in our party that we’ve been. My wife ended up with an old fart who was too damn eager to fuck her, but she was bummed out since she didn’t want to fuck him. Oh well. On the other hand, I ended up with a blonde bitch who was too eager to suck on my penis. We went in a bedroom to get freaky with each other but she was nuts from the start. She was shaking her sexy ass and talking dirty to me. I could tell that I was about to have a great time with her. The way she was staring at me was an indication that this was going to be a hell of a ride. The blonde cock gobbler spat on my dick and she went mental for the dick. I even helped her out a bit as her head needed some support. As this was going on, my wife ditched the old fart and she came into the room to see what I was up to. I was eating the crazy nut’s pussy and she was begging me to do so. Her cunt was smooth and sweet, I loved the taste of it. Man, that bitch was a wild one. My wife wasn’t impressed. She was standing there, watching. She didn’t like that I was eating this slut out. The two of the girls went into a verbal scuffle and the blonde’s side of the argument was that she was horny and that she should join us if she’s not going to fuck the old fart. The blonde pulled my wife onto bed, took her panties off and started licking her wet pussy. My hot babe adored it. She was reaching for her boobs and then, the both of the girls began to suck on my cock. It was amazing and the girls looked like twins! I recorded it all in POV so that I can see my own amateur porn later on. Man, I was so horny now and I wanted to fuck the crap out of the both of the sluts. The blonde who I didn’t know was the first to ride my cock. As she was humping me the bitch was talking dirty and was kissing on my naked wife. My dick did the job and then my wife reached and sucked the pussy juices all over the pecker. My wife is such a beautiful woman. She had the help of the blonde who was a cock hungry whore and would do anything for a dick. I continued after my cock was sucked. The naked blondes were kissing each other as I was just giving it to the babe. They even had a show of their own where they had cunnilingus. My bae was the one who received it and I had a sight to see. It was mesmerizing. I couldn’t take my eyes off of the spectacle.   I had enough of the missionary so I wanted to plow the whore doggy style. Her ass was talking to me, so I wanted her from the back. As she got my dick she was insatiable. I didn’;t even have to fuck her she was doing all the humping. It was crazy the way she was impaling herself onto the dick. There was my hot wife, still watching, helping the little blonde big ass slut reach her orgasm with my dick. It was apparent that the dude didn’t give it to her like I did so she wanted to make the best of the situation. Then, we switched the positions and the naked girls went for the reverse cowgirl, where I could see their asses. The slut was humping me like a fiend. Twice the perky tits, double the blowjobs, and more tight ass than I could handle! I just couldn’t last anymore, so I told the girls to assume the landing position. They did, so I nutted all over their amazing faces. I gave it to the girls so good, they were kissing and licking my cum of each other. This is why these swinger parties can be so damn cool.