New doctor Kelly is nuts about her bf. He is in the hospital and she is worried about him. His mental health is her no.1 priority but some slutty patient sneaks into her bf’s room, climbs into his bed in nothing but a hospital gown. At first, the dude is worried they’ll be caught in the hospital together but when the sexy babe slips her hands under his blankets to check that his cock is in good shape, all the stud can think about is her sweet pussy. The hot teen babe is naked with her bush revealed! The dude is rubbing her clit and she wants him so bad. His dick is fully erect so the cutie sits on the dick and starts riding it reverse cowgirl style. He gives the slut the deep fucking she wants and she’s cumming loudly over and over. It is obvious that the teen doesn’t give a fuck. As the dude is fucking her soaking wet pussy she is staring at his balls. The bitch is slamming herself onto his dick, they are both out of their minds horny. This ride is something that the both of them need. As the teen is about to finish him off, his girlfriend, the doctor comes in and caught them naked, she is in shock. After Dr. Kelly catches her boyfriend cheating in his hospital room, she runs to the break room to compose herself. Just when it seems her medical career is over before it began, head doctor arrives. Shocked to see how Dr. Alexis is treating the young resident behind his back, he decides to make her feel better in his office. There the young doctor gets familiar with his anatomy with a long, sensuous blowjob. The delectable babe gets naked and sucks on his dick. Then, once that is done, the young naked girl sits on that fat dick and rides it on his desk. The sight of such a small body getting impaled with such a fat dick is something to see. Her pussy lips are clenching on the dick with desire. At that same time, her now ex boyfriend from the beginning is finishing the job with the slut teen. This hospital is crazy, it seems as if everyone is fucking everyone. The nurse gets spunked on and the brunette teen from the beginning gets her fair share of man goo. This is one video that has so much drama, sex and fucking that you’ll wish to be a patient in a hospital like this. Of course because of the sex, not the illnesses. DON’T MISS all three parts of this madness! 