I have this neighbor who I hate. He is a snobby bastard who is continually bickering about the small things that are going on in our neighborhood. He always has idiotic comments to say, and I just hate him. The whole block hates him since he is a big shot Wallstreet broker and it is apparent that he’s an asshole. A douchebag asshole. Well, there are good things about him too. He has a smoking hot wife, who we all would love to bang, the guys in the neighborhood and he has a teen daughter who is an eye candy. She is 19, a blonde and she is sexy as fuck. My God, just by a glance a man could cum. Here’s the deal, I managed to get her to come to my home when my wife and her parents were away. The sexy blonde teen started flirting with me, one thing led to another and here we are, with her, taking her blue panties off, revealing her nice round ass and her gorgeous pussy. She has a meaty pink clam and she is not shy in showing it off. I have always loved eating pussy and hers was wonderful. She just enjoyed dancing naked for me with all her private places completely exposed, spreading her ass cheeks and her amazing pussy! I have never seen a girl play with her pussy like that. The neighbor’s daughter was so sexy! What a beautiful pussy she has! I took my cock out and gave it to her. The small teen was amazed at how big it was. It didn’t take long for her to start sucking on it and the blonde siren did it with spit and vigor. At one point she even exclaimed that it was the best cock ever. I recorded all of this in POV and I plan on crushing my neighbor’s soul with this amateur video. I plan on annihilating his little daughter’s pussy. She is a slut after all so no harm done there. Anyway, I never had a cock suck like this before. The slut was nasty, she even sucked my balls and she managed to grab both of them with her mouth. The skinny teen was a talent. Then, once I had enough of the cock suck, I wanted to plug her pussy up. The mesmerizer was on her back, pussy open and I went in. I slid my phallus deep into her big cunt and went to town with it. I fucked her so bad and it felt so good. I have a big cock and she has a deep pussy so we were a match made in heaven. Her small boobies were hard but her pussy was getting plowed like it was the best thing in the world. My neighbor’s daughter then assumed the position of a cowgirl. That ass started working like crazy on my huge cock. The beautiful young naked girl couldn’t stop humping and grinding her wet swollen cunt against me. It was as if she was possessed or something. The way her hips worked was terrific and one could tell that she had so much experience that her father would die from shame if he only knew. Well, after I leak this home video, he will know. The bastard. His slutty daughter ravaged me with sexual moves. Her whole ass was on top of my cock and she really got into the fuck at this point.   The naked girl switched the position and did the reverse cowgirl one. Her long legs did all the work and my cock got all the pleasure. Her big meaty pussy too. The whole time, the teen wouldn’t shut up. She was rubbing her clit and she wanted a massive orgasm. I planned on giving it to her. The teen was a tiny frame girl, but she had a nice bubble ass and it was an ass that I wanted to see move on my cock. So, we did it doggy style. I entered her from the back and started fucking her like a beast, slamming against her juicy buttocks and the teen girl could feel my cock head pounding up inside of her. She responded well and the tart wanted me to go even deeper. I have a huge cock, but there was nothing left anymore for her to stuff in her vast cunt anymore. Well, it was time for the money shot. I told the sweetie to come to papa, to lean back and open her mouth wide. She did all that I told her and I exploded in her beautiful face and mouth. I never officially released this tape, I wanted it all for myself.