I had a special birthday surprise for my lovely girlfriend, I hired an in-home masseuse to arrive and give my babe the rundown of a lifetime! By handing her some extra cash, I had the masseuse promise to give a massage that my girlfriend wouldn’t soon forget! I really wanted to give my babe a hot bday surprise! The girl who I hired was a brunette who had an exotic face for my taste and she had perfect ass and boobs. The masseuse told my girlfriend to lie on her back. She put some lotion on her tattooed back and started rubbing her back muscles. The brunette masseuse went slow, yet she had a firm grip. It was awesome. Then, at one point, the masseuse ripped her yoga pants off and my gf’s ass and her cunt was revealed. My wife immediately got wet inside of her pussy. The masseuse was an aggressive one, so she got my wife naked and the girls went right for the fuck. The two of them were rubbing their already moisty pussies together and they were having passionate sex. I couldn’t bevile it. It was too damn hot! My wife and some naked woman lock their legs together, simultaneously thrusting into each other and massaging their clits against each other. Then, the masseuse invited me into the mix. I jumped at the opportunity and got my cock sucked by my wife as the masseuse was eating her ass and pussy out. She was staring at ’me with those eyes as if she was trying to tell me that she was gonna fuck my brains out. My wife was between my legs gobbling on my dick, so I invited the naked masseuse to slobber all over my cock along with my blonde wife. The both naked girls did a smashing job giving me a blowjob. They even licked each other’s tongues and they even sucked my balls. Then, my wife jumped on top of my cock and started riding it. She was insatiable. I was holding her hand as all of those body juices were mashing up together, getting all warm from the inertion that my cock and her pussy were making. I love my wife so much. Especially now, that she invited a third party into our sex life. As I was fucking her in this remarkable cowgirl position, I wanted to feel the masseuse once again. The girls sucked my dick yet again and they talked dirty the whole time. That deepthroat my wife gave me was amazing. Still, I wanted this masseuses’ pussy. I bent her over as she was eating my wife out and I smashed the crap out of her. I went in deep and fucked her balls deep, then shallow, then deep again. Her pussy was gripping my dick like Mengele. As I was fucking her from the rear, she was finger fucking my aroused wife. That bitch sure had good hand skills since I’ve never seen my wife scream so much from a finger fuck. I will have to learn some of her moves.   I had to bang my wife for a few since I didn’t want her to get jealous. She lied on her back as I was fucking her, the masseuse was kissing me and rubbing my wife’s pussy and she was getting eaten by my wife. A tend position if you will. The naked babes had a good time together and good chemistry since the girls kissed and ate each other’s pussies the whole tile. I loved watching that. There’s nothing hotter than two sexy naked girls eating each other’s moisty cunts. I started to thrust even harder after seeing that. Then, the masseuse wanted some more of the cock. I gave it to her since she was so giving towards my wife. I had to reward her and rewarded I did. I couldn’t hold out any longer. I felt that my balls were beginning to quelch and that warm feeling on the tip of my cock was getting intenser. I had to bust and I had to do it now. I made the masseuse open her mouth wide. I came in her mouth and then she snowballed it to my wife. I knew she was a freak, I just had no idea how big of she was. One of the greatest sex of all time.