A succulent taco vendor girl got a sweet taco roll stuffed in her pussy today when me and my friend were just hanging out and shooting the shit. We saw her working in that truck and we thought that she was way too hot to be working in that crappy place. So, we wanted to cheer her up a bit and talk to her so we went up and started to flirt with her. As it turns out, she is a hot Latina who is a sex freak who just happens to be working here. Underneath that uniform, if we can call it that, she was naked. The brunette temptress didn’t have anything underneath, just her sweet ass that my friend was going to fuck later on. We talked to her, exchanged a few niceties, before my friend got a huge boner and made the girl touch it. Once she saw what he had in his pants, the taco vendor girl touched his roll. That’s how it all started. From there, she started sucking his dick. That long piece of meat was long and smooth. By the way, she was looking at it, you could tell that she wanted it. The way the hot Latina babe spat on that cock told us that my friend was about to receive one mean cock suck. She slobbered all over that thing, it was amazing to look at, even though I wasn’t the one receiving head like my friend did. Then, since she had an ass that was tight and revealing, my friend started touching it. One thing led to another and my friend took all of her clothes off besides her working garment so that he could fuck her and so that she could service the people who came for their tacos. She is a pro, so she wasn’t going to stop servicing and making money just because my friend is fucking her from the back. It was wild. That ass was shaking the whole time and it was so juicy to watch. Her pussy was nice, shaved and pink. He couldn’t resist licking her dripping wet pussy while the horny slut continued serving other customers! Once my friend placed the cock inside of it, the pussy meat swallowed his rod in an instant and you could see the suction that was going on as he was sliding it in deep. The pussy juices slid down his shaft as he was going up inside of her. Then, as this was going on, there were people, who the precious Latina serviced. How she managed to make tacos and fuck my friend’s salami was magic. It was time for her to get her’s. She closed the stand, climbed up her counter where she normally prepares the meat and she fucked my friend who was lying there, on his back with his Eiffel tower all erect, waiting for her to slide won that London Bridge. Once the naked babe felt him inside of her, she started to rock back and forth. It was a ride of her life. Her boobs were small yet just big enough so that my friend could cup them.   They fucked each other’s brains out in the taco truck in front of passersby. This bitch was a sex freak. It was obvious that she was a nympho and that she was just waiting for two fools like us to come along and fuck her hardcore like my bud did. Her thighs were nice and slim, so the naked girl had the strength to ride him in a reverse cowgirl position. Her ass was rubbing against his groin and he had a beautiful view to stare at as his cock was getting destroyed with her soft and wet cunt. Then, she placed her left leg on top of his shoulder and her pussy was open like a freeway in the morning. Those butt cheeks got tight and they were shaking so good. Her tat was revealed. She happens to have a tramp stamp on her lower back. Then, the crazy naked slut sat on the counter back again, so that my boy could fuck her like that. Her asshole was in the picture the whole time. It was puckered up but I am sure that if we asked her, she would have gladly fucked up her rectum. It just seemed to us that she was this kind of a girl. My boy came in her pussy all the way. The bitch was also cumming, she was having an orgasm right there on counter in front of me.