This blonde’s step-brother is an artist. He is into painting so he needs a model who is going to pose for one of his sketches that he needs for his art class. Since he only has his step-sister around him, he asked her if she is going to pose for him. She was hesitant, but the dude was pussy, so she agreed. The girl had a slamming body. Small perky tits, a nice ass, all tight, she was the perfect model for him. But, the bastard made her change clothes before him. It was for his art class he said. So, once the blondie started to change, she felt a bit of a tingle in her pussy. She got aroused. Once her top was off, we could see that the step-sis had pierced nipples. The blonde girl was gorgeous! The dude then sat her on his lap and slowly started to touch her beautiful young pussy. This got her even more aroused and it was on. From that moment on it was obvious that the two of them were going to fuck. He stood up on the table, took his wang out and gave it to her. The sexy teen babe reached, grabbed it and started sucking on it. It was the best art blowjob he had ever gotten, but he wanted more. The slim babe bent over for him so that her ass was up and her pussy open. It was go time. The dude started fucking her doggy style and gave it to her raw. They switched all kinds of positions. The most hardcore one was on the table, where the sweetheart was on it, with her lovely pussy to the edge of the table and he was there fucking her patiently with focus and determination. He had his mind set on making her cum. Since he had a nice fat penis, it felt good to her tiny pussy. He then took the petite naked girl into his arms, stood up and fucked her as he was standing up. The blonde was his sex toy, that’s how light she was. He stretched her ass for a bit so that her asshole could be revealed and she mounted him on that chair. His cock was her’s now. She did what she could with it, but it was so damn big compared to her small frame. He kept slamming into her vigorously, fucking his hard cock up into her wet sloppy pussy as her cunt gushed juice down her thighs. Then, her bro just exploded in her pussy as sperm gushed out of her pussy that had his dick still inside. Now that’s art! Don’t miss more the most petite and small and tiny young girls getting their little pussies fucked hard by big dicks. 