I don’t know if this has ever happened to you, but I just found out that my girlfriend is a pornstar. My brunette, busty girl wanted to tell me something and she just didn’t know how to do it or when to do it so she had to just shoot and see where the pieces fall. At the time she was wearing a provocative red lingerie and her bra. After I thought about it, she knew exactly what she was doing since what followed made me think that I got played, maybe. But, since I got an excellent fuck, I just didn’t give a fuck. There she was, in my living room, playing me a porn video. I was surprised about her choice of movies but what the hell… Then, she told me, that this was her and that she is in fact, a pornstar! I was shocked! I couldn’t say anything coherently but she kept on going. My girl told me that there are perks to having a pornstar girlfriend. As she told me that, she whipped my cock out and started sucking on it as I was watching a porn movie of her sucking someone’s cock in POV. Man, this was a weird Inception moment, I gotta admit, but a mighty cool one. My dick was disappearing and appearing in her mouth as if it was a magician. Her blowjob skills were awesome!!! I was recording the whole thing. She gargled my penis up and she kept going. I love her pierced tongue so that little ball on her tongue added an extra spice to the cock suck. She was always a master of blowjobs, but I didn’t know just how nasty she could get. Those sounds that my girl was making were making me hard as it is, but then, once she took her red bra off and revealed her huge juicy tits, that was the moment I knew I was going to marry this bitch one day. For now, I was gonna let her suck on my rod and titty fuck it. My pecker was getting massaged by her soft tits and I loved the way she was doing it. Her pierced belly made me want to fuck her pussy. It was as if my girl read my mind. She mounted my dick and started riding it in a cowgirl position. She leaned back and rode it as her huge boobs were bouncing up and down. I was watching her ride me and that TV behind her. Man, that was putting me in a strange headspace but her pussy was putting me in a better one, so I focused on that. That cunt was amazing. It was warm, soft, moist and tight. It felt so good on my dick. I could feel those sensations all over my shaft and I felt it in my groin as well. It was a warm, tingly feeling, one that made me want to explode in jet spurts but I held out. I tried to make my sexy babe cum on my pecker, so I kept going or rather it was her who was riding me.   My hot girlfriend switched her position to a reverse cowgirl one and I had a hot view of her juicy ass. It was big, round and bouncy. Her pussy swallowed my meaty rod whole and she rode it with fast strokes. By now, I was itching to cum. I wanted to explode so bad since that pussy was becoming tighter and tighter. I could feel it clench on my rod and it was as if it was trying to drain my sperm with that love hole. It was something else man, I tell you. I made my babe lie on her back so she can fondle on her big tits and her clit so that I could watch it as I fuck her cunt. I started going faster and faster. There I was, fucking my pornstar girlfriend and her pussy was on my dick. Those big boobs swaying, her beautiful eyes staring me back, that was it. I had enough. I had to cum. BANG! I shot my load all over her boobs and some hit her freckled pretty face. Once I came to my senses, I gave her my blessings in becoming a pornstar.