I have a girl who is a sex freak. The sweet brunette girl is always coming up with ideas of how she would spice up our love life. Some would call it love life, we call it hardcore fucking. At times, it surpasses the borders of regular sex and it slips into this place where we are just existing and fucking while we have some freaky scenarios around us. It’s cool, I must say. This time, my sexy girl was wearing her onesie. It is pajamas in a shape of a unicorn. She always has some interesting ideas to start off our sex sessions. I came into the room and saw her fooling around and I knew that I was invited to join her since those wristbands are not going to tie themselves up. My girl wanted to try BDSM after she watched 50 shades, so we were talking about having a BDSM fuck. So we did. I came up to her, kissed her a bit and I made her strip out of that unicorn onesie. I placed the straps on her wrists and her ankles gently and I took her blue bra off. There they were, her perky small boobs looking back at me as her nipples were hard as pencil erasers. She was ecstatic. My horny babe wanted me right then and there but that was the whole point. She had to wait for it. I wanted to make her so horny that she begs for it. That is the point where I become her master. As her legs were spread like that I started eating her out. I even used the sex toy. It was a Hitachi sex toy, the most powerful vibrator of them all. Once I placed that head of the dildo on her clit, my young naked girl went mental. It was too strong. I toned it down for a few notches so I just grazed her clit with it and licked her with my wet tongue. The combo of hard and soft made her go nuts for my dick. Okay, I let her out, took those straps off and made her get on her knees. She had a huge dick before her cute face to suck on. As she was being a nice girl I grabbed her pigtails and used them as handles. I recorded the whole thing in POV so I could share this with you guys. My babe was sucking me so strong but her ankles and her wrists were still cuffed. I wanted her to feel as my sex slave. I made her eat my dick as it was her last meal. Then, once I had enough of it, I entered her. I placed my naked babe on the bed, she was on her back and I entered her lovely pussy. It was so damn delicious. My girl is a small frame chick, small tits, but man, that pussy feels so good when you have a fat cock and a tiny pussy to stick it in. Those straps served a purpose as they were holding her legs and hung firmly in the air so I could fuck her without any interruptions from her legs. Damn, that pussy was talking to me. I had to see her ass. I flipped her over on her stomach and fucked that love hole as her asshole was staring back at me. That cute little ass is tight, firm, round, just the way I like it. I told her to mount me. I wanted to look at her as she was humping me. Once she sat on my mamba, my girl went mental. It was as if she was on a Formula 1 track or on a horse track riding a horse, me being the horse. She was insatiable. I loved how that cunt rode me and how my girl lost her mind. As I was being used for my pleasure rod I decided that I had enough. It was cum spraying time. I made her sit up, open her mouth wide and take my load. I exploded in her mouth and she swallowed the whole portion of my man juice. I love my naughty girl so much! 