I have some really fucked up neighbors living next door to me. I was just casually voyeuring on them since I like his hot gf. That bitch could make any man pop in three second. The two of them were fooling around. They are a couple who loves freaky sex and all, so they introduced cuffs into their bedroom. The busty blonde was all for it so she let her boyfriend cuff her. The fucking bastard then whipped her juicy boob out and showed her the sextape, it looked like the sexy babe cheated on him again. I had to take action. The fucker even left the house with her being all locked up and shit. I’m a hell of a man, so I confronted the loser, and he started acting all macho and shit, but since I’m into MMA, he could feel that I could fuck him up if I wanted to. I made him come back into the room and there she was, a blonde gorgeous angel, with one boob hanging out all cuffed up cussing the dude out. He had to be taught a lesson. So, we made him sit in the corner like a dunce and his girlfriend let me fondle her beautiful 100% natural big boobs. She even said that she likes it how a REAL man touches her boobs, not like this whimp right here. We cuffed his ass to the bed, she took my dick out and started sucking it. It was bigger than his according to her. The way she sucked on my thing was perfect. Tongued it, licked it, slobbered it, the bitch did all the things that a woman is supposed to while she has a man’s power rod in her hands. The bitch wanted my dick. I figured, why not. I made her sit on it. She placed her pussy over it slowly, so that she could feel me entering and spreading her wildflower. The large head of my cock slid into her slippery open cavity. Once on top, she started riding it. Her boyfriend watched me fucking his girlfriend. Her big boobs went flopping up and down, they were juicy. That bitch is a top 10 lais I’ve ever had. Her ass was speaking to me. Oh, I wanted to see that butt bounce off of my dick so I told her to switch the position and land on me, reverse cowgirl. I grabbed her arms and I started fucking her like a mad. I got addicted to that puss so fast it was like I took some Charlie. The whole time, her lame bf was there in the corner watching and listening to his girl fucking me. His sexy naked girlfriend let out a large groan each time I slammed into her gushing pussy. She grunted and moaned as I grabbed her hips pumping her faster. My thrusts were shaking the bed, her boyfriend could see my heavy balls slapping her girlfriend’s cunt. She begged “No, please don’t take it out, OHHH KEEP FUCKING ME! OHHH FUCK! MAKE ME CUM!” After a few minutes the hot babe was screaming “I’m cuuuummmming” as she reached orgasm, her beautiful body shaking and liquid gushing from her pussy.   I gave it to her ten times better than I would usually do it since I had a point to make, that I was the alpha male and that I had the bigger cock, not him. He’s a loser, a lame loser. Her asshole was even getting stretched out by my long strokes that at one point it was wide open ready for me to enter it. “I want you to FUCK MY ASS now, and cum inside of me!” she said, looking at her boyfriend! She spread her ass cheeks in front of me and I started slowly putting my dick into her ass, her back arched and her ass up high. “Shit man, she has never let me fuck her ass!” her bf was crying. That’s how you treat a lady! I wanted to fool around with her tits for a few moments and I wanted my dick to get sucked but I knew what my next destination was. After I had my fun, I laid her on the bed and entered that asshole. I jammed it down so hard that even her bf got a boner, it was that hot. I rammed my pecker in and out of that ass with motions that made her cum with her ass and I wanted to make this cumshot special. As I was reaching my orgasm, I started to cum and I couldn’t stop! Her naked body shuddered as my balls splashed their cum up her ass. Hot cum filled her ass so full it was running down across her cunt lips, she was happy!