These two naughty schoolgirls are on their worst behavior. The girls are always making noise and are acting raunchy in the classroom as the other students are doing their tests. The teacher of the class saw what was going on but since he already knows that these two are like this, he gave them a pass at first. The brunette schoolgirl wanted to make him aroused, so she lifted her checkered skirt and showed him her ass. The teacher looked at her perfect ass and liked what he had to see but still, his job was his no. 1 priority and so were his other students, who he wanted to teach a thing or two about discipline and authority. The two schoolgirls still didn’t come to their senses, the girls decided to eat each other right there in the classroom, underneath the table. The blonde teen ate her brunette friend out and the whole class got disrupted as the teen lesbians were making too much noise. The eating of the pussy was too saucy and the teens enjoyed themselves a little too much, so it caught the eye of the teacher. At first, he let this go on but then once he saw the two of them in the cunnilingus act, he brought the naughty schoolgirls in front of the class and spanked them with a cane. Later on, the brunette wanted to thank the teacher for that spank. She took his fat cock out of his pants and started blowing him, deepthroating him and it was unprofessional from him, but once he ripped her red lingerie off and started to savagely fuck her pussy, it was apparent that he didn’t give a fuck. He wanted to fuck these young sexy schoolgirls so bad so many times that now, once a teen pussy was right next to his cock, he was gonna fuck her as no other man has ever fucked her before. Without care as to how it felt for her, he slammed his huge cock into her little cunt, turning her into his fuck toy as he just pounded away at her tight little body, slamming into it again and again and again, destroying, stretching her little hole out and driving thrust. The teen slut sucked that huge cock after her doggy style in a very sloppy way. He even held her head as she was doing so. Her back of the throat got the most of that poke. It was time to fuck on the teacher desk. The young naked girl sat on his dick and rode it the best way she could! Since this was a punishment, wild hardcore sex went on and on, before the teacher came in her mouth and sent her home without panties and with sperm on the face. That was her punishment! 