This drop dead gorgeous brunette cougar wife enters the bathroom, removes her towel, exposing her mouth watering body and big tits while asking her man if he’s ready for her. But this man is not her husband, it’s her next-door neighbor and lover! While her poor husband is working his ass off to keep her happy, she’s working her ass off to keep his neighbor happy, LOL! The cheating wife sits on his face and wiggles that big bubble butt while he tongue lashes at her tight asshole and wet slit. She loves feeling that slick tongue giving her chocolate starfish a good licking before they fuck. I’d like the feeling of her luscious ass cheeks on either side of my face as I licked her ass crack! He spreads her butt cheeks apart with his hands and keeps fucking her asshole with his tongue, munching on her keister while she moans with pleasure. The naked babe turns the shower on, soaping up her body and lathering the big bubbles she has for tits, then she gets down on her knees so she can give her guy a blowjob. She likes to spit all over his huge cock to lube it up and get it ready for her dripping with pussy. She needs to have him inside her so bad! He bends her over and rams his cock deep inside her muff, pounding this bitch from behind and she’s really getting into it until she hears her husband’s voice downstairs! Looks like her husband decided to surprise her by coming back home from work earlier than usual, but the surprise is going to be on him if he finds out she’s not alone behind the shower curtain! To distract him, she grabs his hard cock and starts sucking and stroking it from behind the shower curtain, while her lover continues pounding her pussy from behind. Her husband blows his creamy load all over her big tits and lets her finish her shower while he goes grab a snack. The slut lies on her back over the edge of the tub so her lover can pound her tight cunt in missionary position, they are both so fucking turned on after almost getting caught cheating by her man! He puts the cheating wife sideways and continues banging her, lying on the bathroom floor so she can sit that big plump booty on his lap and rides on that massive dick until he blows his load and makes his escape before her hubby realizes she’s taking too long with her shower! 