After placing a couple of spy cameras around the house, driven by suspicion that our nanny wasn’t getting the job done, I reviewed the footage and saw our incompetent nanny totally naked by our pool and pounding her dripping wet pussy with one of my wife’s dildos! Not exactly what we are paying her for! I went outside and she was still there, what a shameless slut! While the principal called me to let me know my daughter was still sitting outside her school waiting for her to pick her up, this bitch was getting herself off in my pool, on my money! I decided this bitch needed to get punished by bondage orgasm, grabbing her and dragging her to the bedroom, where I strapped her to the bed by her wrists and ankles, and grabbed one of my wife’s vibrating wands, since she enjoys using her sex toys so much. As soon as I started using the toy on her meaty cunt, the naked girl started gasping, moaning loudly and squirming like crazy. She looked so fucking sexy trying to resist the inevitable orgasm as they finger fucked her while stimulating her with the vibrator and she shook uncontrollably, rocked by a massive climax. It was the most powerful orgasm in her life! Her punishment was still not over, I untied her and order her to get on her knees, whipping out my throbbing member and feeding her with it. The dirty little slut started sucking and stroking it on command. She drooled all over it and I smeared my cock all over her face while she sucked and licked my balls. I made her put her hands behind the small of her back, grabbing her head with my hands and fucking her mouth, ramming my cock deep down her throat. I threw the teen whore on the bed, spreading her legs wide open and thrusting my cock inside her gushing cunt, slamming her so hard in missionary position while the dirty little bitch rubbed her clit and clutched the bed sheets. She simply couldn’t stop cumming. I made her cum again, this time with my cock inside her pussy. I put the naked girl on top of my cock, impaled her pussy on it, making that juicy bubble butt bounce up and down my lap until I came. She looked captivating with cum on her cute face. I decided she could keep the job, she may be incompetent as a nanny, but she’s amazing as a submissive fuck slut! 