We had been fucking all morning and were taking a break in bed, but I still had a massive boner throbbing under my slip and my sexy blonde girlfriend was still also horny as fuck. She reached over, pulling down on my slip and exposing my morning wood with a dirty look on her face. She reached over and took her glass dildo, spreading her legs wide open and fucking her beautiful cunt with her sex toy while using her free hand to jerk me off. Man, I love watching my girl masturbating, she looks so fucking sexy and she makes me so damn hard. I caressed her chest, reaching under her bra, feeling her firm breasts and her erect nipples as we masturbated together looking into each other’s eyes. My sexy babe let go of her toy, ready to focus exclusively on my big hefty sausage, taking it in her little hands and guiding it inside her wet mouth, sucking, licking and kissing every single inch of my boner and my balls. I continued playing with her soft breasts as she got on her hands and knees, giving me head and moaning softly with pleasure. She lied on her back and spread her legs wide open, her pussy was gushing, her slit glistening with her pussy juices as I rubbed it with my fingers and her body trembled and squirmed. Her pussy is so gorgeous, big wet pussy lips, so meaty and juicy young cunt. I put my tongue on her. I found the top of her slit and put my tongue inside. Her pussy was so hot and her juices tasted incredible. I couldn’t help myself, I just started licking and sucking her puffy pussy and even her little asshole! She was ready for the taking, hopping on top of me. I held her tight against my body, fucking her pussy and stimulating her asshole with my fingers. I just let go and let her take control, riding on my huge cock in cowgirl position, squeezing it with her pussy muscles clamping my cock so hard, milking it. My beautiful naked girlfriend flipped over, leaning against me as I grabbed her ankles and pressed her legs together, pounding her hard and deep. With one hand I massaged her meaty cunt and with the other I played with her perky breasts, I know how much this turns her on. She got down on her hands and knees, spreading her butt cheeks with her hands and I fucked her doggie style from behind, my balls slapping against her tender butt cheeks, flipping her over one final time before I blew my creamy load and watched the priceless expression on her face. 