This gorgeous brunette and her friend just can’t believe how distracted their boyfriends can get when they watch the big game, so much so, they don’t notice how horny the girls are! Even when this sexy brunette flashes them with her tits, they remain unfazed, their eyes locked on the TV screen. Her blonde friend tries her best too, yet her beautiful pierced funbags have the same reaction, or lack thereof, as her friend’s. Since the guys are so busy with their game, the naughty girls decide to take care of their own pleasure with each other. Their loss! The blonde fondles the brunette’s gorgeous breasts, dropping to her knees and sinking her tongue deep inside her gushing slit. She kisses her pussy and licks it like a delicious ice cream cone that is slowly melting in her mouth. While her boyfriend eats her out as if her pussy was fast food, her friend feasts on her as if she was the finest dish in a five-star restaurant. The teen lesbian does it nice and slow, taking her time to savor every single lick of her mouth watering cunt. The girls go upstairs to the bedroom, leaving the boys downstairs with their silly game, and the naked brunette lies on her bed and spreads her legs wide open while the blonde strips naked in front of her, biting her lips in eager anticipation. She gets on top of her, performing a delicious 69, eating each other out with reckless abandon. Two young naked girls licking each other’s pussy in 69, awesome! While she plays with her breasts, the blonde spits on her pussy, spreading her saliva all over her cunt with her hands and masturbating her. Unlike her boyfriend, she knows exactly where and how to touch her, sending tingles up and down her spine and making her pussy gush like crazy. Soon she has two fingers inside her, fucking her hard, making her tremble and moan, begging for more and more lesbian pleasure. While her friend is finger banging her, she rubs her clit and reaches an incredible orgasm that makes her gush. Her sexy friend straddles herself on top of her, scissoring each other and rubbing their hot wet pussies together in a steamy tribbing while she reaches out and plays with her nice titties, feeling the piercings on her succulent nipples. The naked girls begin to buck their hips together, rubbing their clits against each other. “Slam that little clit against me!” They continue thrusting their naked bodies together, scissoring their cunts, their rubbing pussies cause their juices to splash everywhere, soaking each other and bed. These hot lesbian girls don’t need silly boyfriends to please them when they have each other! 