When you look at this gorgeous pregnant brunette babe in a sexy short sun dress and denim jacket the last thing that could cross your mind is that she would be a shoplifter, but I have been working as a security guard for years, and I know every single trick in the book. I wasn’t exactly sure how she was doing it, but I knew she was stealing, so I took her to the back room. I told the pregnant girl to take off her jacket and began frisking her. Something was off with her pregnant belly, and when I made her take off the dress my suspicions were confirmed. This sexy slut was wearing a fake pregnancy belly to stash the goods she had stolen. Now I had her where I wanted, with enough evidence to send her to jail for several months unless she was willing to work out a deal from which we would both benefit. The slutty teen agreed, and I made her strip down to her sexy black lace lingerie. Now that she didn’t have that fake pregnant belly on her she looked hotter fuck, a slim brunette with a drop dead gorgeous body. Her pussy looked so inviting, it was wet with her creamy love juices. After I had her naked, I whipped out my cock and ordered her to get down on her knees. The young naked girl grabbed my shaft at the base and popped the mushroom shaped tip of my cock inside her wet mouth. I must admit she was a bit reluctant at first, but I knew she would warm up to my cock, all these slutty shoplifters do. I mean, she could either enjoy sucking my cock or enjoy spending some time behind bars. I grabbed her hands and placed them over my throbbing shaft, making her stroke it before grabbing her head and pushing against my crotch, stuffing her mouth with my dick meat and fucking her throat. After giving me head I made the girl lean over the desk, spreading her sexy little butt cheeks wide open with my hands and thrusting my meat stick deep inside her cunt, which, by the way, was already soaking wet. Her pussy tried to resist, she squeezed her vagina muscles, trying to stop my hard dick but I pushed harder into her, deep into her body. Dirty little slut, she got turned on by getting caught and having to suck the security guard’s cock. She still had her sneakers on, I think girls look sexy when they are fucking totally naked and with tennis shoes still on, I like to grab them by their ankles, spread their legs wide open and give their pink pussy burgers a good pounding while I look at their faces. While I was fucking her I grabbed those titties in my hands and squeeze them hard, feeling hurt erect nipples with my fingertips. Dirty little slut was getting into it, as I sat on the chair and she straddled herself on top, pushing my cock back inside her pussy and making that sexy ass shake like crazy while she was riding on my cock, looking over her shoulders at my cock thrusting inside her muff while she grabbed on tight to the table.   The teen slammed herselfdown, her pussy juices were squirting out of her with every thrust, and she moaned loudly. I made the naked teenage girl turn around and keep riding on my dick and I finished her off by fucking her hard in missionary position over the desk. I exploded in the biggest orgasm so far, squirting cum all over her face. She opened her mouth and caught as much of it as she could. I told her that if I caught her shoplifting again I was going to send her to jail, but she can still come over to the store and visit me if she wanted to take another ride on my hard cock. Something told me this wasn’t going to be the last time I fucked her shoplifting pussy! Caught these sexy girls stealing! What do you think happens next? 