This sexy blonde, tattooed slut uses her smoking hot body and her big bubble tits to seduce this hot guy she met at the pool in the social area of the apartment they both live in. Under the water, she tugs the bottom of her swimsuit aside so she can massage her meaty cunt while fondling her big breasts, enticing her stud and provoking a huge erection under his trunks. She gets out of the water, takes of the swimsuit and drenches her body with baby oil, slippery and glistening under the sun, spread legged and masturbating for her man. It doesn’t take long for her to climax and start squirting, gushing pussy juices all over the floor. After watching her cum like a fountain, her stud approaches her, squeezing and massaging those big round tits as if they were pizza dough while she moans and whimpers softly. The horny slut plays with her oily tits while he kisses her and caresses her perfect body, spreading the slick oil all over her naked skin. She wraps her melons her on his big throbbing erection and gives him a boobjob. She loves the sensation of getting her big tits fucked by a hard cock, and his is so fucking big and veiny, just the way she likes them, especially when she gets it all oiled up with her boobs. She gets under water and gives him a blowjob, sucking that big meaty sausage until she runs out of breath and has to resurface. What a smoking hot, badass chick! She can suck a cock under water and she does it amazing with her beautiful, plump lips. Fuckin mermaid! He puts her against the pool’s walls and penetrates her tight clam, stretching it out with his hard cock while he fucks her from behind, nailing her against the pool wall. Having sex in water sounds so sensual, doesn’t it? He pounds his dick together with water deep into her vagina, it feels so good! They move to the shallow area and she bends over so he can keep plowing her from behind, admiring the sensual movements of that delicious bubble shaped ass. She is hot and tattoos makes the girl a little more trashy looking. He lies on a pool chair and she jumps on top of his cock, impaling herself on it, making her fabulous big tits bounce up and down to the rhythm of their crazy fucking. She flips over, riding him in cowgirl position while pushing her extra large hooters against his face so he can munch on those puffy nipples, banging her harder and harder until he’s ready to blow his load all over her. 