My sexy step sister likes to exercise in the living room and of course I like to watch her exercise. She looks so hot in her tight leotard and legwarmers, but it looks like she did in warm up enough today, because just a few minutes into her exercises, she pulled a muscle and had to stop. She asked me to help her out since it was very painful. I took her to the bathroom, where I began rubbing and massaging the sore area, but I couldn’t help myself, my hands began wandering all over her hot body and by the looks of it, she was enjoying herself. She giggled as I began stripping her naked, pulling her sport leotard down, admiring her beauty, her soft breasts and her perfect bubble shaped buttocks. Man, my mouth was watering and my dick was throbbing so hard under my pants. I had never seen an ass more beautiful than her cute little butt with perfect round ass cheeks. I had prepared a warm bath for her and the tiny naked girl dipped into the hot water, which would help relax her sore muscle. I took a wet cloth and passed it all over her breasts and body and she smiled naughtily, taking my hand and guiding it under the water and between her legs, to her tight little slit, just waiting to get fingered and explored by me. She smiled when my fingers touched her pussy. I stimulated her clit with my fingertips, gently pushing my finger inside her cunt while she spread her legs and butt cheeks wide open with her hands. I even did underwater footage with my action camera. There are amazing close up underwater views showing her beautiful pussy lips. My horny step sister could see the massive bulge beating so hard under my pants and she reached over, pulling them down and exposing my throbbing erection with a satisfied and aroused expression on her face, taking it with both hands and pulling my foreskin back, as she popped it inside her wet mouth and began sucking it hard. She looked me straight in the eye while she gave me head, massaging my shaft at the same time with her skilled hand. This was so good! She passed her silky tongue all over my cock, moaning and grunting with satisfaction as she took it all in. She told me she would never have guessed that my cock was so big. I grabbed her head and pushed it against my crotch, ramming my cock down her throat as she deep throated me. I fucked her mouth, pushing her head back and forth into my cock. The petite girl stroked it with her both hands at the same time while still sucking on it, lubing it up with her saliva, preparing it for her moist cunt. I took her to the bedroom, where my naked step sister lied flat on her back. I grabbed her ankles, pulling her legs up and spreading them wide open, watching my sexy stepsister playing with her pussy while I buried my cock inside of it. The feeling of her tender pussy wrapped around my cock was absolutely incredible. Her hands moved to my hips and she gently pulled me deeper into her.   Her young vagina was tight, but so wet as well opening to allow more of my hard dick into her but also squeezing every inch tightly until I was finally balls deep inside her pussy. I began fucking her in missionary position. My sister looked so beautiful and so fucking hot at the same time. She changed positions, getting down on her hands and knees, pushing her juicy bubble butt over the edge of the bed as I grabbed it with my hands, parting her butt cheeks and pushing my meat pole back inside her pussy burger, pounding her hard from behind doggie style. She looked so fucking hot with her face buried between the sheets, holding her ass open for me while I fucked her deeper and harder. I lied on my back and the young naked girl sat on my lap, riding my erection in reverse cowgirl position. Next time, she won’t have to pull a muscle to end up bouncing up and down my cock! Don’t miss more amateur porn with young teens. POV sex experience you will never forget!