After having a long, heart-to-heart conversation with her best friend, this beautiful brunette babe finally gathers up all the intestinal fortitude she needs to dump her boyfriend. He has not been listening to her or paying attention to her and her needs and it has to stop. She hangs up her phone when he arrives and lets him know they need to talk. Well, she needs to talk, and let him know she’s leaving. She’s so determined, she even packed up her suitcase and is ready to go, but she doesn’t even make it through the kitchen door when her boyfriend grabs her by her hair and neck, banging her against the door and bending her over the kitchen counter with her face against the cold surface as she feels his hands grabbing at her denim shorts and tugging them down her knees, exposing the naked lower half of her gorgeous body. Her legs are trembling as he pushes himself against her, screaming at her to say it, to admit that this is exactly what she wanted. He wants to hear her say it and she does, she gets such a rush when her boyfriend dominates her, pushing each and every one of her submissive buttons. He spanks her so hard and makes her squirm. He takes her to the kitchen table, making her get on her knees on the chair and lean over the table while he pulls down his pants. He pushes his dick deep inside her tight muff, holding her hands behind the small of her back as he starts pumping her hardcore. He takes hold of most of her hair and pulls her head back as he forces himself deeper and harder into her cunt. His girlfriend wanted some loving sex but she gets the aggressive fucking and it really turns him on, he keeps brutally fucking her. Her eyes are wide with pain and pleasure as she feels his cock, now harder than ever, destroying her little cunt. Domination and female submission is a new experience for her. After a few minutes, she can feel her pussy begin to respond. My juices easing the way for this brutal fucking. As he fucks her, her tits bounce against the table, the same way her ass bounces against his crotch and he grabs her hair and pulls her head back. It’s so hard, it’s so rough, it’s so fucking hot and sexy. When he slows down she can finally gasp for breath as he removes his sweater and uses it to bind her wrists together so tight she can almost feel how it cuts off her circulation. Now he can keep banging her at his leisure and there’s nothing she can do about it. The helpless naked girl moans, whimpering softly, feeling that huge cock stretching out her pussy from the insides, there is so much raw power in the way he fucks her, it just drives her crazy. He parts her ass cheeks and her pussy looks just wonderful, wet and smeared with her juices. He slaps her cheek and just keeps powered drilling her pussy from behind, as if she was nothing more than a sex doll for him to fuck and get his release. He unties her and throws her on the couch, lying on her belly, getting on top of her so he can continue banging her brains out. He pushes her against the couch and goes to town on her cunt.   The naked girl feels his sweaty body on top of her, his hand covering her mouth, pushing his hot hard cock deeper inside her vagina. He makes her open up wide as he rams his cock down her throat, furiously fucking her mouth. He slaps her some more before letting her sit on his cock and ride it. She rides him hard and he continues to pound her pussy. He throws his naked girlfriend on the sofa and kept brutally fucking her sideways. On her back and spread legged it, he wraps his hands around her neck while pounding her in missionary position and slapping her frightened face. This makes her realize that she actually likes the way she is being treated. She enjoys every sensation, she even wants him to cum on her face, first time in her life! “Yes, come for me. Come on my face. Fill my mouth with your seed!” Even if she ever did make up her mind to leave her boyfriend, there’s just no way she’s leaving that big hard cock and the rough passionate ways in which he fucks her and makes her cum like a dirty whore.