While this guy is watching the football game with his friends, these two hot bitches, a brunette and a redhead are fighting to see who gets his big fat dick. The redhead makes the first move, luring him aside to the bedroom with her sexy little outfit, showing just enough skin to hook him in. They start fooling around with a football and she shamelessly rubs her delicious ass against his crotch, feeling how big and hard she’s making his cock. He pulls her dress over her titties, fondling them and bending her over, feeling her thong down the sexy crack of her ass, exposing her pink clam, ready for his big dick. She gets down on her knees, pulling his pants down and releasing his huge snake, totally in awe with how big and thick it is. Just the right size for her mouth! While stroking it with one hand, she’s sucking on the tip, feeling all that sweet precum flowing as she gives her guy a hot blowjob. He puts the slut down on her hands and knees over the bed, pushing that hefty sausage inside her cunt and banging her doggie style from behind. That’s when he gets hit over the head with another football, courtesy of the smoking hot brunette slut, who drags him to the other room so he can service her instead of her redhead nemesis. He strips naked, grabbing that big fat cock and making it hers, sucking and stroking it like a dirty slut and licking his big balls too. The hot babe climbs on top of him, pushing his cock inside her, rubbing her cunt with her fingers while she rides her man in reverse cowgirl position. When the redhead makes her come back, it’s obvious the only solution is sharing this big cock, so the naked girls start taking turns deepthroating his sausage. He fucks the redhead doggie style from behind while she snacks on the brunette’s gushing cunt in a hot threesome fuck. He can’t wait to score a double touch down on their cunts! He tells the brunette to get on top of her friend so he can go from one pussy to the other, banging them both from behind. This way, they both get the same amount of cock and there’s no further need to argue, after all, football is about getting along! The girls both beautiful, love their hairy pussies. He orders the naked girls on their knees in front of him. They obey. The girls kiss and lick each other’s pussy, each with a cock in it. It’s a win-win scenario when both girls share a sticky hot facial. Touchdown! 