I finally caught and fucked the sexy blonde teen thief that stole my bike! A couple of weeks ago, some thief stole my bike and I thought I was never ever going to get it back. Much less what I imagine that I would finally catch the bike stealing thief when my sexy blonde girlfriend was giving me a Hummer in the car. That’s right, I had the car parked right outside our apartment building and I was leaning back in the driver’s seat while my girl gave me a wicked hot blowjob, sucking and stroking my big throbbing member when I looked outside and saw this sexy blonde teen. She was a tall, leggy blonde with big tits and a big ass in a tight pair of denim shorts… And she was riding my motherfucking bike! I couldn’t believe it! I sprang out of the car, still pulling my shorts up as I confronted the sexy thief. Man, I didn’t even manage to zipper up and my dick was still rock hard and dangling as I faced her. My girl caught up with us, and suggested that instead of throwing accusations back and forth, we could all go inside and have a good time together, that’s why I love her so much, she’s a trouble fixer, not a troublemaker! I looked at the blonde teen and she was looking at my hard dick, she licked it! Back inside, I sat down on the couch and let the two gorgeous blonde girls have some fun with my dick and balls. My girl licked my balls and the sexy thief took my dick in her soft hands, both of the girls giving me dirty looks as they began sucking on my hard sausage, giving me a double fellatio, stroking my dick with their little hands. The naughty bike snatcher looked so cute with her baseball cap pulled backwards, her mouth stuffed with my dick meat, licking and kissing it along with my girlfriend. Two hot blondes helped me take off my shorts and got back on my dick, one of them sucking it and the other taking care of my balls. Both slapped the head of my cock against their tongues and lips. My girlfriend is really open minded and free spirited, and she loves sharing my cock with other girls and watching them, and me, having a good time! She fucked my dick with blonde’s tits, my dick felt amazing between her soft teen boobies. Then sucked her boobs while she was eating my cock and went down her neck, kissing and licking her, tasting my cock on her lips as they made out in front of me. The blonde stripped naked, lying down on the couch with her legs spread wide open and my girlfriend eating her out while down on her hands and knees, with my cock stuffing her tight cunt, fucking her doggie style from behind. Both naked girls looked amazing! I grabbed my girl’s butt cheeks with my hands while she grabbed the blonde’s big meaty tits in hers, squeezing them so hard, making her moan and grunt with wild pleasure. I got on my back and my sexy girlfriend straddled herself on top and pushed my dick inside her pussy, riding me in cowgirl position with the blonde grabbing her from behind, totally turned on while watching us fucking.   I pulled my cock out of her slit and made the naked girls both stroke it together, then popped it back inside my girl’s clam and watched her snacking on the blonde’s nipples. It seems my babe had liked to suck on her tits,s he could stop lickign her nipples and suck them. Since the thief has been writing my bike all this time, I decided to let her take a ride on my cock, her nice ass bouncing up and down my lap in reverse cowgirl position while my girl watched us and masturbated herself. What a treat! Getting my bike stolen by this hot ass blonde vixen was definitely worth it! Both blonde babes have their pussies stuffed, slobber on a dick, and suck tits like there’s no tomorrow! Suckin and spittin on my cock like that… so naughty! I watched these young naked girls suck and ride my cock in turns, over and over. I fucked their pussies as hard as I could. I looked down at the beautiful blondes sucking my dick, suddenly I started to cum. “Yes, cum for us, cum for us!” I shot my cum on their pretty faces. The girls began kissing with their wet, warm mouths, licking each other’s faces and savoring the sweet juice.