It’s Valentine’s day and my girlfriend’s friend is alone on Valentine’s day. Knowing my girlfriend, she was sure to brag about all the stuff that I got her as presents. I really don’t like it when she does that but whatever, I just want to get inside those panties tonight anyway. With all the shit I bought her, if she didn’t let me fuck her tonight it would be classified as a crime or something I swear. Anyway, she’s rambling about the flowers, and the teddy bear, and the big ass box of chocolates that I got her, and I can see that her friend is uncomfortable. I can’t quite put my finger on it but maybe it’s possible that she doesn’t have a Valentine. It was an absurd thought seeing as how fucking hot she was. I am keeping that thought at the back of my head for now as my girlfriend starts asking her about what she’s up to for today. I kid you not, she says that she’s studying for her midterms and that she does not have anyone today. My girl comforts her and then leaves to finish up some of her business. I’m left alone with this bitch and we start talking about random stuff. Eventually though, the slut starts giving me the eyes. I instantly knew that something was up and she starts saying how we should do something together. I know exactly what she wants, and even though it is risky with my girlfriend not being too far away right now, I still decide to go through with it. She starts feeling up my dick over my trousers and she comments on how big it is. After I pull down my pants and boxers she takes my hard dick and starts sucking on it hard. The slut is looking into my eyes, smiling, licking the head of my dick and sucking me hard.She gives me a hot blowjob and I keep wanting more. I start shoving her head down hard as my dick goes down her throat over and over again. After a blowjob that hard, I start pushing her head down and making her choke on my dick. The slut is just loving it. After that we go to the bedroom and she strips naked. She loves to strip down slowly, revealing her incredible body. The babe pulls down her thong and I can see her pussy. Her pussy is clean shaven and looks so smooth and wet with her juices. Her pussy Looks like a nice valentines heart! The sexy naked blonde places her lovely pussy over my super hard cock, lowers herself, rubs her pussy on the head then drops all her weight. I grab her thighs and begin slamming into her faster and faster. Following that we have an insane fuck session and I am just stunned at how good it felt to fuck this gorgeous slut. My hard dick and my cum all over her face will be the best present for her Valentine’s day!  