No wonder my beautiful stepsister never lets me in the house during her music practice! I forgot my smart phone, so I sneaked inside just to get it and get back out, but I my way out the door I heard some soft moans and whimpers that made me lick down below, where my half naked stepsister practices her piano. Yes, she was sitting right in front of it, but she wasn’t really playing it. I mean, she was playing, just not with the piano. She had this huge rubber dildo shaped like a cock placed up right on the piano stool and she was sitting on it, masturbating herself with the sex toy! I was mesmerized watching her beautiful round ass going up and down on that toy, her cunt was swallowing it whole! She was wearing a sexy white shoulder-less long sleeved top, her glasses, stockings, boots and a sexy skirt hiked up to her hips and her musical masturbation was interrupted when she casually looked up while taking that big rubber cock all in and saw me watching her private vagina concert. She barged up the stairs and after me, catching up with me in my bedroom, furious that I had invaded her privacy. Man, she was so pissed, she threw herself on top of me, screaming, but pretty soon, her screams turned into sexy giggles as she began pullinf down her panties in front of me, rubbing her naked pussy against me and feeling the big throbbing bulge under my pants! She removed her boots and stockings and hiked up her skirt, letting me know that I was going to be eating out her pussy, helping her get off since I interrupted her musical masturbatory session before she got the chance to climax and she was still hella-horny! Man, she was gushing! She pushed me on the back, crawled over, sat on my face, planted her muff over my mouth, forcing me to lick her pussy! She beckoned me with a finger and I followed obediently. I spread her tender pink pussy lips with my tongue and started eating her out, licking her wet slit and tasting her delicious juices with my hands placed over her hips as she took off her top and let her beautiful tits bounce about freely. She moaned, biting her lips while grinding her cunt against my face. Bro, she was swerving her hips like a sexy slut while on top of me, making my dick so fucking hard. My step sister was so sexually excited that she began squirting pussy juices all over my face. I got up, strip naked and stood by the end of the bed as she got down on her hands and knees, ready to give me a wicked hot blowjob while massaging my sausage with her soft hands. I swear her glasses were getting fogged while she sucked my big long dick, that’s how steamy this was getting! She massaged my balls with her soft hands while eating my cock. Then she wanted me to fuck her! Fucking my sister was something I could never have imagined. My horny naked sister spread her legs wide open in front of me and began her rub her pink clam. I could not resist and slowly pushed the head of my cock into her pussy. As I thrust into her, she groaned with relief that her aching cunt had been filled. I fucked her little pussy very hard in missionary position. She kept her legs dangling in the air, licking her fingers and the palm of her hand and applying it to her snatch as I continued to fuck her and she dirty talked, making me even hornier. Holy fuck, yes, it’s not every day you get to fuck your own sister and I was making the most of it, fucking her doggie style from behind. She got on her kness with her naked ass high in the air so I could see both of her holes. Her pussy was shining with pussy juice. Her ass cheeks were spread enough to expose her completely to me. I grabbed her hips and fucked her pussy, her ass cheeks slapping against me the whole time. I could feel her body start to speed up my thrusts into her.   I can’t even count how many orgasms she had. I lay down on my back and my anked step sister crawled over me, letting her take a ride on my hard cock, much better than that rubber dick she was masturbating with next to the piano! She started a grinding motion with her cunt, squeezing my cock and having one orgasm after another. I grabbed her boobs and squeezed them tight, my cock sliding deeper than ever up her hot, tight, wet cunt. She continued sliding slowly up and down the length of my cock, then slamming herself down hard onto me. I could see her leg and ass muscles quiver with the force she was exerting. Finally she wanted me to cum in her mouth, she sucked me so hard that I knew I was going to cum in seconds. I felt my hot throbbing cock started to jerk and soon she was swallowing my first taste of semen.