This one day, my sexy step sister felt like being naked around the house. She just loves the feeling of being natural, undressed and alone in the house. Well, at least she thought she was alone. She decided to go kitchen to have a bagel and she strolled into the kitchen with only her shirt on! She gets her bagel from the fridge, turns around and sees me staring at her with my camera on! For some reason, she didn’t react negatively nor was she angry, she knows I like her body. My sister is a sexy, leggy, slender 18 year old with a body for fashion. This wasn’t the first time that I look at my sister’s body in that way, and today she decided to give me a treat! She was not surprised by my positive answer on whether I’d like her to rub her pussy for me a bit! Making me horny made her horny too! She felt great about knowing that I was filming her and that I’m going to watch that amateur video many times again! She enjoyed flashing her perfectly-shaped perky teen breasts and her perfect cute little ass. She let me film her pussy close-up, showing off her clit and labia, then gapes as wide as she can. Her pussy lips are so pretty and you can see that some pussy juice leaking from her vagina. She teased me a bit longer with her skinny little body and then came the time for some action! She laid down on a couch and started playing with her little pink pussy! As the hot teen was beginning to masturbate, she kept staring at me and teasing me all the time. Smiling my horny step sister put her legs behind her head and spread her nice pussy in front of my face! Now her pussy and ass were open to me and only inches from my face. Next you see my sister masturbating with her long legs spread wide open! Her pussy was so wet, her pussy lips were covered with her juice. Her anus is beautifully exposed in close up detail. She got so carried away that started to scream very loud until she experienced her first orgasm that day! Was that exciting!? She decided to take it a bit further, took a dildo and started fucking her pussy with it! She got the toy in quite deep and I note how tight her vaginal muscles were as she hold it inside. She pulled her labia aside, rubbing her vagina and her asshole as well. After a while, she took her panties and pushed them all the way into her pussy! She used a magic wand vibrator at the same time, having another strong orgasm! We see her getting kinky with some panty stuffing, masturbating using the magic wand with her panties tucked out of sight inside her! She used the vibrator on her lovely pussy until it brought her again to the peaks of orgasmic pleasure. Finally the sexy teen babe headed outside, sitting on a public stairway in a short denim short with no panties on for some upskirt flashing and public masturbating. 