This one day, I came home and found my step sister lying on the couch imagining all kinds of dirty stuff and touching herself all over. She hit puberty and didn’t understand why her hips kept thrusting involuntarily. She got embarrasses when she saw me come in and turned around to watch the television. I went to my room and when I came back, her panties were off and she was rubbing against her bear doll. Her teen pussy wanted it so bad, she needed a big hard cock! Her pussy tingled and itched. I decided to give it hard to this little bitch. As she was rubbing against her bear, I stuck my dick in her mouth and she didn’t even pretend not to like it. The teen slut gets down on her knees and starts sucking my cock hard. She’s so horny that she started sucking it deep throat, and could feel that my glance is very deep in her throat. This little bitch could suck my dick for days. She’s an innocent little teen but she’s blowing it like a true pro. I let her gag on my rod for a bit longer until I decided to come all over that beautiful face and soft blonde hair. My cum was suddenly dripping from her face to those cute little tits. She looked amazing with her cute face covered in my sticky cum. Then I found her in the middle of one of her bouts of lust. I immediately noticed that she wasn’t satisfied and offered to help her out. I decided to lick her pussy until the teen slut was fully satisfied. I put her on the bed and started licking that little pussy as the tastiest ice-cream. She started screaming loud as my tongue was penetrating her deeper and deeper. My tongue did not help her, her virgin pussy needed my hard dick! She wanted to get fucked right now. She turned her little ass to me and started to push her ass up and down, rubbing her wet slit against my dick. The head of my cock got covered in her juices quickly and it found its way between her moist pussy lips. I started fucking her very hard in doggy style. My little blonde sister was fucking like a pornstar. The young horny girl liked the way I felt inside her as she thrusted back and forth. I continued fucking that tight virgin pussy from behind while slapping it hard. She wanted a piece of the action, so she got on me and started riding my cock with screaming louder and louder. My dick could hardly fit into her little pussy and she loved it. She put all the effort into riding it in such a manner so that the whole thing fits into that little snatch. She didn’t want to change position and continued riding like a little cowgirl and I saw that she was more than satisfied at this point. Then the little slut got on her back with her knees up to her shoulders to give her step brother full access to her bare snatch until! I couldn’t stop looking at her bare body, her nice titties and her pussy! My hot throbbing cock sliding in and out with long strokes, sliding almost out of her teen cunt, and then thrusting back in, deep inside her vagina. In a few minutes, I felt I was cumming in my sister’s pussy and moved even faster. When I felt her with a gallon of hot sperm she was fully satisfied. 