One day, Brad stopped by to visit his girlfriend at her place. He knocked on the door, and the door was open by her hypnotic mother with the juiciest body and the biggest, tight and round tits. His eyes were immediately stuck on this amazing milf and they went to the living room. He brought flowers, and as she bent over to smell them, he to see her amazing cleavage and to peek at those outstanding tits. The scene was too much for him to take, so he had to go to the bathroom to jerk off. The guy rushed into the bathroom, took his dick out and started wanking it. His head was filled with images of those amazing tits and he wanted to bang the shit out of the milf so fucking hard. As he was stroking his dick, his girlfriend’s mom accidentally walks in and finds him masturbating. The mom was shocked and didn’t know how to react. Brad was also in a shock, and they both stood there not knowing what to do next. She kept staring at it and suddenly offers to help. The sexy woman approaches him and starts stroking his dick. This is a moment in which he felt as the absolute king of the world as the hottest milf her ever saw was now stroking his shaft. He got a bit nervous about how to fuck this cougar because he doesn’t want to embarrass himself. She gets down and starts to suck his young dick and starts to enjoy each time it goes in and out of her mouth. The mom sucks his hard cock in a deep throat blowjob and gives him amazing titty fuck, massaging his dick between her big tits and fucking it with them. He pulls her up, lifts one of her legs over the sink and starts pounding her hard until he came in her wet pussy. But, this lucky bastard is in for a lot more fun. His girlfriend’s mom promised not to tell anyone. He went to his girlfriend bedroom and started making out with his cute teenage girl. The girls both got naked and as she went down to blow his dick, she suddenly got a taste of a pussy on his dick. His girlfriend realizes it’s her stepmom’s pussy juices! She got angry, called her mom to come over and made her show her how she fucked him. Her mother is now sucking his dick while she’s licking her pussy from behind. Then the girls work together to suck his stiffie. The mom rides his erect cock so her daughter could watch and learn. Her big tits are bouncing wildly as the young boy hammers up into her cunt. He loves fucking his girlfriend’s sexy mom. The teen girl places her wet pussy on her stepmom’s face and starts moving her pussy lips over her mouth as her tongue explores her pussy. Both naked girls take turns licking each other’s pussies, sucking and riding his dick, and at the end of this amazing mom/daughter threesome he cums all over them. 