Holy fuck! This was amazing from start to finish! His wife-to-be takes him to the back to complain about the wedding planner they’ve got. She’s very jealous of how hot and busty she is and wants her out of the picture. The babe looks incredible in her miniskirt and glasses and her tits are beyond fantastic! She tells her future husband to fire her immediately. As her promises to do so, he sits with this sexy woman to talk to her. She knows what it’s all about and also knows how his wife can’t stand her. She has to do something not to lose the job. While they are all sitting at the table, the slut lowers her hand and starts caressing his dick. He got erect in seconds. He’s in shock and doesn’t know what to do. But, the wedding planner sure knows what to do. She takes his dick out and sucks it under the table each time his bride turns around. The horny wedding planner gives him handjob and blowjob right next to his oblivious fiancé. She loves how that cock feels in her mouth and wants him to fuck her as soon as possible. His wife puts on her earphones to listen to music and he saw that as the perfect opportunity to fuck this cock-hungry bitch. She sucks him some more under the table. Before she can catch on, he sends her away to pick out music for their first dance so he can shove his dick in the slut’s hot, eager mouth. The slut climbs on the table and lets him fuck her like it’s his last day of freedom. He takes her bra off and starts squeezing her big round tits. She’s so burning hot that he could come just by looking at her. He bends her over and starts to lick her pussy from behind, to which she responds with the loudest, sexiest moaning he had ever heard. This bitch is not so easy to fuck. He bends her over on the table, takes her panties off, stuffs her mouth with her panties so that she wouldn’t scream and starts fucking her brains out very hard from behind. The chick goes crazy as that large dick penetrates her really hard and fast. She is fucking amazing!!! I’d love to shove my tongue in that pretty pussy and stick my dick in that juicy ass of hers! Her big tits were flattened under her, bulging out the sides of her chest. His hands are on her hips as he pounds into her, his balls are slapping against her clit from behind. It is wrong but he can’t stop fucking this hot babe, it feels too good. The hot babe gets on her feet and starts riding his dick with her stunning ass facing him.   The hot girl bounces on his shaft like a really insatiable little slut and wants more with each passing moment. He grabs her big tits and squeezes them hard. She slams herself down on him, her boobs bounce up and down, then moves her pelvis in a slow motion, pulling and pushing his dick in and out, sliding her wet pussy lips back and forth on his monster cock. Her big tits are flying up and down! She turns to face him and rides him in that position. She’s driving him insane while her tits bounce around in front of his eyes. He puts the crazy slut on the table, spreads her legs and pounds her pussy hard, slamming his dick in and out of her cunt! His hand around her throat as his cock destroys her. She is barely able to breath, his dicl feels amazing in her cunt, she can’t stop cumming, having one orgasm after another. So how will the bride react when she sees her wedding planner getting fucked by her lover? And how will she react when she sees her cunt dripping with the groom’s creampie!? Watch the full video and don’t miss the solid creampie at the end. I love how the slut pees a little bit trying to squeeze out the creampie.