I had recently sat down with my wife to talk about our step-daughter’s problematic behavior. She and I both agree that the teenage girl should be taught a lesson because of the way she’s been acting recently. I mean, just last week she was at her room flashing her naked ass and vagina! This type of behavior is simply unacceptable so I’m going to have to talk to her about this issue immediately. I’ve already discussed this with my wife and she agrees with me completely. So, I stand up and start making my way to her room when I think I hear a noise coming from there. I come a little closer and it almost sounds like she’s moaning. I thought to myself that I shouldn’t make rash conclusions so I go there to see what’s going on and I can’t believe my eyes. The hot teen babe is masturbating in her bed with a blue bra and underwear on! I quickly look away from the embarrassment that I feel in that moment and I ask her to tell me what the hell she’s doing. She’s supposed to be getting ready because she’s going out soon but instead I come in her room seeing her like this. She tells me that that’s exactly what she’s doing but it clearly isn’t. She tried to cover it up by pulling her hand out of her panties but I already saw it all. Nonetheless, there was still that issue which I definitely had to bring up, so I ask her to come inside. She agrees with this weird look on her face, almost as if she was horny and lustful towards me. I quickly shook it off and made my way to her bed. I sat down and looked at her. When I brought up what my step daughter has done she simply acted dumb and started stroking her pussy over her underwear again. I just couldn’t believe it, so I stood up and told her that this is unacceptable. Little did I expect for her to jump forward with an erotic gleam in her eye. I was stunned as the teen slut started to undo my belt and started top object to it. However, she just kept going by unzipping my trousers and pulling them down. I have to admit, I didn’t step back because I was a little curious myself. I wanted to see what our young step-daughter has to offer. She continued by pulling down my boxers, revealing my dick! The young girl was quite surprised when she saw that it was already hard. I can’t lie, I was a little bit shocked as well. How could I get turned on by my own step-daughter? I thought to myself that this must be wrong, but just as I was about to say something to her, she took my dick inside her mouth. She starts sucking on it slowly and I can’t stop myself but get insanely horny. She’s doing it like a pro, and I’m just worried that her mother won’t catch us doing it in her bedroom. The more she does it, the more excited I get, and eventually I myself want more out of her. She smiles and lies down on her back on the bed and pulls down her panties revealing her tight pussy to me. I pull her closer and spread her legs while occasionally checking the open door to see if my wife will pass by. I slowly pushed my cock inside her pussy and started fucking her. It was slow at first, but I sped up the more it went on. She started to make noise so I had to silence her somehow. First, I tried telling her to keep it down, but when that didn’t work I forcefully put my hand over her mouth to muffle out her moans of pleasure. The feeling of her tits and her young naked body against mine are indescribable. My sexy naked step daughter spreads her legs wider to accommodate me between them.   I start to rock my pelvis back and forth, deeper into her little pussy, it feels amazing. This is beyond anything I have felt before. After I was done with fucking her, she went in for another blowjob. This one was even harder and the slut started deepthroating me right there on the spot. Then the young naked girl got on her hands and knees, she spread her ass cheeks for me and I pushed my cock deep into her pussy from behind. I had to get more of that ass so I decided to fuck her from behind in her asshole. I hunkered down, pointing my hard cock downwards, aiming it at her asshole, watching the head of my dick push into her anus, slowly opening it until my cock head slipped in. My wife could see me at any moment! Taking her anal pounding like a good girl, she was smiling. I lay down on my step daughter’s bed and she gave me a stiffie ride in her chocolate starfish, moaning with delight. After an anal session, I had an amazing orgasm and filled her up. I shot a load of cum in her nice ass and left her filled with an anal creampie, cum ran from her still-spasming asshole.