My stepson brought the hottest friend over to study, and I always had a thing for sexy women. She was so horny that I wanted to bang her so hard, even with my stepson in the picture, I don’t care. I sent my stepson to the kitchen while I summoned the sexy babe to help me with some stretches. I was suddenly alone with this hottie. I started to flirt with her and was surprised by how open she was about the whole thing. I started caressing her young body and we both wanted it so bad. This led to me stretching out her teen pussy with my tongue. I got her panties off and started licking and sucking her tasty pussy. I spread her ass cheeks with both hands, sliding my tongue up and down the length of her ass crack, kissing her pussy and sucking on her clit. My stepson could notice us from the kitchen but the sneaky sex turned us on even more! Nothing is more delicious than lapping at her young pussy with her above me, tasting her, swallowing her sweet secretions as she shudders with pleasure. The teen girl loved it and I had to put my hand over her mouth to prevent my stepson from hearing her. She bit my finger while my tongue was drilling her pussy deeper and deeper. This little slut was ready to fuck me all day but suddenly – my stepson appeared. I somehow got out of that situation and they both started studying. I approached my stepson for the talk. He was way too much of a nice guy, and at that rate he would never get any pussy! I could not hold myself back from sucking this young cock! I did my best sucking him, licking his balls and finnaly let him cum in my mouth! I swallowed his hot seed , enjoying the taste of my stepson’s hot cum filling my mouth. He seemed to like it a lot and he wanted more – I found my son licking his friend’s pussy. I watched in approval from a distance as he played with her pussy. I decided to join the party, he was a bit surprised but didn’t mind. As he was licking her snatch, I got up on the couch and placed my pussy on her lips. This was now a wild threesome and my stepson decided to give a good time to both of the girls. My stepson spread her legs and started fucking her really hard while she was licking my stiff nipples. I was hornier and wanted to get fucked so hard. That little bitch wanted her pussy to be destroyed by his dick. It was finally my turn. His dick was so big and I wanted it more than ever. His beautiful naked blonde friend positioned his cock and I started riding his huge dick with increasing the speed of bouncing on that dick. I loved it and started screaming so loud while his dick was penetrating my horny little cunt. His friend was slapping my clit and I was coming once in each minute that passed. That little bitch wanted more of his cock and started riding him hard with her tits facing him. He got to his feet and shoot a load over our faces. 