It was a very boring day at school! I remember wanting to go out and never go back to that place! There was a big break, so I got out for a smoke! So, I come outside and sat on the school bench! After a while, some dude appears from nowhere and starts talking to me! I could see that he really likes me but his intentions were unclear to me. After talking for a bit, he offers me to full around which I would never do with a stranger! So he pulls out some money and offers me to blow him for 150 euros! That much money for a couple of minutes of a blowjob? I instantly agreed! We went behind some car and suddenly his dick was in my mouth! He was moaning as I am sucked him hard and surprisingly – I got very horny! I flicked my tongue over his huge crown which caused him to roll his eyes and groan. “You’re so naughty little slut” he said. I sucked his dick like I never sucked before! Something got inside of me and suddenly I felt very dirty and I didn’t want it to stop! His cock felt great in my mouth I sucked faster and faster with each passing minute! I give great blowjobs but this guy is tough! He’s not coming yet and the wildest thought came into my mind! Why not fuck this guy? I was so turned on to being a slut. I got to my feet and turned around! He was very surprised as I turned around! He wasn’t expecting to get more than a blowjob on this day! I saw that he was very horny and happy when he saw he’s going to get some pussy! I was very late for my class but I no longer cared! His cock was now inside of me, and he started to pound my ass very hard from behind! I felt like in heaven and that’s just what I needed after a day as boring as that one! After he fucked me hard from behind, he laid me down, spread my legs, took my shirt off and started fucking my pussy with his erect dick! I felt amazing, and he started fucking me like a bull, faster and faster! That was the moment I experienced the first orgasm! He then decided to fuck me once again from behind and started pounding me hard once more! As he was fucking me, I felt that he’s about to come! I came violently. He fucked me forcefully. Suddenly I felt him cumming inside of me, his hips pumping furiously, his body slamming into mine, I felt myself cumming too. He came inside me, filling me with so much cum, I felt his warm liquid inside my pussy! I’m such a slut! Then I pulled on my panties the mans cum soaking into them from my hot pussy. It felt good, as I walked back to the school, I could feel the moist and sticky goo slowly flowing down my thighs. 