Passing by my step daughter’s open bedroom door, I glanced in and saw her putting lotion on her skin while naked in her bedroom. It started out with a little peek into what she’s doing, but her bare body is just gorgeous so I couldn’t stop looking at her nice tits, her ass and her shaved pussy. Watching her spreading lotion over her and oiling up her smooth young body, I completely forgot about the risk of getting caught while doing this. It didn’t even cross my mind once that one moment she’ll look at the small opening in her door to see me perving on her. She was finishing up with her session, she glanced over for a second and saw me! I was caught red handed and I simply had no excuse to give her. She outright called me a perv and told me to call in a therapist because of my actions. I was still distracted by her sexy body though and it took me a minute to digest what she has just said. Once I sat down and thought about it, I figured that the best way to alleviate my stepdaughter’s doubts that I will stop perving on her is by actually calling in the therapist so that they can make a professional assessment of the situation. She gave the therapist a ring and booked an appointment. The day finally arrives when the therapist is supposed to come over to our place, and we eagerly wait for her to show up. Eventually, she does and we all sit down in the living room to have a talk about our problems and tendencies. My daughter started off by describing the problem and the situation that we have found ourselves in and the therapist seemed like she’s got a clear picture of what we should do. I thought something was weird though with the way she was looking at us and my suspicion was later transformed into realization when she told us that we have to massage each other while having out tops off. We both objected quickly but she then explained that this is a completely natural way of father and daughter reconnecting with each other. We looked at each other and after a short contemplation we decided to follow her instructions. I took off my shirt, and my teen step daughter took off her top to reveal her gorgeous tits. I was taken away for a second when I noticed that she isn’t wearing a bra, she had the most beautiful boobs. What’s more interesting is that the therapist herself didn’t have a problem with seeing her tits and things started to get interesting. After massaging each other for a while the woman told my step daughter to take out my cock from my pants! I seriously couldn’t complain at all about this since I’ve always wanted that! My stepdaughter seemed to have a problem with it at first but after the therapist insisted, she got on her knees and pulled out my dick. She followed all of the therapist’s instructions and jerked me off to make me hard. After that she had to suck my dick in front of the therapist!!! She sucked my dick and massaged my balls until I came which she seemed to do without much trouble. I felt I was cumming gallons into her mouth but she just kept on sucking. I watched in stunned amazement as my step daughter kept spitting out thick, white ropes of my cum.   “Don’t be shy, swallow my cum!” I think she was getting into it the little slut. After I finally came inside her mouth the session was over and we invited the therapist to come another time. Next time was even better with the therapist immediately jumping to the point. The sex therapist thought it would be best if I got closer to my step daughter. By closer I did not think she actually meant inside her! I finally got to fuck my own stepdaughter in a fuck session. “Now Daddy please put your dick inside her little pussy and fuck” I guess the therapy really did work as intended. Her little pussy felt so warm and inviting, I lay there just enjoying the feeling of my dick penetrating the depths of her pussy! It was amazing! She rode my dick and I fucked her in all positions all over the sofa in front of the therapist. My naked step daughter’s screams of pleasure and the feeling of her teen pussy spasm around my cock were bringing me closer and closer to my orgasm. “Now fill her pussy with cum!” the therapist said! 