On this fine day, two of the hottest friends went for a nice relaxing massage. The sexy women weren’t expecting anything special to happen, but when they got inside, the babes noticed that the massage guy is hot, with big strong and skillful hands. They both got on separate tables with towels covering their sexy bodies. The massage guy started to massage the ass of one of the girls, the ass from out of this world. I don’t normally like girls with tattoos, but this babe has such a smoldering hot body that I just can’t help being mesmerized by her ass The slut has a gorgeous ass and pussy god damn! He thinks to himself that he’s just got to bang that ass fast. He got some oil on his hands and made those asses look awesome when oiled. He decides to try a bit of a cocky thing. He turns the blonde around and starts massaging her stunning big tits. Her big boobs feel so great under his hands while the other girl doesn’t know a thing that’s happening. Great shot of the masseur eating her pussy while the other babe is wondering what the fuck is going on. It doesn’t take long for the other woman to realize what exactly’s she been missing. She gets up and sees that the massage dude is licking her friend’s pussy. That got her really horny and she watched as he took out a vibrator and stimulated her friend’s pussy. The brunette wants a piece of the action and he starts to lick her two. After a while, he’s between two naked women, fingering both of their pussies. The babes love getting rubbed down, but it’s the massive orgasms they are really interested in. The two decide to turn this massage session into their own private fuckfest. This lucky bastard got himself a double blowjob from this burning hot bitches. The hot naked women lay him down and started to suck him like sluts, swallowing his dicks and licking it from the bottom to the top. His cock feels really great while penetrating the mouths of those hotties. The girls suck his balls together, they keep licking the dick and swirling their wet tongues on it. It is heaven! He moans and almost came right all over their faces but knew how to hold it. The horny masseur gets on his feet and starts fucking the brunette while a blonde fingers her clit. She screams so loud while his erect wet dick penetrates her very hard, sending a convulsion of orgasmic pleasure through her body. The feeling of his hard dick entering her pussy, sliding deep into her cunt, his balls mashing against her ass drives this babe completely crazy. The wild brunette takes the initiative and starts riding his dick while the blond takes it out and sucks it from time to time. The brunette is simply insatiable and can’t get enough of that dick inside her. She now takes the cock in a doggy style and screams louder with each penetration that she makes. The blonde finally feels ready to feel that prick inside her inviting pussy.   The naked busty babe gets on the massage table and starts riding him while his the brunette’s pussy is on his face. The naked girls are all enjoying this fuck very much and approaching the orgasm-land very fast. Stroking the slut slowly back and forth then speeding up until he is slamming hard against her cunt, forcing his cock deep and hard. Orgasm after orgasm course through her. The brunette’s quivering thighs are soooo hot! That leg quiver orgasm is outstanding! How does one get a job like that? The dude suddenly jumps on his feet and pulled the naked women both down by the hair. She spreads his cum all over those slutty faces. Theit bodies are jerking over and over as they continue to cum uncontrollably. The massage ends with two naked girls lying in a puddle of cum, tired, breathless and fully satisfied.