Nothing in the world feels better than waking up right next to my sexy babe, anticipating a hot day having sex with her all over the house. She’s wearing a sexy white lace panty and I can already feel how wet her little pussy is as I play with it. It’s early morning and she is still a little bit sleepy, but her nipples are already up and hard while I stimulate them with my fingers. She giggles softly while feeling my hands all over her sexy body, I just can’t get enough of her. We get up and she starts fixing breakfast, but man, I have like the biggest morning wood ever, it’s been 15 minutes since we left bed and it’s still fully erect, so I sneak up behind her, tugging down on her panties and sliding my huge cock up and down the crack of her cute ass. I let her know I brought some sausage for her breakfast, slapping her tender butt cheeks with my engorged dick. I bend her over the kitchen counter and I push my cock inside her cunt. She’s wet as fuck, so I slip right in and start banging her from behind. She likes it, she wiggles her bubble butt and moans softly. I drive into her pussy from behind, again and again, cumming as deep into her pussy as it’s possible. It is an amazing sensation, feeling her juices and my cum oozing around my dick. After our morning fuck in the kitchen, I’m still horny as hell, so I catch up with her in the recreation room, where she’s playing our arcade game and I start playing with her tits again. We settled down by the couch and she spreads her legs wide open so I can rub her wet slit. I finger fuck her and she’s absolutely gushing like crazy, leaving my fingers sticky and dripping with her pussy juices. I take her to the bedroom, where she gives me an amazing blowjob, deep throating my cock and drenching it with her saliva. My naked girlfriend gets on top, pushing it inside her wet muff, riding me in cowgirl position. I grab her by her thighs, pushing her body up and down while we fuck like animals in heat. I flip her over, banging her in reverse cowgirl, grabbing that meaty ass with my hands, sucking her in missionary and doggie style all over the house. My hot babe plunges her finger nails deep into my back and the pain makes me push my cock hard into her throbbing cunt. I start thrusting harder and faster, her pussy begins to spasm and I feel my cum squirting deep into her spasming vagina. I pump faster and faster until all of my cum has emptied into her hot cunt. I know my horny babe loves to carry my sperm inside her all day long. 