If you want to see how a nerd girl performs with her first cock, you’ll just have to drop by this smoking hot dorm party featuring some of the hottest, sluttiest college girls you’ll ever have the pleasure of seeing fucking! Nerdy Nadya was the college dorm geek, she was a shy person and she really liked to be alone. But, everyone wishes to hang out and be accepted from time to time. She really wanted to make friends and she heard there was a party on the second floor of my dorm. The geek figured that the party was her chance to make some friends but she also knew how this works and that the college sluts were not going to take her in that easy. The young girl was also horny all the time and figured that she could fuck someone while the others watch and that it would make them like her. She came inside and we weren’t happy. The girl was uninvited and geek-looking and we are not so much fond of geeks. So, she immediately told us that she was there to fuck! That actually put a smile on the girl’s faces, and she was suddenly in. The party consisted of a bunch of crazy college girls who were just as horny as I was. The girls all approached the geek-looking girl and started to take her clothes off. After a while, she was completely naked and I loved how her big tits looked like! The girls laid her on the bed and started showing her some pussy-jerking tips. How embarrassing, she didn’t even know how to masturbate properly. The naked girls all got around her and started caressing her young body. One of them got down and started licking her pussy and she was suddenly unbelievably horny! One girl was taking pictures as that cutie was licking her horny pussy. Another one was licking her stiff nipples. I pulled my dick out and I wanted her to suck me! This bookworm was begging to taste her first cock and wanted her fellow dorm sluts to teach her how to suck and fuck like the college whores they are! She took it and started to suck my dick to make it all wet and ready to penetrate her little cunt. The girl was really horny and I started fucking her throat in the way she never tried before. The naked girls around us started to get horny too and this party was getting hotter by each passing minute. I pulled her thighs apart and moved in between. She was very wet, I began to rub her clitoris with the head of my dick. My hard dick slided between her pussy lips. I pushed it into her virgin pussy, sliding as much as I could into her. Her pussy was so hot and tight. The beautiful naked girl with big tits watched with approval as my penis penetrated her innocent pussy. I started fucking her really hard while the girls caressed and licked her pussy and her boobs. This was an unbelievable experience for the college dorm geek! Since she was a newcomer, they decided to let her have all the fucking fun today. Is there anything wilder than dorm room orgy with a few naked college girls? I fucked her really nice and I loved the way she screamed.   The sluts around her kept saying “give it to her nice” and “you’re such a little whore”, and that got her even hornier. The girls all waited for their turn and one of them told me that she was doing such a great job. They kept taking pictures and she wasn’t even worried that they’re going to leak out. The sexy babe kept riding my dick like a little slut while I was licking the pussy of one of the girls. It was their turn to fuck now but the sexy blonde joined them in this crazy orgy. Two girls joined her and they made a blowjob threesome. Two girls licked my dick from the sides, and she was sucking my glans from the top. These girls really showed her a couple of tricks on how to suck a dick right. The nest dorm slut spread her legs in front of me and I started fucking her while they all cheered and supported me. The girls could see that I was close to an orgasm, so they got to their knees and the girl felt some cum in her mouth for the first time in her life!