I caught my little stepsister masturbating in the living room and gave her a pounding! My little stepsister recently turned eighteen so I’ve been really curious as to find out what she’s been up to recently as far as her sexual maturity is concerned. I really couldn’t find out anything until one day I saw her masturbating in the living room. The little slut must’ve thought that everyone was out so she could have a really long masturbation session alone. Unfortunately for her, I was still in the house and I caught her red-handed. I confronted her and she was really surprised to see me. Strangely, I found her to be really hot when she was playing with herself like that, it really turned me on. So naturally, I unzip my pants and pull out my huge dick right there in front of her. She looked very shy in that moment but she knew that she wanted something more. The tiny girl was completely shocked by my size and certainly wanted to feel my huge horse cock inside her pussy. So, the slut gets on her knees and starts playing with my dick nice and slow at first. After that she starts licking it thoroughly, from the base, up the shaft, and all the way up to the tip. I couldn’t really tell if she’s done this before but man was she good at it. I felt so amazing while my little stepsis was sucking on my tip, and just when I thought it couldn’t get any better, she starts sucking on it. And I’m not just talking about lowkey sucking, no. She was sucking on it like a pro, deepthroating it, taking it all the way down her throat. I spread her little whore lips wide as my dick kept going in and out of her mouth. This really got me in the mood, so I put her on the table and pull down her pants and panties to reveal her tight shaved pussy. Apparently, she also got a tattoo on her lower back. She just keeps surprising. I grab hold of her smooth ass as I start licking her pussy roughly. I really wanted to get her in the mood too for something more. When I thought she was ready, I got up while she was bent over and started fucking her hard from behind. My dick was too big for her pussy, but I fucked her hard anyway, stretching her out, and utterly destroying her pussy. Her pussy juices were gushing out of her fuck hole with my cocks every move! I fucked her hard, slamming into her. We continued our fuck session for a long time in so many different positions until I finally couldn’t take anymore and came on her sweet tits. 