Last night was just crazy. I went to a bar with a couple of my friends, drank a lot of different drinks and had the most demented fun ever! We met some scorching chicks and I did my best to seduce the one I particularly liked! This girl was gorgeous and smoking hot. I just had to bang that hottie! We had a couple of drinks and at one point we got drunk and really horny! We both wanted it to happen so much, so I suggested that we go to my place for a couple of more drinks. The sexy slut agreed and the real party was about to happen! I can’t remember much of the last night, but I know I fucked her well. I woke in the morning and found her naked smoking a cigarette on my balcony. She’s one of those girls you don’t regret waking next to in the morning. I met her in the kitchen and knew that she wants more of what happened last night. So, I pulled out a small dildo and showed it to her to see her reaction. She immediately got horny and started licking that pink dildo while caressing her amazing tits with her hands! I took her thongs off and started squeezing that huge ass she’s got! I sure am ready to pound it hard once again. I spread her legs and started fucking that little pink pussy while strangling her neck. She wore one of those sexy black necklaces that made me horny even more. My hot new fuckmate gets on her feet, comes closer and starts sucking my dick with so much skill. I believe this is the best blowjob I ever got. It’s time to pound her some more. I loved her big round ass and fucking her from behind was my favorite thing. Those butt cheeks looked really amazing and bouncy as I was pounding her faster and faster! I slapped that cute ass while she was beautifully moaning and wanting more of my cock. She wanted to ride me and got to her feet, position my cock on her snatch and started to bounce up and down. Her pussy was smooth everywhere, but a heart shaped pubic hair above her clit, it looked amazing! After riding me like a little slut, I fucked her in missionary style and came after a while on that beautiful face. What a night, and what a morning! 