I am quite a naughty little devil and I just love playing with my pussy! I usually rub my pussy at night thinking about cocks and sex and stuff, but I was home alone, and decided to play with my pussy. I was thinking about cocks and balls. I imagined a cock inside of my pussy and asshole. I wasn’t aware that my step-brother was secretly filming me masturbating on this fine day when I went to my room, laid down on the bed, pulled my panties down and started pleasuring myself in all the different crazy ways! I love to put a pillow between my legs and pretend as if he’s the cock I ride it with my pussy! My pussy itched, wanting to be fucked. As I was rubbing my pussy against that pillow, my brother was filming me as I was moaning, twisting and turning on that bed. I turned around and saw him standing there with a camera! He was standing there, admiring my naked body, pretending he’s not interested in me. But, that erection in his pants said otherwise! I needed a dick in my mouth, and I didn’t care whose it was. This was my chance! I dragged him into my room and locked the door. I wanted his cock in my pussy! He started to criticize me for masturbating and for being a dirty little bitch, but I know that he loves it more than anything! As he stood there, feasting his eyes on my body, I could see that his desire is rising and that he can’t pretend for too long! I slowly spread my legs in front of him and allowed him to look at my pussy! Having a guy, between my legs looking at my pussy so close, got me hot. I wanted him to fondle my pussy. I felt his hand touch my wet lips and my clit. It was amazing. Then he slid two of his fingers into my pussy, and pumped them in and out! When I slept at night, my dreaming and my imagination was of his naked body and his hard dick. In my dreams I sucked him and he entered me. Next morning I went to his room. This is it, my chance to fuck him! I pulled his morning wood outside and my heart started to pound really hard! I was just seconds away from sucking and fucking my step-brother! I jumped on his rod and took it in my mouth, his dick was delicious! I was sucking him as my juicy ass was facing him! His dick tasted so good as he was fingering me from behind! I just loved that position and it was the best double pleasure ever! As he pushed his finger deeper and deeper into my pussy, I started to suck him harder and was approaching my orgasm very fast! To my genuine surprise, I came in the first couple of minutes of our sex! I guess that my psychic tension was building for all those years and it got released the second his dick found itself in my mouth! My pussy screamed to be fucked but I wanted to suck him a bit more! So I turned around facing him and started to blow his dick while constantly staring at him! His cock was almost too big to fit into my mouth, just as I like it to be! I saw that he couldn’t take it much longer, so I decided to go a step further! I gave him the offer of taking my virginity. After giving him an amazing blowjob, the time had finally come for me to get on that prick! I felt my pussy releasing sweet juices and how she’s impatient to feel that dick inside! I took his dick in my hand and positioned him on my pussy! After a while, I found myself not believing that my step-brother’s dick is actually inside me!   My pussy was on fire as I bounced on that dick while moaning from the pure pleasure of it! I kept screaming “It’s so big!”, and I loved how big it was! I jumped to my feet and wanted to make him extra horny while riding his cock with my hot ass facing him! I started to ride him like a dirty little slut, and he was approaching orgasm very fast! I screamed so loud and the feeling was more than intense! He finally decided to take action, he spread my legs apart and started fucking my little pussy so hard! He grunted and jammed his cock into me with massive thrusts. My body clenched him tighter than ever. I was going out of my mind. I was in a state of nirvana as his big dick plowed my cute little pussy! He fucked me hard from behind until he pulled me to the ground and spread his cum all over my face! He also came in my mouth, buckets of hot, sticky cum. I swallowed most of it. I kept sucking him as he softened, swallowing his warm cum.