My step stepsis has a stunning, hot skinny friend who I always wanted to fuck! I admired that body for years, wanting it more with each passing day! I would celebrate each day when she was at our place, and on this one day, the girls were in the bedroom, so I started filming them with my phone while they were fooling around! They were so hot that I got horny as hell, pulled by big dick out and started stroking it while watching those sexy bodies! My sister saw me and closed the door that I was peeking through! I was forbidden to watch those sexy bodies for any longer, and I was bored! So I decided to mess with them a bit and put some cellophane over the bathroom toilet! My stepsis walked in and can’t even imagine the reaction she had while trying to pee on that thing! She called her friend and the girls both decided to prank me! At that time I was in my bedroom sleeping, so they snuck in and started drawing things on my dick! So, I woke up and caught them doing it! Her friend is a true slut and she started jerking off my dick “to get the drawings off.” My stepsis joined her and the girls were both stroking me really nice! I loved how it felt to be rubbed by two gorgeous chicks, one of them being my sister! Suddenly I started to cum right on their faces. The girls were in shock, it seems they had never seen a guy cum before. They had never seen sperm before but it turned them on. My sister showed her friend her double sided dildo, and the girls agreed to try it out together. My sister pulled off her thong and her friend slided the dildo into her tight twat, then I Logan sneaked in from behind and pushed my dick into her wet cunt and started fucking my stepsister without her knowledge. When she realized that it was not the dildo pounding her pussy, she ordered me to keep my mouth shut and make her cum again!!! Fucking my stepsis was really exciting and I did my best to fuck them right! The naked girls both bent over and waited for my cock to please them both! I started fucking my stepsis first and she screamed so loud while kissing her sexy friend who was bouncing that ass in anticipation! It was her friends turn! I spread her legs and started fucking that little bitch as hard as I could! She rubbed her clit while licking my stepsis’s little pussy! Their bodies are amazing and I loved each minute of fucking them hard! My slutty sister wanted a piece of the action, so she spread her legs and her friend positioned my cock in her pussy! She was moaning so beautifully while I fucked her and the girls were both having a great time! Her friend was slapping those cute little tits until I fucked her friend from behind a bit more! When her friend got on her knees with my naked sister laying beneath her, I fucked her into orgasmic bliss while she licked my sis’ snatch. Moments later, I cummed into her, giving her a creampie of jizz that began to drip into my sister’s mouth! I loved the creampie eating ending! 