On this lovely day, my smoking hot girlfriend invited me over to have some fun while her parents are out! We just love being alone in the house and we fuck all day long in different rooms and position. We even fuck in her parent’s bedroom. So, this day she called me over and I got there as soon as I could. My sexy girlfriend greeted me at the front door, all nappy and naughty because of the free house. Her dad was supposed to be on some business trip, but it turns out that it got canceled and he came home! I groped her ass on the first floor and she suddenly hears her dad coming up on the stairway. She quickly hides me while she talked to her dad. I didn’t quit squeezing her ass, and I thought that the whole situation was kind of funny. We went downstairs to the kitchen, and her dad appears again. I had to take cover and hind behind the kitchen table. Once again, I squeezed that sexy ass while my girlfriend was talking to her dad. Man, I can’t wait to bang this hottie in her bedroom. We finally went to her room and I saw that she was super horny. But this time, we have to be really quiet so that no one would hear us. My hot girlfriend immediately pulls my pants down and starts to suck my dick really hard! I could feel my glans going really deep inside that throat and I burned with a desire to fuck her and cum in her mouth. My GF has the best piece of ass I ever saw in my life, and I always considered myself to be a very lucky bastard. It’s time to fuck her from behind! I’ve thrown her on the bed, pushed my hard dick deep into her wet pussy with one thrust and started fucking her really rough while squeezing those round butt cheeks. After a while, we completely forgot about her parents, and she was screaming loud while I fucked her hard from behind, slapping against her buttocks. Her cunt was on fire while she was jelling “right there” over and over again. My huge ding-dong was plowing that pussy with such a pleasure. My sexy babe could hardly take it like this and wanted to ride me. My bitch starts riding me as her beautiful blonde hair waves all over the place. She wanted it in her mouth once more. My babe gets down and starts to lick it from the bottom to the top to make it go smoother in her little pussy. She’s now ready to get some more of that dick inside her. She turns around and starts to ride me in the opposite direction with her great ass facing me. My little bitch grabs my dick and positions it nice on that pussy. Her riding in this position was really something else. I always loved why wild and crazy she is when it comes to sliding on the cock. A riding medal should be given to her. I was really close to an orgasm. How do you fuck this bitch when she makes such simulative sounds. But I bared just enough for her to come for a couple of times. Each time I saw her spank her own ass I went crazy. I love her bush! Nice trim body and I agree that the way she plays with her anus, she loves anal. I hope she let me that some day. I helped her ride by pulling and pushing her butt cheeks. The time came to finish her, so I spread her legs and started fucking her rough in a position with a great view of her tits. I was ready, so my hot girlfriend got on her knees and I splashed my cum all over her cute face! At that moment her father entered the room, he looked down and there was his slutty daughter licking my cum off of my cock!   You can download this FULL 45 MIN LONG sex tape! Those of you who have a hard-on for amateur sexy chicks getting fucked and girlfriends getting boned on leaked footage, check out Iknowthatgirl a place that is all about amateur sex with girls you just might know all delivered in HD videos. For all you niche loving fans, this is the Mecca of casual sex, sneaky sex and caught fucking videos. Grab your membership now! Teens go crazy when their boyfriends fuck and film them on camera.