Being a model isn’t an easy job. Every time I go to work, it’s a different location. With all these different venues to go to, I usually can’t even know what to expect from the next one. You can only imagine my surprise when I was told that I will be posing nude in my next job. The place was a university, I was supposed to pose for art majors so that they can practice their painting techniques. Naturally, I was fine with this, it’s always good to nurture the minds of young people with art. The thing I didn’t know was that the art majors will all be the sexiest young girls I have ever seen in my entire life. Seriously, they were all slim, athletic, and smooth, around their 20s. I felt like it was going to be heaven posing for them fully naked. Once I took all of my clothes off and I got in the room where the college girls were supposed to draw me, I was seated down facing this gorgeous brunette. The girls all seem to have been amazed by what I look like so I felt pretty good about myself. I started posing and tried my best not to stare at the brunette. However, my eyes couldn’t take that kind of injustice and I went on to take a peek. The teen girl was stunning, and she had a really interesting look on her face, almost as if she wants me to continue watching her. Eventually, she started doing things that I couldn’t believe. The teen slut pulled her shirt down a little bit and revealed one of her tits to me. I was completely taken away by this since she was surrounded by her classmates and it was a very risky endeavor to participate in. I can’t say that she didn’t pique my interest especially with her nipple piercing. So we continue on with the posing and drawing and the slut unzips her denim shorts, I kid you not. I’m simply blown away at this point and I want to see what else she has to offer on her repertoire. As things are heating up and getting more and more interesting, the hot teen takes both of her titties out and keeps showing them to me. The other nipple is pierced too so I’m just ecstatic about getting some of that hot college girl ass. With all this excitement going on, I didn’t even notice that I was getting hard. I should have seen it coming seeing as how hot these girls are. In my moment of blunder, their professor came in to see the students’ progress, and just as expected, she saw my rock solid penis. I tried to apologize for my incapability to not get a hard on, but she just wasn’t having it. She called for a time-out while I got my shit back together and then they would continue with the project. As they were exiting though, I saw that the sexy brunette is taking her sweet time to ensure that she was the last one going out. I was sure that she was doing it on purpose, and eventually, my suspicions were proven to be true. The hot teen babe saw the last person out, and then she closed the door behind them. They didn’t even notice that she stayed inside. I immediately knew what she wanted so I went up to her and she got on her knees. She started sucking me really well, and I was having the time of my life.   The blowjob was really good and I was pleasantly surprised with how deep she took my dick down her throat. She moved her head like a pro and I had my dick explore every inch of her mouth. We had to follow that up with something, so naturally I started fucking her immediately. I know how to treat the ladies and the girls get super hot. I fucked her from the side as she was lying down and I went really hard. Yes, I like Porn Art! I started hammering into her cum soaked cunt, holding her hands and slamming up against her ass. This was unreal. The young naked girl was pushing back against my hammering cock. As I thrusted hard and deep my balls were slapping against her young pussy. I liked her nipple and clithood piercing! After that she lied down on her back over the table with her head hanging off the edge and I started shoving my dick inside her throat again. She started licking and sucking her juices off of it. I fucked her face more. The naked college girl rode me hard, her perfect ass bounced up and down. She was impaling her pussy on my big cock over and over again. Finally, after having her ride me and fucking her doggy style, I came inside her filling the teen whore up completely.