I promised my friend that I would record a game for him on the TV one day. However my recording software was broken so I had to film it with the camera. Just as I began to record, I heard someone knock on the door. I opened the door to my apartment without thinking twice about it and these two robbers come storming into my house with two guns. I was completely taken away and a little freaked out as the girls were pointing pistols at me. The strange part was, they were wearing ski masks, but they were wearing skimpy clothes below that. They had a see-through black shirt and bra on their tops and really skimpy denim shorts down below. The girls told me to get the fuck down so I had to do what they said. They started counting down from five until I told them where the money is. Once they counted down to zero, I tensed my muscles up expecting the worst. I heard gunshots from both of their pistols and expected to be dead by that point. To my surprise, however, I was fine without a single scratch on me. The robbers proceeded to take off their masks and it turned out that they were just my friends who wanted to prank me. The girls got me good, no doubt, and I felt a sense of relief knowing that they wouldn’t harm me. The fun for them did not stop there though, as they told me that they have one more surprise for me. I was confused, basically not knowing what to expect at this point. I was completely stunned though when the girls started making out right there in front of me. They were both really hot blondes and I can’t lie that I have never thought about them sexually. If I ever got the chance, I would definitely fuck both of them. I thought that that would be the end of it, however, I felt pleased to know that they would be giving me much more than just that. I patiently waited to see what the girls have in store for me and they both got on their knees in front of me while I was still tied up. The hot babes pulled down my pants revealing my already rock solid cock. They were amazed by its size, and you could really see that on their happy faces. The sluts wanted it really badly and so they both started sucking on it. They were switching between who’s sucking on my dick every few seconds. While one of them was sucking, the other one would be licking my shaft and sucking on my ball sack. They were really energetic about the whole thing and I could tell that they were enjoying themselves. These two naked Pussy Riot didn’t stop there though and they laid me down on my back as one of them sat on my face making me lick her pussy! The other one kept on sucking my dick like a natural. The crazy slut grabbed my head and pulled me in so tight that I could hardly breathe, she was moaning and humping her cunt against my face, I was lapping quickly at her pussy trying to take all of her juices into my mouth. I enjoyed every second of her cunt but at this point I wanted more. So one of the naked girls climbed on my cock and started riding me like a little cowgirl while her friend held her perfect ass. She spread her frined’s ass cheeks, rubbed her anus with her nails and licked her ass crack. The babe literally slammed her ass down on my cock as I squeezed her incredible ass cheeks. After a while I felt saturated with the feeling of her pussy and I wanted to fuck the other one. So I bent her over and started savagely fucking her doggy style. Two naked girls were licking each other’s pussies while I was pounding them from behind. They pushed me on the back and continued riding my dick. The sexy skinny naked girl rode me slowly at first and then hard, her cunt riding high on my huge cock shaft and then fucking down hard onto my length, her soft ass cheeks sliding against my swollen balls each time she thrust down. During the entire thing the naked girls would put their masks on and off making the entire experience that much kinkier. I filled their mouths up with so much cum that it poured out of them.   Want to see the hottest, sexiest and craziest girlfriends getting fucked on camera in some homemade sex videos? Do you like POV sex videos, real girls, sneaky, cheating and almost caught sex? If any of that sounds appealing to you, then MOFOS is about to pleasantly surprise you. Whether you’re into teens, babes or MILFS, you’ll be sure to find a ton of hot girls and amateur porn. The best part is that these girls were being naughty for their own boyfriends, the girls were sure the sextape was only for them, but we eventually got to see.