I was in for a big surprise when I woke up early in the morning and found my sexy stepsister in bed with me, with a wicked smile on her naughty face as she stared down at my throbbing morning wood. Man, I always wake up with a massive erection and this morning was no exception. The only difference was, instead of having to jerk off to make it go away, my sexy sis was going to take care of it. She got naked in front of me and I reached out, fondling her soft breasts and feeling how hard her nipples were getting. She took my hands in hers, guiding them all over her hot naked body. My stepsister is a skinny slut with a trained body and nice big all natural tits. I would like if I said I never masturbated thinking about her. She cupped her tits in her hands and played with them, teasing me with them. The sexy naked girl swayed her hips from side to side while peeling down her panties, turning over and showing me her fabulous bubble shaped ass, looking over her shoulder with a coy smile. While she was done on her hands and knees, I spanked her ass, spreading her lovely butt cheeks wide open. Watching the crack of her ass and her sexy little chocolate starfish only made my morning wood get even firmer. I spread her legs wide open and went down on her, licking and sucking on that hairy pussy, making her moan and squirm with pleasure. I liked her pussy, alternating between deep excursions into her vagina with my tongue, to the delicate licking of her pink clit, to the rapid side-to-side caressing of her wet lips. Then it was time for her to suck my cock and a pushed her head against my crotch so she could deep throated, holding her there, so fucking hot and nasty. She really wanted me to fuck her, my naked sister sat on my lap with her fabulous ass facing my way as she pushed my hard cock inside her gushing cunt so she could ride me in reverse cowgirl position. She pushed her ass up and arched her back. “OHHHHH…FUCK YES.. . FUCK ME!” After a while, she got tired of that position and flipped over, squatting over my member so she could ride me in classic cowgirl. I liked the way she played with her pussy, masturbating while she got fucked by my cock. I put her down on her hands and knees and pounded her dripping wet pussy doggy style from behind and blew my load all over her perfect ass. 