This sexy student has been in this class for weeks, patiently waiting for her school teacher to pick her, and now, this little brunette bitch shows up out of nowhere and gets his cock in her ass on her first day. However, the teacher is not impressed at all by her petty jealous behavior. This is his school, his class, his rules. If she insists on continuing with her behavior, he’ll have to punish her for it. He grabs her by her choker, making her get on her hands and knees over his desk and while one of the students holds her feet, she hikes up her skirt and gets her juicy bubble butt a much needed spanking. It doesn’t take long for her butt cheeks to turn red as she feels the sting of his crop spanking her so hard. After he’s done, he whips out his huge cock, already throbbing hard as he pulls her panties aside and pushes it deep inside her tight little asshole. He doesn’t even give her time to react, stretching out her sphincter and making her gasp for breath as he begins giving her a hard-core anal pounding. Well, after all, wasn’t this what the anal slut wanted so bad? He makes her stand against his desk, bending her over, her cheek against the cold wooden surface, feeling that huge cock inside her asshole, slamming her hard against the desk. She moans, fully enjoying the sensation of a heavy cock in her ass. The teen girl drops to her knees, sucking and stroking his giant dick, drenching it with her saliva, tasting her dirty asshole on it. He holds her head with both hands, ramming his cock down her throat, fucking her mouth. Her saliva drips from the sides of her lips and down her chin, she can’t help herself. The horny teacher makes the schoolgirl lick his balls before spreading her legs wide open and fucking her cunt in missionary position over his desk. She plays with her pussy while he fucks her, riding on top of the teacher’s lap. He makes her stand, turn over and sit back on his cock, this time, impaling her asshole on it. She starts slamming her cute teen ass down on his thighs with a smack. Her asshole is still tight and so sensitive. These school anal sluts must be punished by their teacher. She rubs her pussy while he fucks her ass with his thick cock, stretching out her little asshole. Finally the teacher cums into her asshole, and makes the girls stick their faces into her ass and lick all the cum out of her asshole. After they are done, the anal slut gets to use a double ended jelly dildo on that little brunette bitch, making her suck it while she jerks off the teacher’s cock and takes her rightful place as the teacher’s anal slut. 