These partying girls need to be taught a lesson and learn some motivation. After a long night of partying, the girls snuck upstairs to sleep it off but their dads, who proudly serve in the military and hold their daughters up to higher values than the ones they are displaying right now and decided to teach them a lesson. What these girls need is some hard discipline! Screaming and shouting, barking orders at the top of their lungs, they make the girls get up from bed and start doing push-ups for them. The girls are hesitant at first, even a bit confrontational, until they realize how serious their dads are. These sluts may know how to party all night long, but they can’t perform a single decent push-up, even if their lives depended on it. Each dad grabs each other’s daughter, the good old military disciplinary tactic known as the daughter swap, so they can punish and discipline them adequately. This slut knows her dad is a softy, but her friend’s dad, totally different kind of man! He puts her against the wall, slapping her ass repeatedly before ordering her down on her knees. She can’t believe as she watches him pulling out his big fat cock and when she opens up her mouth to complain, he rams it inside it and starts throat fucking her! “Stop, stop it” she begs, but the dad just ignores her. This slut finds herself obediently sucking and stroking her best friend’s dad’s hefty sausage. He strips her naked and throws her over the bed, down on her hands and knees and starts banging her dripping wet pussy doggy style from behind. He holds her firmly by her hips and gives it to her good, making her scream and grunt as that fat military dick fills her undisciplined cunt and stretches it out into a well disciplined pussy! In the other room, her friend is down on her knees and stuffing her mouth with her dad’s big fat cock. She’s actually enjoying herself, terribly turned on. She had no idea her best friend’s dad was so strict and had such a huge cock, she absolutely loves that. The teenage girl knows she’s a spoiled brat in need of a strict man who knows how to discipline her. She welcomes the punishment, more so when it comes in the shape of that big delicious cock. Meanwhile, her friend finds herself experiencing an intense orgasm while getting her pussy pounded hard in missionary position by her dad. He’s pounding her harder, his rock hard dick slamming against her pussy, his balls are slapping on her anus. He rams his cock balls deep into her young tight cunt. The young naked girl gets her tight teen pussy nearly split in half. These dads are serious about getting their daughters back in the right mindset. The naked girls are then commanded to ride a dick! Now she’s begging him to fuck her, climbing on top of his lap and riding him in cowgirl position. He presses her hot naked body against his and pounds her so hard, making her whimper and beg for more and more.   Pleasure from the old man heavy fucking fills her pussy, his dick is pounding harder and harder into her hot, wet cunt. More punishment, more dick, more discipline, more fucking! Her friend is already totally naked and she can hear her wild screams form across the wall. Her dad is definitely pounding her brains out! He has her in missionary position too and he’s giving it to her so good, she won’t b able to walk straight for weeks after getting her pussy fucked raw by his rock hard boner! The girls get to ride on top, both in cowgirl and reverse, their small breasts bouncing up and down as the daughters get impaled on these gifted military meat swords. They put the naked girls on their hands and knees, pulling their hair and plowing them doggy style from behind. The girls have never been fucked so hard before. These two military old men know how to treat sluts. As their swapped daddies start blowing loads of hot and creamy cum all over them, these dirty girls have definitely learned their lesson.