Blair is spending the night at her boyfriend’s house, but she can’t sleep, so she goes downstairs to the kitchen for a drink of water. It looks like her boyfriend’s dad can’t sleep either, and she offers to make him a snack. She’s wearing a sexy, tight tank top that sticks to her big tits and her hard nipples are marking through the fabric. Blair realizes her boyfriend’s dad is interested in a different type of snack the what she had in mind. The tension between them is palpable, as he gets close to her and starts unbuttoning her top and exposes her big breasts, softly passing his hands over her breasts and pushing her against the kitchen wall. She stands there submissively looking at him as he keeps rubbing her tits. The babe takes off her top and we see two of the most beautiful tits with two erect nipples standing upward. The seduction scene is very erotic, with light tones of domination and submission. Perfect erotic scene with a perfect girl. This beautiful babe looks so innocent but she likes to be seduced by the older man. All her sexual fantasies come to life when he plays with her breasts, squeezing her nipples with both hands. She feels her pussy becoming wet. Blair finds herself terribly turned on by this encounter and offers no resistance when her boyfriend’s dad starts kissing her, pushing his wet tongue inside her mouth. She feels his strong hands all over her body, reaching under her lace panties. His fingers spread her tender pink pussy lips and he begins to finger bang her. Man, her pussy is gushing so bad! Squeezes her big tits together, kissing and sucking on her nipples. The babe tries to stay quiet as her boyfriend’s father plays with her pussy, but her moans make them worry about waking up the whole house! They are startled by some noises and lights going on in the adjacent room. He tells her to stay quiet, his hand covering her mouth, the other still inside her panties and finger banging her pussy. The lights go off and they hear steps walking away and the rush of almost getting caught overcomes Blair as her boyfriend’s dad puts her back against the kitchen counter, pulling her panties down and muff diving her. She feels that smooth tongue inside her soaking wet snatch, as if it was fucking her. She just wants to cream herself. They move to the bedroom, where they can take advantage of the extra privacy for a passionate sex session. The naked babe gets down on her knees while her boyfriend’s dad rams his huge cock down her throat and fucks her mouth, holding her head still with his hands. Being fucked in the mouth, this is what she really loves. He makes her choke and gag on his cock, thick ropes of drool dripping from the sides of her lip and down her chin. He sits on a chair and the naked girl sits on his lap, pushing his huge cock inside her tight cunt, riding him in cowgirl position. She moans with each thrust, her eyes closed, not believing what is happening. Her big 100% natural succulent tits are against his face.   His hands all over her ass turn her on, she places his throbbing member between her soft breasts and gives him a tit job. After fucking her wonderful tits, he tells her to sit on his lap again, but this time with her juicy bubble butt facing his way, riding his hard shaft in reverse cowgirl position. He puts her on her back, on the bed, with her legs spread wide open and eats her out while she rubs her clit. Pressing her nice tits together, her boyfriend’s dad fucks them once again and she sucks his big dick. Down on her hands and knees, her eyes go blank as she gets fucked doggie style from behind. The room echoes with the sound of his hips slamming against her juicy ass. He is so close to cumming, he won’t let her go now. He slaps her ass and grabs her hair, pulling her hair and fucking the slut so hard. Wow this is incredible. This girl haven’t came that hard in a longgg time. He’s getting closer too, so he pulls the naked girl, lowers her head and spreads his cum all over that beautiful face and her big tits! She will have no problem falling asleep with her boyfriend after this hot fuck!