I was surprised when my stepdaughter came back home from classes much earlier than usual. She seemed pretty upset, but didn’t want to tell me what was going on, storming off to her bedroom. I waited for a while, then went to check on her. She was slumped in her bed, her polka dotted red dress was hiked over her hips, and I could actually see her cotton panties and tight butt cheeks. I tried to get her to open up about what was bothering her and finally she told me that her boyfriend had broken know what her right before the Valentine’s Day dance. What a jerk! She really wanted to go and now that they were done, her plans were ruined. She put her head in the pillow, sobbing and I caressed her thigh trying to comfort her. Her skin was so soft and warm. I couldn’t help moving my hand all the way up to her butt. Since this seemed to soothe her, I went on, pulling her cotton panties aside and sliding my fingers up and down her pink slit, feeling how wet it got as I touched her. She moaned softly as I gently massaged her tender asshole and pushed my finger inside her little cunt. Anything to make my stepdaughter feel better. She kept moaning and grunting softly as I slowly finger banged her. Her juices gushed onto my fingers which were rubbing her slit. As much as I wanted to continue, I stopped and left her alone. The next day, she surprised me with a huge Valentine’s Day card dedicated to me. “To the best stepdaddy in the world: Roses are red, Daisies are white, I’m going to straddle you and fuck you all night! xoxoxo” I felt touched, I guess I managed to make her feel better about herself after all. My step daughter looked much happier, in a sexy red dress, sitting between my legs, passing her hands up and down my thighs. My cock was getting so hard! The little slut just smiled, unbuckling me and taking it in her hands and then into her mouth! The teen whore sucked the head of my cock between her lips and her tongue began to make swirls around it. I guess this was her way to thank me for yesterday! As if the card wasn’t enough! With her eyes looking into my, my stepdaughter gave me a fantastic blowjob. She passed her slick tongue all over my cock and even my balls, sucking them with such gusto! She took my hand and guided me to her bedroom. I lie down on her bed as she stripped naked and straddled herself on top, taking my hard cock in her hands and pushing it inside her gushing cunt. She leaned her head back as she enjoyed the feeling of the cock slide deep inside her virgin pussy. Her flawless perky youthful titties were in front of my eyes. Once all the way in she started to move her hips up and down, riding me in cowgirl position. I couldn’t believe it.   I was fucking my very own stepdaughter. Man, her stupid ex-boyfriend was really missing out! She looked so fucking sexy, her skinny naked body, her small trembling breasts, her perky erect nipples, her long hair flowing in loose locks as she rode on her step daddy’s dick.  “Mmm, yes, daddy!” she whimpered as I grabbed her small firm breasts and she flipped over, showing off that beautiful round ass while riding me in reverse cowgirl. The young naked girl grabbed my balls as I pushed my finger inside her asshole, the double penetration from my cock in her snatch and my finger in her chocolate starfish made her squirm with pleasure, squeezing my balls tightly in her grip. Her bed rest was slamming hard against the bedroom wall as she got down on her hands and knees, spreading her butt cheeks wide open with her hands as I fucked her doggie style from behind. She convulsed and screamed as her teen cunt shot out her juices over my dick. The smile on her face was priceless as I fucked her in missionary position. Forget about her loser ex-boyfriend, her step daddy is her Valentine now!