Hannah’s dad opens the door and finds his daughter’s best friend, cute teen Nina was the one doing the knocking. It appears the girl left one of her textbooks in her friend’s room and came to pick it up. It’s odd that she would pass by with his daughter is not home, but it doesn’t take long for him to realize the textbook story is just an excuse for her to seduce him, since she’s into older men like him! He has mixed feelings and emotions about this. She is, after all, his daughter’s best friend. She’s also a hot teen, wearing a sexy top and short skimpy jeans and she’s sitting on his lap and giving him one hell of a boner. At the end, he lets his dick make this judgment call and starts making out with the sexy teen. He helps her off her top while kissing her soft lips and she undresses him, grabbing his big cock in her hands, sucking and stroking it. The young girl gives him an amazing blowjob, getting on her back while she swallows his member and plays with his balls. These teens today are so experienced! Her little mouth does things he does incredible things to his cock. He moves his pelvis back and forth, fucking her mouth while he rubs her wet snatch and fingers her. He also plays with her nice tits and pinches those perky nipples. Her young breasts are so erect! He puts the naked girl on her hands and knees, pushing his hard cock deep inside her gushing cunt, fucking his daughter’s best friend doggie style from behind. “Fuck me, fuck me…” she moans softly while she straddles herself on top of him, riding him in cowgirl position. Her breasts brush against his chest and his face and he can feel Nina’s warm breath on his neck and behind his ears. This teen slut is such a whore in the sack! He fucks her as fast as he can, he can hear the sexy smacking sound his dick does against her tight clam. Nina flips over into reverse cowgirl and pushes her naked body up and down his hard meat pole. Her nude body is so beautiful, her perky little titties are quite flawless, her bald pussy is so tender, her body overall is stunning… pretty.. seeing her so aroused and having sex is absolutely enjoyable and sensual. He puts the naked teen girl on her back and fucks her sideways while kissing her neck, ready to blow his load all over this sexy teen vixen. Now Nina spends much less time with her best friend, and a lot more with her hot dad! 