This sexy blonde cougar mom with big tits drops the laundry basket to the floor when she catches her daughter making out with her boyfriend while she’s busting her ass keeping the house clean and tidy. Sick and tired of her bratty, spoiled attitude, she sent the teen to the kitchen to clean it up. In the meantime, the sexy bimbo slut is going to have some fun with her boyfriend. Wearing a sexy tank top, tied down shirt and tight jeans, the hot blonde cougar drops to her knees, pulling down on the boyfriend’s jeans and exposing his big hard cock, throbbing hard as she pops it inside her wet mouth and starts giving this young punk a hot blowjob. Holding it firmly by the base, she passes her slick tongue all over his shaft and the mushroom shaped tip of his dick, already glistening with precum. The blonde leans over the kitchen counter, keeping an eye on her daughter while her boyfriend is licking her tight asshole. She is smokin’ hot. Perfect bimbo, love her! His girlfriend thinks she’s done with the kitchen, but her mom has several different more tasks to keep her busy while she’s busy with her boyfriend’s dick. Will her daughter realize why her whore mother has her doing chores? Still bending over the kitchen counter, he rams his hard cock deep inside her gushing cunt, banging his girlfriend’s mom from behind. “Show me how you fuck” she tells the boy while he pounds her wet muff and admires her big tits dangling over her bra. She squats, rubbing her dripping with pussy while sucking and stroking his big hefty sausage. No wonder her daughter is slacking off so much, so would she, if she had a boyfriend with a cock as big as his. She grabs on tight to the kitchen counter while he lifts her leg up over his shoulder and continues pounding her pink pussy burger. Now that the kitchen floor is clean, the horny mom makes him lie on it, jumping on top of him, pushing his big cock inside her cunt and riding him in cowgirl position, with her big tits bouncing up and down. The hot blonde babe gets on her back, grabbing her legs by under her knees and holding them separated so he can keep pounding her hard in missionary position. She wants him to cum all over her face and her big tits. Her daughter can clean up after they’re done! 