I recently started working as a maid for this fancy couple and while cleaning out the bedroom, this beautiful Pearl necklace caught my eye. I just couldn’t help myself, I needed to try it on and see how it would go with my big tits, popping a couple of buttons from my work uniform and checking myself out in the mirror. Unfortunately, the husband walked in when I was trying on his wife’s pearls, and boy, he was so pissed off! I wasn’t expecting what happened next at all! He told me that since I enjoyed trying on his wife’s stuff so much, I should try on her lingerie! It was a sexy red lace onesie and I could feel the silky fabric against my naked skin as I tried it on for him. Fuck, I was so turned on! He made me get down on my hands and knees and keep cleaning while wearing his wife’s lingerie and started using the duster to play with my ass! Oh my God! My nipples felt so hard, my cunt was gushing feeling those soft feathers from the duster brushing against it. “Get on your knees and suck me you teen slut.” I got on my knees as he whipped out his cock. It was so big and hard! I latched onto it like a leech, LOL! I just wanted to suck it and feel it inside my mouth! “Oh yes, fuck baby suck that dick!” Suddenly, he put his hands over my head, holding it still and started ramming his cock down my throat, fucking my mouth! Yes, it made me gag like crazy, but it felt awesome! He put me against the counter, bending me over. “Young sluts like you deserve to be fucked hard!” I could feel his hands groping my ass, spreading my butt cheeks wide open and that hard, hot cock been pushed inside my tight cunt. He started fucking me from behind, banging my body against the counter. I moaned as I felt his dick throb and heard him moan with pleasure. As he fucked me hard, I just wanted more and I don’t wish for him to stop. He put me on my knees and fucked my mouth again. He sat down and told me to get on top, riding on that big hard cock, grabbing on tight so I wouldn’t fall off. He fucked me from behind while I played with my tits until he jizzed all over my face. I swallowed a lot as he continued shooting his sticky cum onto my big tits.  