Wife brings the blonde next door slut over for a threesome with her husband! This horny husband sneaks the sexy next door neighbor into the backseat of the car so he can make out with her while he pops her big tits over her tight top and fondles them, taking her perfect nipples to his lips so he can suck real hard on them. The sexy babe tussles his curly bangs while breast feeding the neighbor, she just loves stealing another woman’s man from underneath her nose! What a slut! She unzips his pants and exclaims “Oh my God!” when she sees just how huge his cock is. While she starts giving him head, the man’s wife comes out of the house to grab the mail and can’t help noticing the odd way her husband’s car is rocking back and forth. When she asks what’s going on, he gives her a lame ass excuse, telling her he’s fixing the car. Of course she doesn’t buy into that shit. She’s seen the way he looks at the next door neighbor every time she passes in front of their house wearing her revealing outfits and tight shorts, that slut! If he’s going to have fun with that bitch, she’s not just going to sit back and watch! The sexy wife takes them back inside the house and sits them on the couch, reaching over to grab the blonde neighbor’s firm breasts and squeeze it in her hand as she kisses her soft lips. These two just need an experienced woman like this MILF is to show them how much more fun it is when you don’t need to hide. She spreads her legs wide open and parts aside her silky hot pink panties, sliding her slick tongue up and down her wet slit, tasting her juices and watching how hard her husband is getting while watching her going full blown lesbian on the next door neighbor. Everybody gets naked and these two sexy naked girls share the husband’s big throbbing erection, sucking and stroking it together, licking his balls and making out while they give him head. The girls eat his dick in such a sexy, slow and sensual way, giving his big dick soft noisy kisses and moaning while they devour his genitals. The wife finds herself so turned on with the blonde neighbor watching her sucking her husband’s cock and she can swear his dick has never been so big and hard before. She feeds the blonde with her man’s cock and then it’s time to fuck. Her big tits bounce up and down and her pierced pussy can feel her husband’s huge dick pounding her hard while she rides him in reverse cowgirl position, squatting over him and feeling the blonde’s hands all over her body, almost as she were worshiping her. It feels so good! The blonde reaches between her legs, rubbing her wet muff, masturbating to the view of her next-door neighbors fucking right in front of her. Of course, the horny babe can’t wait for her turn on top of that big delicious sex sausage. But before she gets her chance, the wife sits on her face so she can eat her out while she sucks her husband’s member. She spreads her legs so he can fuck her in missionary position, fingering her cunt while the blonde straddles herself on top and pushes her pussy against her mouth. Finally, the husband puts the blonde down on her hands and knees and she feels that big hard cock been pushed deep inside her gushing cunt, fucking her doggie style from behind while she devours his wife’s delicious cunt, both of the girls ready to taste his hot and creamy spunk and swap it back and forth. 