My girlfriend and I decided it’s finally time to move in together so I took a day off from work to search for a house for her and me. You know how sometimes while looking for something you end up finding something else? Well, I had the very same experience. While looking for a house I found a sexy real estate agent. While this ravishing brunette showed me this house, instead of paying attention to the place, I couldn’t take my eyes off her smoking hot body. The woman had big tits and ass, just the way like my ladies. She wore a sexy black, short outfit with high heels and she had beautiful, long legs and several tattoos. Something about older women has always turned me on. They are so experienced, and so confident. This chick knew how to seal a deal too. When we got to the bedroom, the hot brunette sat on the big king size bed, inviting me to sit by her side, telling me not to be shy. She told me she would personally help make sure every piece of furniture in this house was up to par, starting with the bed. To seal the deal, she unbuttoned her blouse. Her big tits were popping in her sexy lace bra. She had this massive tattoo covering her sexy back and we started making out as I stripped her naked. I cupped her big fun bags in my hands, drawing her puffy nipples to my mouth and sucking hard on them. I kissed them loudly and passed my hands all over her stunning body along with hers. The naked woman swung her body in a sensual slow dance, teasing me and turning me on with her wicked charms. I kissed her lower back while peeling her lacy panties down her sensual thighs. Fuck, I swear you could bounce quarter off that juicy bubble butt! She got between my legs, sucking and stroking my big throbbing member with a dirty smile on her face. She passed her lips up and down my shaft, making loud slurping sounds. Her big tits were dangling while she gave me head, moaning with satisfaction as she gobbled up my meat pole. I love noisy blowjobs and this one was turning me on. After slobbering all over my big dick, the hot beautiful naked woman climbed on top, with her meaty ass facing my way as she pushed my dick inside her wet muff. Her mature feminine figure looked amazing. She spread her buttocks and slammed herself down! She sighed softly as she rode me in reverse cowgirl position, looking over her shoulder. She was perfect, her ass was smooth and round. Her ass was grinding from side to side and gyrating in circular motions, squeezing My dick with her vagina walls.   The naked babe flipped over with one swift movement and now her big tits were all over my face and she was grinding her hot naked body against mine as we fucked like crazy. She arched her body back and rocked her body back and forth and to the sides like she was dancing a Lambada on my dick! I’M FUCKING CUMMING! I had never seen a woman riding a dick like that! It was amazing! She writhed on my cock, feeling my balls against her ass. The crazy slut got in reverse cowgirl again and just kept riding me like crazy. I told her I wanted to fuck her doggie style from behind, so she got on her hands and knees and I push my hard cock between her delicious butt cheeks, pounding her so hard. Man, this gorgeous bitch looked hot and sexy in every single position you could put her. She got on her back and spread her legs wide open, rubbing her wet muff while telling me to fuck her hard. The MILF pressed her big tits together, eagr for me to blow my creamy load all over them and in her mouth too. She couldn’t stop enjoying the big cock and my cum. This lady was something else! Man, I wouldn’t really mind ditching my girlfriend and moving into my new place with my sexy real estate agent instead!