I just got home and found a recipe in the floor for an outrageous amount of money spent on lingerie and sex toys! This was charged to the credit card I gave my stepdaughter for her study expenses, so you can imagine how pissed off I am. I go to her bedroom to confront her with this but I stop a few feet away from her bedroom door when I hear moans and grunts coming from inside. The door is not fully closed, so I can take a peek inside. There is my stepdaughter, wearing a sexy red lingerie outfit and pounding her dripping with pussy with a big rubber cock. Yes, those must be the new things she bought for herself with my money! There’s lingerie, sex toys, vibrators and dildos scattered all over her bed. What a slut! I interrupt her and show her the bill. She freaks out when I tell her I’m going to cut her off until her mother about the way she’s spending her study money. The little teen slut begs me not to, and I’m willing to let her off the hook, but not before she sucks me off. Her mom still thinks she’s a virgin, but I know she’s a slut. I make her get naked and try on all that sexy lingerie for me. After all, I paid for it. She looks pretty sexy wearing it and I tell her to get down on her hands and knees while whipping out my cock. It’s already so fucking big and hard and I thrusting inside her mouth and make this bitch suck it. I hold her head still and I fuck her mouth, pushing my cock down her throat. If she can take that big rubber cock, she can take her stepdad’s dick too. After feeding her my cock several times, I spread her legs wide open and start fucking that delicious pussy in missionary position, with her legs spread wide open. Man, getting to fuck my step daughter feel so good! She likes it too, especially when I put her on all fours, grabbing her hair and pulling on it while I fuck her doggie style from behind. I ram my cock deep into her, my hips slamming against her juicy ass, driving my hard dick deeper and deeper into her young pussy, stretching her cunt. My hot naked step daughter climbs on top of my cock, sitting on my lap and riding me like a whore! She wants me to fuck her hard and blow my load all over her sexy body! 