Since I’m quite a geek, I spend most of my days hanging out at the park and playing chess with other geeks, nerds and old men, so I was quite surprised when this gorgeous blond with glasses started coming around and playing with me. She has to be the cutest and sexiest girl. As hot as she looked, I still didn’t make it easy on her, and after losing several games to me, I guess she realized she needed to change her strategy and take advantage of her obvious physical qualities in order to entice me and give her the much-needed edge to put me into a checkmate. It didn’t take her long to figure it out, standing in front of me and hiking up her sexy skirt, showing me that she wasn’t wearing any panties underneath. Man, I had never seen a real pussy so close! She grabbed one of the chess pieces and started rubbing it against her tender pink pussy lips. I could see the tip of the chess piece glistening with her pussy juices as she smiled naughtily at me, watching me pitch a tent. With one swift move, the sexy girl brushed the chess pieces aside, jumping over the checkerboard table and spreading her legs wide open, offering me that mouth watering cunt. I was ready to prove to her that I was more than just a chess playing geek, I was a man, a real man! Man, after a couple of minutes of eating that pussy, I swear my tongue was getting numb, but her snatch was simply delicious, so pink, so hot, so wet! She was gushing while I gave her oral sex. Her pussy was perfectly shaved and I nibbled and tugged on her cunt lips and clit as she moaned softly, letting me know that I was doing a good job. The hot girl rolled her tank top over her breasts, cupping them in her hands and fondling them gently while I continued munching on her rug. That’s when she got to work on my cock, making me lie flat on my back over the chess table, grabbing my big throbbing member in her soft hands and taking it all in, almost swallowing it whole and she gave me a wicked hot blowjob that almost makes me blow my load right there on the spot. The babe was fucking amazing. So beautiful. I felt the head of my cock entered her throat and the horny slut pushed it forward, taking me down her throat in a single motion. I couldn’t stop thinking about pumping my cum into her mouth. Fortunately, I was able to hold it in as she continued showing me her impressive fellatio skills. Holding my cock firmly at the base, she deep throated me, holding it inside her mouth as long as possible before releasing it. What a rush! She had several tattoos all over her hot body, sexy black fingernails and piercings on her nipples and navel. The young naked girl climbed on top of me, urging me to stick my dick inside her wet cunt so she could ride me in cowgirl position. My geek virgin boy days were over, I was finally banging a girl, and a hot one, outdoors, in the public park! I was beyond myself! The head of my penis right against the sweet opening, she lowered herself and my dick entered her pussy.   The hot teen continued to pushed her cunt onto my dick as I was relishing the feeling of a pussy. The friction of her pussy against my dick was something incredible! Her pussy was shaved completely and pierced nips were awesome. After riding my cock, the sexy naked girl got on her back and spread her legs wide open, pushing my prick back inside her tight snatch so we could fuck in missionary position. Now I was pounding into her gushing cunt, pulling out until just the head was in and driving full force deep into her hot vagina. I wanted to repeat everything I had seen in porn videos! I told her to get down on her hands and knees and shoved my tongue deep inside her delicious asshole, tossing her salad before fucking her doggie style from behind. The young naked girl rode me in reverse cowgirl position too, twerking and grinding her sexy hips, slamming her cunt down onto my dick, playing with my balls and I heard all sorts of moaning and orgasmic cries. She had a few orgasms and wanted me to cum, pretty soon my cum was flying all over the place, splattering her face, her pigtails, her tits and even her glasses and all over the chess board! Check and mate!