If your mom saw you masturbating, you’d probably have the same problem as this guy. He’s supposed to get married this afternoon, but he still can’t get an erection ever since the day his mom saw him in his room rubbing on out. The guy knows that this will be a huge problem on the wedding night, or rather, a very small problem unless he does something about it. He gets the best professional sex therapist that he can find on such a short notice and asks her for help. Little did he know that this therapist has some unorthodox methods of healing people of their problems. He lies down and starts describing his problem to her and she starts noting this down. Of course, this is all just for show, as she knows what’s about to go down. After he finishes his monologue, the MILF starts showing him the solution to his problem. And my solution I mean she pulls out her gorgeous tits and shows them to him. The sexy woman tells him to start trying to get it up while he’s looking at them. He can’t believe that his soon-to-be wife’s tits couldn’t do it for him, but this hot therapist made it happen so quickly. His wife suddenly comes in with her bridal dress on. Just in time too, the girl notices that her lover finally has an erection and she can’t help herself and wait any longer before trying out that dick. The bride gets down on her knees in front of him and starts sucking him off without even pulling down his pants or taking anything else off. She sucks him off like never before, getting him in the mood even more, while the therapist watches from the background. She knows that she can get something out of this. The dude starts fucking his bride and she wants it in her ass! The girl has dreamed about anal and it was impossible with his impotence, but now she can enjoy his hard-on deep into her ass. He forces his hardness deep into her ass in one quick movement. I’ve never seen an asshole take cock so quickly. He fucks his bride anally right there in front of the therapist and so she gets an idea. She lies down next to the bride and tells her to start licking her pussy. The bride is so into the moment that she doesn’t even care so she starts giving oral to the therapist while her hubby fucks her hard from behind. They keep going until they all happily cum. 