I met my girlfriend in the gym one day. I guess that’s the common interest that we hooked up over. You know what they say about gym guys though. Usually, they work on their body because they have nothing to show for down there. Well, I’m about to prove that stereotype wrong and my girlfriend is about to find out how lucky she is that she got together with me. One day I catch her doing splits in the living room. She’s really good at those and I keep thinking that I could put her flexibility to work in some other ways. So, I come to her and I pick her up with my core strength. She seems really impressed, but that’s not all that I want from her. I lift up her shirt to reveal her tits. I start sucking on them in hopes of getting her in the mood. I’m already there as far as I’m concerned, just waiting for that horniness to hit her as well. When it does, I immediately place her on her knees in front of me. I wait for a moment and then pull out my dick as I can see that she’s anticipating it. When I do pull it out though, she is simply amazed by the gigantic size of it. The sexy babe really can’t believe her eyes that my dick is just that massive. Once she’s passed the initial stage of the shock though, I want to get down to action. The babe starts blowing me really nicely. She starts off slow but as time goes on she moves her head up and down faster and faster. She really has a good technique here and I feel just amazing while she’s doing it. I can’t really get enough of this though, so I need to move on to something stronger. I want to see how she can handle my dick inside her tiny little pussy. My naked girlfriend gets on the couch and I can’t wait to stretch apart that soaking wet pussy with my big dick. She lowers her pussy onto my cock, I aim my hard cock between her slippery lips, and she lets her weight slide down onto it. Once my cock is deep into her body she starts riding me hard. I fuck her for a long while as I listen to her moans of pleasure. After that, I place her so that she’s lying with her head on the floor and her tucked legs up on the couch. I want to bury myself as deep as I can inside her so that’s what I do. Afterwards, I let her ride me until I cum. 