The relationship between these two is just the worst. You’ve never seen a family this divided in your life. The sister and brother simply can’t stand each other. Luckily, their mom is a doctor, and she knows just the cure for this type of problem. She brought them together today in the living room to give them a therapy session. The mother says that they need to work on their intimacy. She instructs her daughter to kiss her step brother on the lips. So, when the sister does that the brother kisses back and you can already see their relationship healing a little bit. Afterwards, the mom starts going a bit more extreme. The kiss seems to have helped though so the brother and sister will do whatever she tells them to. She says that the sister has to give her brother a blowjob. This will, in her words, bring them closer together. She seems shocked that someone like her own mother could propose such a thing, but what can she do. She has to do what her mom says so she unzips her brother’s pants and pulls them down. The young sexy teen pulls out his dick and starts making it hard. After making it hard enough, the girl presses her cute lips against the tip of it and eventually slides it inside her mouth. She starts sucking on it like a pro, and her mom even helps her out with it. The slutty mom sits next to her and holds her hair while the daughter sucks harder and harder. Eventually, though they’ve had enough of that and the mother now wants the son to get activated. She spreads her daughter’s legs and tells the brother to start fucking her. The dude doesn’t even think twice, he’s having an amazing time as far as he’s concerned. So, he starts fucking her hard in that position. The mom holds the daughter’s legs while he penetrate her pussy. She instructs her virgin daughter in the art of loving and helps her stepson to fuck her tight pussy deeper, she is so tight! Eventually, she wants to get in on it as well, so the naked woman starts jerking off while the brother and sister change positions so she’s riding him. The mom gets some dick too from her son, the naked girls take turns riding him, slamming their cunts onto his dick, moaning and cumming together. The dude fucks his stepmom’s pussy so hard that her entire body is convulsing with orgasm after orgasm. There is so much cum that the cum leaks out from their cunts and mouthes and they all leave the therapy very satisfied. 