I have this noisy brother. He’s in a band and he plays the electric guitar so he’s always making a lot of noise in the house. I really wish that he would just keep it down. So, one day I’m doing my yoga routine and out of nowhere, I hear this music just start blasting through the house. It was my brother playing his music on his stupid guitar again. Apparently, he’s practicing for his band, but I really couldn’t care less since they’re a bunch of nobodies. So, I tell him to turn it down a notch and he simply refuses to listen to me. I am really getting aggravated by this so I immediately tell him that I’m not here to discuss this with him. He knows I do yoga every day and that it’s helping me keep my stress levels down. But since he’s a little brat, he doesn’t listen to me at all. He really doesn’t want to stop playing that stupid guitar, so I have to figure out another way to make him stop. I noticed that while we’re talking, he kept staring at my tits. I mean many guys tell me I have really nice big tits, but it’s so gross that my step brother is looking at them. However, maybe there’s something I can do here. I could take this situation to my advantage. Since he won’t keep it down the orthodox way, I guess I’ll just have to teach him a lesson. So, I look at him seductively before starting to dirty talk him. I see that he’s really into it, so I put my hand down to feel up his crotch. I rub over his trousers for a bit and I notice that he’s got quite a bulge going there. I immediately start thinking about all the naughty things that I can do with him now that I’ve got him hypnotized with my tits. I unzip his pants and start rubbing his underwear so that I can have a better feel for the contour of it. I feel up his dick and I can’t believe how massive it is. I was sure that the bulge was that big because of his thick cargo pants or something. Instead, it looks like it’s just his dick. I’m simply amazed and I can’t let this opportunity slip by. I haven’t had good sex in weeks, and while yoga is great and all, nothing beats a good dick going inside me. I get down on my knees and I can see that he really likes what I’m doing with him. He doesn’t seem to mind at all, I already knew that he is quite the perv. I pull out his dick and then I get to see it for all its glory. His cock is simply mesmerizing and I can’t wait to suck on it. I start blowing him hard as his dick penetrates my throat. Then he takes my head and starts fucking it. I know I want more than this so I let him play with my tits. He rubs them and starts circling my nipples with his fingers. He bends me over and starts eating me out. He is eating me out like crazy.   My step brother is sucking on my clit, kissing my clit, and then puts two fingers in my pussy going in and out. My juices trickle down from my pussy into his open mouth. I can’t wait to sit on that giant cock. I sit down and spread my legs for him. He starts absolutely destroying my pussy with his huge hard cock. It feels so good! I know that I’m close to cumming but I never could imagine that I would do it this way. Suddenly my cunt begins to squirt with each his thrust! I’ve seen girls squirting in porn videos but I would never have believed that I would squirt like a geyser. It turns him on even more and he keeps fucking me, his balls are slapping my anus with every thrust my pussy squirts and I squirm through the most powerful orgasm I have ever had. He does it like that for a while and then I start riding him like a little cowgirl. I feel my pussy climax again around his cock. I climax over and over again, I can’t stop myself squirting all over his bed. I take his big cock back into my mouth and suck him deeply. My pussy got stretched in several different positions. In the end, I let him fuck me doggy style until I squirt and he cums inside.