My girl is a stunning blonde girl who most of the guys would love to have a run at. I know I did and I remember what my train of thought was when I first saw her. Now, she is my girl and she is going to the beach in a bikini outfit that’s too revealing since I know that most of the dudes are going to be staring at her, trying to get in her panties. Not on my watch! So I gave her a hard time with her choice and she was giving me an attitude. At one point my babe showed me her ass and I got an idea. I was going to fuck her and she was going to go to the beach satisfied. This way, she’s gonna want to fuck just me. I put some lotion on her ass an excuse to get her naked, and from that moment on, she was mine. Naked, with a nice thick ass, small bobbies and a precious face, I wanted to fuck her then and there. As she was rubbing that oil all over her stunning body, my dick in my pants was singing. Her ass and shaved pussy look amazing with oil. Once my naked girlfriend was done with her body, she reached down to my dick and started slowly sucking on it. I have saggy balls, they stretch like crazy so it was amazing as she was sucking on them too as she was stroking my dick. My goddess mounted my dick once she was done with the blowjob and I fucked her deeply, all the way to her uterus. Her pussy was tight, I could feel the friction all the way throughout my dick and the suction her cunt was doing to my pecker. My girl rode me in this sweet cowgirl position where I could see her shaven pussy and my Johnson penetrating her puss. She was done. She was all over my willy and she was delirious. I knew my plan would work. I wouldn’t be surprised if my babe doesn’t even go to the beach after I cum all over her. As the gorgeous naked babe was riding me like a fiend, I felt it was time to let her suck me off one more time, do another go around and them cum in her. I wanted to cum in her face but I chose her pussy since this way she can feel me inside long before we stop fucking. I love my girl. 