I live with two roommates. They’re both kind of hot in their own way. One of the girls is a bit skinnier, while the other one is really curvy. You have to see them for yourself though to see how hot they are, really. The reason I’m telling you this is that, because they’re so damn hot, I simply couldn’t help myself but try to seduce both of them. Of course, neither one of the girls can know this fact, otherwise they’ll be insanely pissed at me probably. So, in secrecy, I started fucking them both. I’d fuck the skinny one when I wanted something like that, and I pounded the curvy one when I wanted a little extra. So, this has been going great for quite a while now and I really couldn’t be happier with how things are. Neither one of the teens knew that they weren’t the only one getting dick in the house. I started being kind of cocky to be honest, so I thought I could do something nice for both of them and buy them some sexy lingerie. I thought that the curvy one could use a transparent sort of dress, while the skinny one needs some tight lingerie. It could’ve went by smoothly as well, but I had to fuck something up, didn’t I. I accidentally mixed the presents up, so I gave each one of them the other person’s present. The babes immediately noticed it when they were trying on the presents, and they both came to me at the same time to get some answers. I was just stunned for a second when I’ve noticed what I’ve done and I needed to find a way out of that situation. So, I thought that, either I’ll turn this situation around for the better, or I’ll get slapped by both of them and I’ll never get those pussies ever again. Luckily, I tend to think really quickly on the spot. So, I tell the girls that it really isn’t a competition, and that they’re both insanely hot. They don’t take it so well at first, but after some sweet talking, they seem to be getting into it. In fact, I felt like I could get even more out of this situation, so I start suggesting that maybe we can have a little threesome together. The girls immediately seem interested, and it might just be cause of the nice gifts that I got them, or maybe they’re both just huge sluts. Either way, it was on, and soon I’m getting both of them kneeling in front of me while I’m sitting on the couch. Honestly, there’s no way this situation could’ve gone any better. The curvy dark haired one started fucking first, while the skinny blonde one was putting on some interesting blue lipstick that I got for the other one actually. It kind of suited her as well, so I was really happy about this. My dark-haired roommate just couldn’t have enough of my dick though, and she just kept on sucking it with a huge smile on her face. The blonde was getting impatient, so eventually she started getting in on some of the action, and now both of them were giving me oral at the same time.   The girls would switch up between which one of them was sucking my dick, and which one was sucking my balls. The skinny one left a blue lipstick mark at the end of my dick from all the deepthroating that she did. It honestly felt and looked amazing from my point of view. After that. I got the blonde one to start riding me. The young naked girl rode me like a pro, while the other roommate was right there next to her. It felt amazing to say the least. I kept on fucking her like that until my curvy roommate wanted some as well. She wanted to ride me but she decided to anal ride me! “Now push your dick harder into my ass! I’m ready to take it all!” I started fucking her hard and she slammed her ass onto me as hard as possible while her friend stood and watched impatiently, waiting for her turn. Her turn did come and I fucked her as well, destroying her little pussy and ass with his cock. Every ounce of energy I had, all my power went into slamming my cock deep into their cunts and asses. The naked girls kept sucking my dick together. At the end of that crazy threesome the naked sluts licked all of the cum off their faces and assholes.