When I first saw this girl, I immediately thought that there was no way she could take my huge dick on. It was simply too much for her I thought. I wanted to find out just how much of it she can take before I finally broke her. I have to say, I was pleasantly surprised in the end. The petite teen girl was wearing a g string. But this wasn’t just any type of g string, this one had pearls on it for some reason. I have to say, it looked like she wrapped anal beads around her undies for special use. When you think about it, that’s not even such a bad idea either, the little slut probably uses that to pleasure herself when she doesn’t have a massive dick nearby. So anyway, I look around and I see that she has a really nice clean pussy. She’s really smooth as well, so I want to see how we can make that skin of hers even smoother. I get some body oil out and I start pouring it on her cute little ass. The naked girl poses with her ass hihj in the air and her pussy lip sandwich bulging prominently between her ass cheeks. I rub her slit with her thong between her pussy lips creating an equally sexy sight. The hot teen seems like she’s enjoying it so I make sure to put enough of it on so that I can spread it over her completely. I spread it over her ass and legs with my rough hands, and the young girl already seems to be in the mood for more. I’m thinking to myself, if this turns her on so much, how in hell is she going to survive my giant cock inside her little pussy. But that’s a question that I’ll have to answer later. For now, I was letting her enjoy her pussy freedom while she could. Playtime has to come to an end sometime though, so eventually I pick her up and place her in front of me on her knees. The teen girl already knows what she has to do but she seems a little stunned by how huge my cock is. I get really impatient and she can see this so she quickly starts gobbling up my dick like it’s her job. She sucks on it really nicely as I watch her do it from above. The small naked girl bobs her head up and down and she really seems like she’s got the hang of it even though the dick is so big. I am already impressed by her and I’m starting to believe in her a bit more now. The teen slut eventually stops when I’ve had enough of it, and the time comes when I finally see how much her tight pussy can actually take. So, I lie down on the mat on the floor and she gets on top of me. She stays up, dividing her pussy from my dick for a few seconds and I have the feeling that she might have given up. After all, with a tiny girl like that, I know that it can be really intimidating to see a cock this big. Eventually though, the tiny naked girl caves in and my dick goes way up inside her. I have to admit that this caught me off by surprise, so I felt really good by that. I feel the tip of my huge dick touching her cervix.   The tiny girl starts riding me, going up and down on my dock while I’m lying down. She took my entire cock in while she was riding me and she didn’t even flinch. After that, I turned her around for some reverse action. The naked teen girl took her legs and pulled them up so that I can go even deeper, which was also a bit unbelievable to me. After she pulled them up, I started to fuck her from below. I thrusted my hips up meeting her pussy every time and I could hear her moaning with pleasure because of how deep I’m going inside her. I felt her pussy contracting around my hard cock, milking it, her pussy spasms even stronger than before. These teens love huge cocks! I pound her young pussy like that for a bit before I’ve had enough of that position and I stand us both up. I lift one of her legs up and starts fucking the tiny naked girl while we stand. This takes a lot of energy but she seems to be able to handle it. Finally, I decide to go in doggy and she takes like that. I make her fly while pounding her fuck hole in a powerful Superman sex position, destroying little pussy. I came in mouth, there was so much cum that it filled up her throat and overflowed into her mouth.