When you think about the winter Olympic games you usually think about skiing, snowboarding, ice skating, and maybe some other winter sports. Something you definitely don’t think of is an entire discipline dedicated to winter fucking. That’s exactly what these blondes specialize in and the hot girls are more than happy to participate. They’re all blonde, and they’re all kind of good at skiing as well, but that’s not exactly why they’re here. They’re horny as fuck, and the girls need some hard dick inside them immediately. Before the main event, one of the blondes sneaks off to find somewhere to practice. Seeing as how she’s smoking hot, it won’t be hard for her to find someone who will want to put their dick inside of her. The hot teen finds a worker who handles the mechanical business around the place including the operation of ski lifts, and she convinces him to fuck her. The guy doesn’t even think twice, he probably hasn’t fucked in a while and this will be a refreshing experience for him. So, the babe takes off her ski pants and panties while they’re in a half-open shed. It’s probably freezing there, but the girl doesn’t care. The slut wants that cock and she wants it now. The guy gets his dick out and presses it against her pussy. She waits in anticipation of it and can’t wait to feel that girth spread her tight pussy. The guy slides it in and starts fucking her right there on the spot while they’re standing. She’s wearing her clothes up top so we don’t see her fully naked, but her ass looks absolutly amazing! She rides his hard and now we can see her beautiful tits, her lovely titties are bouncing up and down. This girl has HUGE natural tits with a large areola. Now I am obsessed with them. After a while of fucking her, the girl decides that she wants to suck this guy off as well. So, he stands in front of her and the slut bends over while still standing to suck on his dick. She gives him a really nice blowjob and the dude is just overjoyed. She is also getting the most out of every second as after that the dude starts fucking her doggy style. The possibility of being caught naked and having sex in public really turns these two on. This gives the slut a lot of pleasure and after a rough pounding she has an intense orgasm while he cums inside. Don’t miss more episodes with all these horny teen babes at the Olympic games. 