Anyone that says money doesn’t change people needs to look at my amateur video. Here we can see that with enough money, any girl becomes a prostitute. Even a cute innocent blonde girl who’s barely legal in her teens. I met this girl just outside the store where she was shopping for some skimpy clothes. I have to say, for all the praise I was saying about her being really innocent, she did wear some skimpy and revealing clothing. It really turned me on so I just knew I had to hit it up with this chick. I went up to her started talking to her. The hot blonde teen seemed disinterested at first, and was about to leave, but then I pulled out some benjamins and she immediately changed her mind. The teenage girl looked at me and asked what I wanted from her. I wanted her to show me her tight teen tits, right here in public. She looked around kind of nervous and she hesitantly lifted up her shirt and I got to see her tits. The blonde braceface cutie has the most amazing perky boobs I’ve ever seen in my life. Her nipples were small and cute and I just had to have a piece of her for myself. So, I took out another 700 bucks and I offered her that she follows me to the back of the store where we can make a little extra exchange. When this slim hottie saw cash, she was ready to put her blowjob lips to work – in public. When we were sure that we were on our own I started playing with her tits and groping her everywhere that I could. I told the teen girl that there is something that she needs to do for me and then I got her on her knees in front of me. I pulled out my cock and the little slut was really excited when she saw it weirdly enough. I guess she was impressed by its size, and she immediately started sucking on it like a good little girl. She sucked on it for a good while, making me hard and lubing it up before I lied down and got her to ride me. Riding a stranger’s cock outdoors turned her on the most. She lowered her tiny naked body and I slid my cock inside her little pussy, she was so tight. I admired the view of my big cock sliding in and out of her young pussy. The skinny naked girl started to look around to see if anyone could see us but before long, she didn’t care. She turned over and kept riding my dick with her cute little ass. I fucked her till I came inside of her little pussy. 