What would be weirder than an ebony stepmom walking in on her kid masturbating? If she accidentally started sucking his dick, that’s why. That’s exactly what happened in this scenario when the mom literally just got in the bathroom to take a shower, and nothing else. Her stepson was already in the shower, fantasizing about her huge tits. The sexy woman took off her bra and panties, revealing her amazingly massive black tits. She had the perkiest, and the roundest tits you’ve ever seen on an ebony babe of this caliber. She is quite the sight for sore eyes, and so the son just couldn’t help himself but take a little peek. The mom started making her way towards the shower and that’s when things got a little scary for the son. She sat on the toilet and noticed that something was happening behind the curtain. The son figured this out so he had to do something, and he had to do it fast. So, he decided that he’ll imitate his father and hope for the best. He sticks out his dick and the bitch doesn’t even check twice and she is already convinced that it’s her hubby taking a shower before her. As she was watching the dick make its way between the shower curtains, the beautiful naked woman got a bit excited and wanted to reward her husband with a blowjob. She got on her knees in front of the shower and started blowing the white cock. Little did she know, she was actually blowing her own stepson. As she was doing this though suddenly she heard a noise come from outside the bathroom and it was no one other than her husband. The naked woman flipped out and immediately got in the shower just as her hubby was walking in. She found out that it was her step son the entire time and she told him to be completely quiet. After that she got really mad at the son for doing that to her and started scolding him. But she couldn’t keep that act up for long, as it was obvious that she really enjoyed sucking on his young hard big dick. The naked ebony babe smirked as she looked down and started thinking of continuing with the endeavor. I mean, she already put it in her mouth so the damage has already been done, what’s a little blowjob going to do anyway. The boy agrees and waits impatiently as his hot ebony mom went down on her knees in front of him. She started licking his dick really nicely and eventually started giving him a nice hot blowjob. After a while, he cums inside her mouth and she swallows it. He then puts her in a doggy position over the toilet and starts fucking her big black ass from behind. He fucks her nice and slowly, and then hard and fast, getting her in the mood for even more. The MILF lies him on the ground and climbs on top of his dick. The black mom rides him like a whore, and the entire situation is really kinky. Let’s hope dad doesn’t come in and break up the fun. 