This blonde’s step-sister is really pissed off at her because of how dirty the kitchen is. She orders her to clean it all up and makes her brother supervise her. Her sister went away and she has to do all of this work by herself. Her step-brother is standing there and ordering her what to do. She takes the mop and starts to clean the floor. Her brother does the craziest thing and tells her to pull her shit up and clean the floor with her tits. He then grabs her legs and starts pushing and pulling her all over the floor. She got completely naked and she’s not surprised when he pulls off her wet panties and starts to lick her little pussy from behind. His tongue feels fucking awesome, licking her pussy and asshole. She’s screaming really loud, letting her horny step brother eat her out from behind. This little slut wants a cock in her mouth too, so she pulls it out of his pants and lets him shove it down her throat. The tiny girl gags on his rod while and makes it all wet. The blonde starts to slap her cheek while his glans is on the other side of it. Wait, she wants to show something to her brother, she asks him to sit down on the floor between her legs and suddenly starts to squirt right in his face and even in his open mouth!!! The crazy slut keeps rubbing her clit, she comes again and her pussy cum keeps squirting in his mouth! The girl squirts so much it’s almost like she’s taking a long pee all over her astonished brother. It’s time for this little bitch to get fucked really hard. He bends this hot teen slut over and starts cock-inspecting her harder than she ever fucked in her life. He stunning tits bounce around as he is pounding her hard from behind. Her cunt also does a couple of squirts while fucked in doggy position. The bitch now screamed as she was being fucked hard and wanted to take over the control. She positioned her pussy on his dick and squirts to make it extra wet and slippery. After that, she starts to slide up and down at a great speed and squirts almost every second. Her step-brother really likes how his little step-sister is riding that dick and keeps on pounding her hard from below. She keeps squirting like a fountain, high in the air, he knows he’s fucking her just hard enough. The bitch now spreads her legs on the floor and continues to squirt with each thrust of his dick deep into her cunt. Her step-brother can’t tell from where is all that liquid coming from. The girl just can’t stop cumming and she’s having one squirting orgasm after another. He’s now all wet from the stream that keeps coming out of that little pussy. She keeps screaming and squirting all over kitchen and he decides to finish that little pussy for good. He starts to squeeze her tits hard and she squirted for the last time. He comes close and cums in his sister’s pussy! Now his cum is squirting out of her pussy since his cock fills her so completely. 