I was sleeping tight when I had this wildest dream. I was dreaming that my cock was getting sucked off in the best way possible and that it was my girl who was blowing me, you know, the raw way. I loved it, but somewhere in the back of my mind, I knew that I was going to wake up. You know those moments where you have the dream of your lifetime and right then when the big thing has to happen, you wake up? Well, that’s what exactly happened only this time, the reality was better than the dream. It was my blonde girlfriend who was sucking me off as I was sleeping. Damn! This girl can do it all. I was so damn stoked that she did that that I didn’t even have time to react, I just laid there and watched her slobber me all over. She had her hand on my dick, jerking it off and was sucking the tip of my dick since my cock is a big one. The tongue felt so good. That warm mouth was too good for me to hold back long so I felt my morning wood began squirting my sperm in her mouth. We went into the bathroom and fooled around for a bit. My sexy girlfriend wanted to have a shower and I wanted to fuck her… it didn’t end up this way… We went to a tattoo parlor since my girl wanted a tat on her boobs. She even showed me her nips and boobs to let me know where the pic is going to be. As the lady who was prepping her left the room, my blonde girl had an idea, to suck my dick right then and there. I wasn’t going to tell her to stop, so she continued blowing me off like a good girl. It felt so damn warm and smooth. She was slobbering all over that thing, it was amazing to see. Nothing turns my girlfriend on more than masturbating in public, sucking my dick in public places and the possibility of being caught. As we went into a trance, the lady went in and caught us in the act of blowing it. We just laughed it off and went outside. My sexy tattooed up babe flashed the janitor and we went home. Man, I had to get my nut on and to cum. It was killing me. My balls were blue as hell, I couldn’t walk around all day like this. So, we went home and she started sucking me off once again. It was all recorded by me and the sounds that she made were hella funny. Then, it was time for us to fuck. My sexy babe has a sweet tight ass. That red panty was placed to the side, she fell on top of my dick and I started fucking her. Her hips were moving up and down and she was adjusting the angle of the cock. I felt every single meaty thing in her pussy. It felt too damn good. Her ass looked good, the cock in her pussy looked good and the scene looked good. The way she twirled against my cock got me really going.   Then, my naked girlfriend switched the position and mounted the cock in a cowgirl position where her back was more to the bedside. Her tight pussy was wide open for me to rub it and fuck it like a boss. I even rubbed her pink clit as she was grinding on my dick. My babe moaned like hell. I guess my dick did the job it was supposed to do. She was humping me and I was rubbing her clit. At one point I helped her out by holding her legs so that she could land on me better. We switched the positions again and I blasted her doggy style as I was holding her ass cheeks and was spreading her ass hole. That was the best man. She was loud and uncontrollable and I was just digging her out with my cock shovel. A slap here, a slap there and she was in ecstasy. Her love handles came in real handy as I was drilling her cunt this was. After a missionary position, I had to nut. Her face was sexy, my beautiful blue eyed blonde babe was talking dirty to me and her pussy was super tight. I exploded inside of her as she was taunting me to cum inside of her, so I did. Man, what a crazy and sexy day! After watching my amateur porn with my nympho girlfriend giving me a blowjob on public or riding my dick at home, you will probably have to go to hospital for beating your meat too much!