I love having an empty house. Everyone is out and I finally got some time for myself. I immediately think of some cool porn website I could have some fun with. I went to my room and decided to have some fun with myself. I put my laptop on my bed, pulled my pants down and started jerking off while watching some great premium porn. I got so horny that my dad’ wife came to my mind. The only thing I could say I love more is jerking off to my father’s new wife who is just super-hot! How does he get to be so lucky? I’d bang that hottie over and over again until she can’t take it anymore. She’s just constantly in my mind. And then – the unimaginable happened. I left the doors open since I thought that no one is in the house, and suddenly my stem-mom comes inside and finds me masturbating. I immediately got embarrassed, pulled my pants up, but I was so confused that I left the porn on the screen. She started to smile and to tell me that there’s nothing to be embarrassed about. She comes close, leans over me and watches the porn while smiling as if she’s mocking me, at least I thought so. But she wasn’t mocking me, this woman actually wanted to fuck me. She turned around to face me and started caressing my hard-on through my pants. I laid there like a statue and didn’t have a clue of what to do. The hot redhead babe pulls my dick out of my pants and my heart starts beating really fast since I was still adapting to the shock. She puts my dick in her hand and starts to stroke it up and down with having the biggest pleasure. My mind was blown when she got down and started blowing my cock. She’s a smoking hot redhead with the juiciest body and compelling ass I wanted to fuck for so long. I guess it’s my time to bang this bitch and I pray to God that my dad doesn’t find out. She starts to kiss, lick and suck my schlong in a way that reflects all the years of experience she has. This chick knows what to do with it and she spat on it to make it extra wet and prepared to go inside her. The perfect naked woman looks at me and tells me that she wants to fuck her hard from behind. I went berserk at this point and realized that I’m finally going to get a change of fucking that stunning round ass. I bent my step-mom, thrust my dick inside her and started fucking her from behind slowly with picking the speed up. As I was increasing the speed, she started to moan louder and louder and her sighs were deeper with each passing moment. I grabbed her ass with both hands and fucked her as hard and fast as I could, her body tightened and bucked wildly. She starts to bounce her perfect ass that I had to do some extra effort now to come. I wanted to show that I’m in control, so I skillfully flipped the naked babe over, spread her legs and started fucking her very rough in that bushy little pussy.   I loved the view I had and her amazing round tits stared at me and I wanted to slap them and lick them so much. My dick kept sliding inside her pussy as she was releasing the most beautiful sounds ever. Her red hair looks beautiful while spreading out on my bed. She then pulled her legs closer to me and I fucked while she’s in some kind of meditative position. The horny MILF now wanted to ride my prick. My step-mom positioned herself on my cock and started riding it like a cowgirl, lifting her hips up and down on my hard cock, swaying her hips from side to side. Her beautiful big tits wuth hard nipples are in front of my face. I don’t think I can take it much longer and I had a strong desire to splash a load of cum over her beautiful face. I squeezed her ass while she was bouncing on me until she turned around and started riding me in the opposite direction. The hot redhead babe kept on riding my dick until I felt like getting at my feet and shot a load of cum on her face. She smiled at me while that cum was dripping down from her chin.