This mechanic has one hell of a daughter. She’s a busty and provocative brunette that makes everyone drool over her amazing tits all the time. On this day, a friend calls her dad and asks if he could drive his car over for repair. As he comes over, he parks his car, gets out, greets his friend and meets his stunning daughter. He’s amazed by how hot this babe is and kept asking himself why is she looking at him in that way. She’s a bit of a gold digger and loves men with mighty cars. She immediately wanted to seduce him and control him and that’ one of the things she does the best. Her dad goes under the hood to inspect it and this crazy brunette unfolded her bathrobe and showed him her dazzling tits. The man goes crazy and doesn’t know what to say. As she started caressing her big natural tits immediately got a big hard-on and even a bigger wish to bang this superb hottie. But, her dad is still in the room and he doesn’t know what to do. She is so incorrigible she even gives him a blowjob while her dad works on his car nearby. Her dad has no idea his daughter is growing up to be such a naughty slut. Suddenly, the dad goes out and this is his chance to fuck her hard. The slut gets down on her knees and starts shoving his dick deep down her throat. This girl knows what to do with a dick, she spits on it and makes it extra wet for a fuck that’s about to happen. She never wanted a dick in her mouth the way she wants it now. The guy turns the sexy naked girl around, bends her over the hood and started fucking her in doggy style. The girl’s screaming and obviously doesn’t care about anyone hearing her. She suddenly got a wish to ride his cock, so he lays down and she starts to slide up and down while rubbing her horny little clitoris. She came for the first time and can’t believe how good all this feels. The man really liked this position and wanted to fuck the naked babe from beneath as long as possible while her huge tits are bouncing around in the air. She turns around and starts riding his with her cock-hungry booty. She now started screaming very loud as that cock goes into her pussy faster and faster. She came for the second time, so he decided to finish her. He spreads her legs and fucks her until he came close to her and came all over her face! 