Something tells us we’re gonna love our new blonde room-mate who’s DTF! We have this new roommate in our home and she is unbelievably small. The teen is tiny and she can almost fit on any counter, folder or even a table, she is that small. Now, we decided to have some fun with her as she was just so provocative that we wanted to see how wild she was. My buddy was a well-known ladies man since he has a huge dick that even I am jealous off. As he was placing the blonde teen all over the place to showcase how small she was, he decided at one point to make her show us her tits. We didn’t know how big of a freak she was so she showed us her titties. They were small, tiny and they were pointy. Just the way I like them. Also, the blonde had a tattoo of a heart on her chest which showed us that she is a freak after all. She took her clothes off, showing us her tight little asshole. The butt was nice and tight, but he wanted her pussy first. Before you know it, my friend’s cock was out and it was above the teen’s head. Once she saw it, she was terrified, shocked and aroused all at the same time. There he was, getting blown by this precious little thing and it was obvious that the two of them were going to fuck like crazy. The petite naked girl sucked his balls and jerked his huge cock with her small hands. His cock seemed so huge compared to the tiny girl. She got bent by my bud and that dick got rammed in her pussy as deep as it could go. The young girl was tight, but he managed to slide his big cock into her little pussy. She let out a moan as pleasure engulfed her. Her small pussy and his huge dick went well together since she could feel him in his entirety and her pussy could grip his dick and make him feel her back. “I love your dick so much, fuck,” she moaned. The two of them fucked like wild animals. She was doggy style bent by him and she loved it. She began to press her little ass back into him as he pumped his huge cock into her hard and fast. “Holy Fuck!” she screamed. He kept pounding her pussy as hard as he could leaving red marks all over her cute little ass. He was now focused intently on destroying her pussy with his cock. With his every stroke the bitch was getting closer and closer to her orgasm but this was the thing. She was pacing herself. The young girl wanted to see what that cock could do to her. At one point my buddy did the Superman pose and fucked her this way. She was on the floor, ass up and he was reaching with his legs to the other bed and his arms were on the other. He was spread wide and his cock was waiting for her pussy to come inside and fuck her. Man, that was funny to see, he always had the craziest ideas and they were too damn funny.  Next pose he came up with was almost on top of the bunk bed. He reached on the bed and invited her to come in his “lap”.   The cute thing just came up to him but she was picked up by my buddy like a bag that she almost had nothing to do with this move, she was that small. He fucked her tight pussy standing up as her legs were held by his arms. Then he went to the bottom bunk bed and the small naked girl was still in his lap. He grabbed her underneath her knees and behind her head with his arms. Can you imagine this? She was held by him as if she was a doll, the teen was that small and all the tiny naked girl could see was the giant cock destroying her pussy. That huge dick of his was plowing her and plowing her where there was no point of letting up. The dude was just ravaging her cunt. She loved every inch of it and he loved it back. Once he slowed it a bit, I could tell he was ready to cum. The bastard came already. He was cumming inside of her small pussy with strong spurts where his sperm started to ooze out of her pussy with his dick still inside. The teen slut screamed with another orgasm again as she felt him cum inside her. I can see we’re gonna love our new roommate. Watching this scene all the girls will want to be fucked like this, this huge cock will get your panties all the way wet!