This one day, the wildest thing happened! I was at my girlfriend’s house and we decided to fool around at one point. We love fucking in the living room when no one is around. We didn’t hear her sister come in the house. She comes in and witnesses a really hot scene! My babe took her top off and gave me a such a great blowjob with those skillful lips. I went nuts with each passing minute in which her mouth was wrapped around my cock. My horny babe continuously spat on it to make it extra wet and then shoved it down her throat really deep. I look up and see her sexy sister staring and watching us fuck, but I didn’t say a thing. That made both me and her sister really horny and it was such an exhilarating feeling to know that you’re being watched by your girlfriend’s sexy sis! In fact, I always wanted to bang her sister since she’s got a perfect, tight and young body. I just imagine how she would look while sliding up and down on my dick. My babe turns around, sees her sister and tells her to leave. My dick was very unhappy when I found out that her sister turned her off and she’s not in the sex mood anymore. I just had to do something about my erection, so I boldly went looking for her sister. Her sister knew I was coming, so when I entered her bedroom, she was already there, half naked and squeezing her big, round tits. I jumped on her like a bull and started kissing and licking her heavenly tits and enjoying them like anything. I was now ready to fuck this little slut. I moved her over to her closet, bend her over and started fucking her in her wet little pussy! Suddenly, I heard my girlfriend calling for me, so I quickly pulled my dick out, put it back into my pants and went outside the room while her sister hides in the closet. I got outside, pretending that nothing is going on. She tells me she wants some more of my dick and pulls me into the room. She throws me on the bed and starts sucking my cock again. I couldn’t concentrate, with her sister in the closet, but then… The unexpected happened. Her sister came out of the closet and suggested her sister fuck me together in a threesome. This is crazy but it made me unbelievably horny! The girls both got down and started sucking my shaft with united forces. The slutty sisters licked it from each side, making my dick really wet and erect. One of the girls sucked my dick while another one licked my balls, and they constantly changed their places and enjoyed my dick.   The hot girls were sucking a dick together for the first time, and they seem to love it. I just can’t wait to come into her sister’s mouth as that was my wish for years. It was time to bring this party to its peak. My GF started to ride my shaft with her splendid round ass while her sister positioned her pussy over my head. I felt that little pink thing in my mouth while my babe was sliding up and down my dick. I felt as if I was in heaven and the scene of my girlfriend licking her sister’s asshole in front of me felt like an unbelievable dream. The way this naked babe rides is outstanding, and the naked girls were now ready to change roles. Her sexy blonde sister started bouncing on my dick while my GF was above me with her pussy. I licked her all the way while feeling the sliding on my dick! I pulled my bitch, bent her over and started pounding her hard while her sis sucked her pussy from below. I went nuts when her sister climbed her and suddenly I had two amazing pussies in my cock’s reach. I was now fucking each of the girls really hard and we were all approaching orgasms very fast. I pulled my dick out of her sister’s pussy and came all over their beautiful faces. This was definitely the best fuck of my life!