You have a lot of responsibilities as a stepfather. You have to look after your stepchildren like they’re your own. However, you do get some exceptions to that rule. And thank goodness for that because I have the hottest stepdaughter that I’ve wanted to bang since day one of seeing her. I know it’s kind of wrong but we aren’t related so it’s fine. Anyway, one day she told me that she wanted to get into cheerleading. The petite girl was wearing a really cute cheerleading uniform but immediately I noticed that she didn’t have any panties on. I knew that the little slut was up to something dirty so I told her to show me what she can do. She had a really seductive smile on her face and she started dancing around. The tiny girl lifted her legs up one after the other and I got a really good view of her young hairless pussy. It was a real joy to see and I wish I could get a bit more out of her. I told her to take off her uniform and the slut actually did it. I was in awe as she revealed her teen bare body to me. She has really tiny tits and a booty to die for. I’d give anything to fuck that ass right now. I was wondering if I could get anything more out of her but before I could even try to wrap my head around this question, the young naked girl was already on her knees in front of me. This was probably going to be the greatest blowjob of my entire life because of how kinky it is. She pulls my dick out of my pants and starts sucking on it like a whore. I can’t believe that she’s sucking this well, who knows how many dicks she had to suck to get this good at it. It seems she has more skills than just cheerleading. I want to know what else this bitch has going on so I take her cheerleading outfit off and take her to my bedroom. The wife’s out for today so we should be safe. I get the tiny naked girl on the bed and spread her legs wide apart. I start sucking her little pussy nice and easy. She starts gasping and moaning the second I start doing this and I could tell that she’s still pretty green when it came to receiving good oral sex. I kept on licking her teenage cunt as she got more and more excited. While licking her clit, I could feel her pussy become wetter by the second, and I knew what I had to do at that point. I got up and I took off my pants. I spread her legs even further and started fucking her bareback. It’s really risky doing this without the condom, but fuck it, she’s my stepdaughter so I get to lay down the ground rules. I kept her cheerleader socks on just for good measure and because she looks really cute wearing them.   I felt like spicing things up so I got underneath her as I laid down on the bed, and the skinny naked girl rode me reverse cowgirl style. She slowly took my big cock inside her pussy and she started bouncing on it hard. She went really fast while she was doing this and she was moaning like crazy. I really hope the neighbors can’t hear this cause she’s really loud. She started playing with her tits as I kept slamming her pussy from underneath her. I pulled the little slut back and started shoving it in even deeper with every thrust. I was going in really hard and fast at this point as I wanted her to experience my girth as much as possible. Then, I bent her over to fuck her doggy style. This is my favorite as I can control her small teen body however I like. I slid inside her tight pussy and started fucking her hard. I fucked her from behind as hard as I could while she was shaking with pleasure. Her legs were spread wide apart and I went in for a few more times before cumming inside her. I really fucking hope this bitch is on birth control.