I think my girlfriend is doing something behind my back so I came to her place unexpectedly to check on her. I walk into the apartment only to find her smooching her hot roommate. I never knew that she swung that way so I was quite surprised when I saw this. I was kind of curious so I approached the girls and asked for how long this has been going on. The sluts just gave me a cheeky little smile and I immediately knew that they’ve been at it for a while now. I told them to keep going as I wanted to see where it would lead. The sexy girls started making out and sucking on each other’s tits while pulling up their shirts. We then went to the bedroom to take things up a notch. My girlfriend took off her panties and spread her legs while her roommate started to go down on her. The teen lesbian started licking her pussy with her tongue and I could tell that she’s been having a lot of practice. I went behind her and started fingering her roommate’s pussy. She had a gaping anus so you could tell that she’s been busy in that department as well. After a while I got really horny so I made the two of the naked girls get on their knees in front of me and suck me off. They took my dick out which was already in hard-on mode and they started sucking on it interchangeably. First, my girlfriend would suck on it while her friend would lick my balls, and then they would do the opposite roles. The young girls did a really good job with the blowjob and every second of it felt like I was in heaven. Then, I wanted to get some more action going, so I bent my girl over and started fucking her hard while she gave her friend a rimjob. My girlfriend got really horny from the pounding and she started riding me like a little slut. I got fed up with her pussy though and I wanted something fresh, so I pushed her off and pulled her by her ass closer towards me. I shoved my cock inside of her and started fucking her hard from behind. Afterwards I flipped her over and fucked her in missionary while my girl licked her clit. I then came in her friend’s pussy while my girlfriend kept on licking. 