I’m just your everyday cool kid on the block, and I have to be honest with you, nothing fun ever happens in this place. However, a hot lesbian couple recently moved in and I went over to pay them a little visit. I’ve never seen lesbians in my life. I was walking up the stairs to their front door when I found the girls going at it on the living room floor. They really were as hot as people said, so I went and rang the doorbell. The hotties opened up and invited me in. I got to talk with one of them while the other one went to put the flowers that I brought them in a vase. The fact that I had a hard-on was clearly visible through my shorts. One of the lesbians just couldn’t resist getting a little taste of dick for old time’s sake and soon enough I was motorboating her tits. Just as I got into it, her girlfriend walked in on us and was in shock. But the situation turned out better than I expected when the first slut convinced her girlfriend to have a hot threesome with me. I was all for it and soon enough I was ripping the hoe’s stockings and sliding her panties to the side. I started licking her pussy while her girlfriend pulled out my monster cock and started stroking it and making it hard. The sexy women started sensually blowing me. Once I’ve had enough of one bitch blowing me I got the other one doing it while her girlfriend undressed herself completely and I got to see her amazing tits. The girls both had really amazing tits actually and they started titty fucking me. This really made me insanely horny and I watched the lesbians both gobble up my cock at the same time. One of the girls sucked me off while her girlfriend licked my balls. I wasn’t satisfied with that though so I bent one of them over on the couch and started fucking her right in front of her girlfriend. She seemed to be enjoying it and started jerking off. It was hot seeing her do this so I had to fuck her as well. I spread her legs wide on the couch and started fucking her hard while her girl helped me spread her legs even wider. After that I got to cum inside both of it leaving their place with my balls empty and a big smile on my face. I had no problem being their plaything, one of the perks of living in a MILFriendly neighborhood! 