I was cheating on my girlfriend this one day and fucked one really hot bitch in my crib. She came over and as I was fucking her, my GF rang the bell and I told my temporary girlfriend to hide. My babe started throwing herself at me and wanted to fuck me so bad. I kept watching the previous girl while she rode my dick, so I pretended to record fucking my girlfriend when in fact I was playing the videos with fucking the slut that was still hiding in the living room. My gf grabs my phone and catches me watching the video. She saw that the bed sheets were the same and concluded that the chick is still in my apartment. She got really pissed off and went looking for her fully naked. She finds her behind the couch naked too and was ready to break her skull. But, she saw that she’s amazingly hot and realized she always wanted to have a threesome. The girl came close to her and started caressing her beautiful body and those round tits. The naked girls were rubbing their bodies against each other, they didn’t even need me. The girls started to make out as I realized that I was going to have the wildest threesome with my hot gf and my lover babe! I got on the couch, and she started sucking my dick really hard while the other one licked her pussy to the boiling point. My gf kept gagging on my cock as I kept on pushing it really hard down her throat. I just couldn’t wait to bang both of these hotties. The other sexy girl laid on the bed spread her legs and let me fuck her little pussy hard while she was licking my babe’s pussy! The whole scene made me incredibly horny and I fucked her harder each passing moment. Her tattoos and my gf’s bushy pussy made my dick go crazy for these bitches. I love fucking in doggy-style, so I bent my naked girlfriend over and smashed her pussy from behind while she was licking the other girl’s pussy! I never expected things to go down this way, me fucking my girlfriend and my lover. The girl spread her legs really wide and started screaming as her pussy went on fire from her tongue. She holds her head with one of her hands while watching my babe go over her snatch with her wet tongue. My lover girl really loves being licked and being the one that licks. She got on her knees and started pleasuring my gf’s pussy with her long tongue while I shoved my dick very deep into my gf’s throat. She lays down and lets me fuck her throat, just the way I like it. We were not so far from experiencing the most intense orgasms. Lover girl got so wild that she grabbed one of her legs and started scissoring her wet pussy. The naked girls were rubbing their pussies one against another, pussy juices mix together, their clits were rubbing together so har while I kept filling her mouth with my erect cock.   The girl goes so horny that she imagined she’s got a dick and started doing do moves that resembled some fucking moves. It was no time for me to take the control and put both of these angels into my favorite position. I hate when I fuck just one chick for a longer time, too bad I don’t have two dicks! That’s the reason why I put my lover on top of my gf and started fucking their pussies really hard. I stuck my dick in one of them, went in and out for a couple of times, and then started fucking the other one in the same manner. The girl went into the wildest and loudest orgasms and it was now time for my gf to reach one. She got on top of me and started riding me while her amazing tits were bouncing in front of me. The other naked girl spanked her ass as she was riding like a little cowgirl. She came and it was finally my time. I pulled my dick out and splashed a load all over these chicks faces. The naked girls started kissing and licking the cum off of each other’s faces!