I completely forgot that today was the day when I had to leave my roommate alone with his gf. I opened the door of the bedroom and there his girlfriend was – sucking his cock on his bed. I stood still for a moment in shock but for some reason – I liked watching it. The slut was putting his dick all the way down her throat in such a way that made me crazy horny. I kept peeking through the door and enjoy watching this seductive slut suck his cock. And then – the unimaginable happens. She sees me but she doesn’t tell him. Later I found out that his horny girlfriend loves being watched while she fucks, so she signalizes me to lie low while she distracts him. She shoves his face into her amazing tits and I pulled my dick out and started jerking off. He kept licking those amazing things while she was staring at me and signalizing me to keep quiet. She continued sucking his dick while winking at me. This whole situation got me really horny, so much that would fuck this bitch for the cost of losing a roommate. The young busty naked girl got on top of him and started riding his prick while her stunning tits were bouncing around in the air. He fucked her from below while she looked at me from time to time. His hot girlfriend screams so beautifully that it makes me horny just listening to her. She’s riding his rod in such an amazing way that I could watch her for centuries. She was increasing the speed and each slide on his prick was becoming shorter. She stuck a finger in her mouth and rode him hard. The bitch turns around and starts riding him while he was grabbing and slapping her butt cheeks very hard. My roommate decided to finish her off hard. He took his long prick, bent her over and started fucking her really hard from behind. His girlfriend already came twice, and he was almost ready for it. I prepared myself to exit the room the moment he cums all over her. He got to his feet and shoot the biggest load all over this beauty’s beautiful face. She signalized me to get out of the room with cum on her chin. I got out and my roommate never found out that I was watching him fuck his outstanding girlfriend. What a great day! 