Don’t miss these real TEEN SLUTS! These smoking hot babes have no other intention but to have some hardcore fun. And what could be more fun than breaking into a home and forcing a wife to watch her husband fuck random girls. Four insanely hot troublemakers make some noise outside to get the wife’s attention and she goes outside to see if everything’s okay. The sluts trick her into thinking that there was a burglar and they storm into the house. The hot teen girls tie the woman up and put duct tape over her face and get her husband to undress. The crazy sluts make him do this by threatening her with a baseball bat. He does as they say and soon enough they’re sucking him off making his dick hard. The teens all jump him at the same time and they get to do whatever they want with him. The one in the blue underwear strikes first as she starts deepthroating him straight away. Then the hot blonde one chimes in with her own blowjob. Soon, the one in the green underwear takes her panties off and starts riding him like a little whore. The slut does this while his wife watches from the back of the room. After that the girls start filming it as well, making it even kinkier than it already is. We get to see a close-up of her perfect bubble butt while the bitch is riding him. After that the pink-haired one with the pink underwear lies on the piano and he starts fucking her throat while she pulls her head back. The sluts force his wife to stare at her husband fucking the pink-haired whore’s throat. After that the same pink-haired bitch spreads her legs on the piano and the dude starts ravaging her pussy. He fucks her insanely hard as his wife tries to look away. Then he starts choking them with his big hard cock, one by one. The skinny pale chick gets some of the action, then the pink one again and so on. The darker skinned one then starts licking some pussy and they start having an orgy in the living room. The green one gets fucked from behind while the pink one kneels on the couch below her. Finally, the blue one with the glasses gets some cock in her pussy while her hot friend holds her up in the air. The other bad girls aren’t just sitting around though, they’re having a steamy 69 in the background. Four naked girls all line up after that and he starts fucking their pussies one by one in order. First, he starts fucking the pink one from behind while all of the other ones line up. He fucks her really hard and then he moves onto the next bitch. Once he’s done fucking the skinny one, he starts going at it with the green underwear one. He fucks her like a little whore and you can hear her moans getting louder and louder as his thrusts increase in speed and force. He has never fucked his wife so good! The fivesome involves so much spitting, slapping, facefucking, pussy-worshipping, and dick pounding that his poor wife is now sitting in a puddle of her own juice.   The teen sluts take turns demonstrating how fun it is to suck and fuck her husband while she watches! He takes up the one with the glasses and he just goes at it like crazy. He pounds her pussy from behind like she’s a sack of potatoes and he doesn’t hold back. He fucks her harder and harder while she cries out with pleasure. Once they’re done with that fuck session, they all make a little rimjob train. Each one of the naked girls licks an ass hole of the other while the guy fucks the chick with the green undies since she’s in the far back of the line. During all of this, his wife is helplessly watching and she feels awful with every passing second of it. They taunt her all the time by asking her whether she likes watching her husband fuck other chicks and she gets forced to nod her head. The guy doesn’t really know what to make of all of this but he knows that he can’t deny how hot these babes are and he fucks them really hard with a pinch of pleasure involved. As the thing progresses though, you can see him become more and more proactive in the orgy and you can definitely tell that he’s into it. In the end he sprays his white jizz all over their faces while his poor wife watches him.