We were just strolling around, driving around as we saw a hot bimbo looking girl on the corner with a ledger in her hand looking all sexy and authoritative. We had to stop and see what was she up to, and to check out her boobs out, honestly. The sexy Ebony teen came up to the car and told us that she was taking up signatures to show her state reps that there are people who want to see prostitution legal. We didn’t care about the state reps nor the change of the law, we cared about getting Harley to the house and banging her. Already in the car, she showed me her boobs off. They were soft, firm, succulent and that skin was terrific. After a brief twerk, the naked teen babe was sucking my white dick off, salivating all over it. She is on fire! I was finger fucking her little pussy that was covered up with her ass buns that were also too damn tight. They were just leading me on to even more naughty thoughts. Then, Harley intensified her cock sucking and she placed her whole body into it. She gave me one hell of a twerking lapdance, making sure my big cock got nice and hard before wrapping her luscious lips around it! Once paid up, I pulled her red thong aside and sliped my dick into her slippery wet pussy. It felt so good! The feeling of relief that my dick can finally get the stimulation that it needs was way more valuable than the cash I just put up. The sexy babe was fucked from the back and her ebony ass was making a cushion that was making me bounce in and out even harder and better that the usuall. Her soft slit was warm, welcoming of my dick and even the girl herself put some hip action behind it. Then, she sat on my dick, in my lap and the sight of her ass was enough to make a man cum! The grip that her pussy had on my dick was amazing. Her pussy was tight, soft, firm and it was hitting my cock nerv endings the right way. Once the sexy ebony naked teen put some bounce behind every stroke I was ready to nut. I switched her to her back and her shaven pussy was even more magnificent looking that it felt. Her exotic face, her tight boobs, that skin, her big round ass and perfect perky tits, my fast paced thrusts, all of it made me cum inside of her pussy! She made me belive in legalizing prostitution! 