My slutty sister knows how much our parents hate tattoos. They gave me a lot of shit for getting them and she would get in so much trouble if they found out about hers. I didn’t even know she had a tattoo. It’s just that I found out one day completely by accident while I was trying to get in the bathroom. Alright, I’ll be honest with you, the hoe was taking a shower and she’s a fucking hottie so what did you expect me to do? I went in for a little peep as she was undressing and I saw her beautiful naked body and tits. To be honest, I almost didn’t even catch that she had a tattoo because of how hot and stunning her body was, nice perky titties and a meaty pussy with large pussy lips. My sexy naked sister got in the shower and I continued watching her. I watched her for a good bit and it was really enjoyable. She stroked and soaped up her smooth body and I couldn’t help but get hard to this. Anyway, eventually I got busted, as she saw me peeping on her and so I went into the bathroom to confront her. I immediately told her that I noticed her new tattoo in order to give myself some leeway and I didn’t expect it to be that effective. I was threatening to tell our parents but to my surprise she immediately fell for that. The little slut started taking off my shirt while she was completely naked right there in front of me. She wanted to pay me in order to keep my mouth shut, but she didn’t have money in mind. Instead she got on her knees and pulled down my pants to reveal my stiff cock. It fell out of my pants right in front of her cute face and I was anticipating seeing what she’ll do. The petite naked girl wasn’t discouraged by my size and she sucked the cock in her little mouth. She started giving me a blowjob like I’ve never had in my entire life. Not even my girlfriend could beat this. She kept on sucking faster and harder with each passing moment. I just stood there and watched her slutty little head bob back and forth on my dick. This made me insanely hard and I was ready for some more action with her. I wanted to pull out as many favors with her as possible at that moment in time. Before that though I had to get her in the mood as well, so I got her on the bedroom bed and I spread her legs wide so that I can see that pussy more clearly. She has a wonderful smooth pussy and I went down on her and stated eating her out. While I was licking her clit, the young naked girl started moaning with pleasure and that’s how I knew that I was on the right track to get my end wet inside her. She kept moaning more profoundly the more I went on and eventually I thought that it’s enough so I stood up and got ready to fuck her raw.   I kept her in the same position, and while holding one of her legs up in the air, I started fucking her. I couldn’t believe that I was fucking my step sister. It felt really good since she had an insanely tight pussy to work with. I couldn’t believe that it was that tight since I know what a huge slut she is. She’s been seeping around like crazy, getting fucked by all sorts of dick. Once I was done fucking her like this I pushed her back onto the bed and started choking her while pounding her pussy. Afterwards I felt like I wanted to try out something freakier so I lied down on the bed and got the young naked girl on top of me. The hot blonde shoved my dick all the way inside her fat pussy and she started riding me like a pornstar. I wanted both sides of the coin though, so she ended up riding me both cowgirl, and reverse cowgirl style. The view of her cute ass was amazing. I looked at her ass, her beautiful pussy and pumped my huge cock in her vagina as hard as I could. In the end it was a really nice fuck session, and I creampied her without thinking.