Well, that body top that she had was enough to make any man fall in love with her. I was on my friend’s mom’s bed and she was stripping down for me. That was the most seductive and erotic strip down I’ve ever seen and I’ve been to some strip clubs. Nothing compares to the one I’ve gotten from her. She had this cut up dress or whatever that devilishly hot thing was, and you could see her ass but not her boobs nor her pussy. They were covered in a way that made you crazy to see it. But now, take it easy young buck, the show is about to begin. The beautiful woman took it all slowly, teasingly and she revealed her luscious breasts. they were just big enough to cup them and they were firm and succulent. The grade A tits. I had to suck on her nipples and I did it gently and with tenderness, no schoolboy eagerness here, straight gentlemanly grown up sucks. I groped her big juicy tits and then, I poured some bubbly all over those glands. It was majestic, all in slo-mo. Next, I poured it all over her ass. It was tight like a peach and her pussy was shaven, not a hair in sight. The champagne poured into every crevis of her pussy and it was on. She had my cock in her deep throat and she was set on swallowing that thing whole. A few strokes here and there just to remind me that I’m in a real woman’s hands now. She did it in a very grandiose way, I liked it. I felt like a king who was serviced by his servants, his super hot servants. She placed some spit on my cock so that I could slide effortlessly all over her tits. That titty fuck was soft and fun. It was a great warmup for what was about to come next but she had to suck me some more. The hot woman went back and forth with the titty fuck and the cock suck so I beg for her to let me inside of her. The bitch had a choker on her neck, and you know what that means. I placed her on the bathroom counter and went in. The first pump was deep, I was adjusting my angle and I wanted to get used to her soft slit. She didn’t let me have my way in its entirety since she moved around so that she gets her spots hit properly by my dick. Her clit was engorged and she was rubbing it like a fiend. I grabbed both of her legs and started fucking her in her tight little pussy hard and fast. Then, we did the doggy style and my cock never looked smaller compared to her ass that was nice round and bouncy. She was the one who was impaling herself against my willy and it was a breather for me, I’m lazy at times but with her, I had to pull out all the guns I have. I fell to the floor and there the sexy naked woman was already sitting on my dick, riding me where I could see her asshole spread out like a flower in spring. That had me choked up. I couldn’t believe how good this pussy was and how ultra seductive my friend’s mom was.   I pressed the naked woman up against me with my hands grabbing her buns and then she turned around so she could ride me in a reverse cowgirl position. Here was my friends’ hot naked mom moving her beautiful body back and forth. Her big boobs were bouncing up and down and my cock was doing all the pumping that it could muster. The sexy mom picked up the pace and started to speed up. I was worried that I’d bust a nut inside of her and become a father to my friend’s brother. I stopped thinking about crap once she made a move on my dick that had me gasping for air. I knew I was close and that I couldn’t hold out any longer so I stood up, made her cock back her neck and unloaded in bursts of streamlined sperm. Her mouth ate it all up. She drained my balls out of every drop of my man chowder and I almost fell to the floor from the intensity of this feeling. We promised not to tell my friend what had just occurred here. My friends’ mom is way hotter than girls my age!