Putting the creamer in her cup takes a whole another meaning! This bimbo who seems to be a cougar who is after young bucks is at a coffee shop, looking for some more cream in her cup. Of course, her cup is her pussy and the cream is soemthing that’s gonna come out of the cofee jokey’s pipe soon enough. The brunette milf come back behind the counter and immediately went for the dude’s schlong. It was erect already. She placed her mouth around it and started sucking him off since she was eager to get the cream in her coffee before it gets cold. Why does this babe look so sexy with a big cock in her mouth? All that blowing and licking made her want his dick inside of her. The bloke ate her out as no one noticed what was going on and then placed his fat erect schlonger up her cunt. The sexy girl was completely naked by now, with her big firm boobs, her shaven pussy and her desire to fuck him then and there. She was riding him in a reverse cowgirl position and she was loud. The coffee boy was groping her big boobs as she was owning his dick, the sexy naked girl was determined to make him cum inside of her. That slit was wet, moisty and the inside of her pussy was warm and soft. The bitch was bouncing up and down on that dick before they switched to a sideways position. The naked babe was pressing her big boobs together and the dude’s long Woody was doing the job right. Then, the customer who wasw reading the newspapers wanted a refill. The dude jumped up like an arrow and gave him one, but the cougar wanted one too. He was fucking her as he was servicing the customer and the milf went silent, not to attract any more attention. Her pussy was brimming with heat and friction. She had to suck on that fat rod some more before she drained his balls out of that precious juice. This slut and her filthy dirty talk make my cock absolutely rock hard! Then they fucked on the floor a bit and her ass was curvy and it was getting hammered. The hot naked girl put some thrusts in her hips and fucked him as if she wanted him to bust his nut in her. You could tell that her punani was tight and it was making the bude come to his completion. They went to the counter and that’s where the dude came in the cup of coffee. It was the most delicious cup she’d ever sampled. 