I have a very perverted step-mom who just can’t get enough of sex. She fucked my pops yesterday and I could hear them boning through the whole night, so I couldn’t sleep from all the racket and here she is now, in my bed, seducing the hell out of me. At first, I thought that it was a setup so she gets me into trouble, since she is a “troublemaker”, if we are to believe the rumors that are circling from around the block but then I realized that she was after my cock! Damn, she is hot after all and she is my step-mom, not like a real mom or anything so I don’t know, maybe I let her have me. She was aggressive. She took her clothes off and my God, she had some awesome tits, and her pussy looked so damn fresh. The beautiful naked woman was laying in my bed and I could not stop watching at her hot body. Her body was perfect, it was soft and feminine. The hot MILF took my shorts off and I was hard, and I mean I was hella hard! She was even impressed with what I was packing and once I felt her mouth on my cock I was like, fuck you very much, dad! She sucked me off with grace and so much passion. Her experienced lips were so inviting. The spit was oozing all over my shaft and she had a hard grip that felt so good but with a soft touch with her mouth. The gargling sounds that she made were astonishing and that was that. It was too much for me to take and the most powerful orgasm of my life overcame me. I came so much in her mouth and the slut began to suck the cum out of my throbbing cock! The bitch showed the full mouth of sperm, then a big swallow, finally showing her empty mouth. Later on, she was in the kitchen showing me her black dress and she was so proud of her figure and everything. She exclaimed that she was super horny so she reached for my hand to place it in her pussy. There were no panties and she was wet, dripping wet. I realized that my step-mom was a God damn nympho! Well, lucky me I guess. Here we are again, with her soft lips and her tight hand grip all over my dick stroking me and sucking my balls. I wanted to fuck her so bad it was an emergency! Her ruby green eyes were staring at me with lust and my cock was glistening from all the spit. The dick was disappearing into her mouth and she really put an effort into making me cum. I placed her on the couch and fucked that pussy that was so deep and it was ready for me. Her ass was round and curvy along with her asshole that was puckered up and probably waiting for me to widen it out. Still, it was a good fuck and that was that. I fucked her harder and harder. It did not take long and I exploded in her pussy, sending gobs of hot sticky cum deep into her vagina. “OHHHHHH!” she cried, feeling my hot sperm deep in her cunt and cumming with me.   Then, the next day, we went through the same routine, I “accidentally” found her in her provocative lingerie putting her make up on and she looked stunning as ever. As you can guess, we went at it again. She sat on my lap and I slid my dick into her pussy. This time she was the one doing all the heavy lifting and I could feel her cunt against my cock, gripping it and fucking it like a savage. Those boobs of her’s made me horny as fuck, maybe hornier than she was but it was her who was all into it, controlling the rhythm and the pace. That hip swirl that my naked mom did really did a number on my dick since I felt it all over my groin. We switched into the doggy style and her ass was making me melt. The sexy naked woman sucked me good and I drilled her just right. Those pussy lips were long and they covered my whole shaft but I wanted her in missionary position so I could see her eyes. Once our eyes met, I came inside of her like a teenager. What a skank!