Having a personal trainer is a luxury that not many women her age get to have. To top it all off, not a single milf in my city has a body like she does and it is all thanks to me. I did an excellent job with her, the babes got a perfect ass, flat belly, sexy legs and her big tits looked amazing. As we were doing our stretches all of a sudden she felt so horny that it was inevitable that I didn’t feel it too. She looked me deeply in my eyes and decided that she was going to fuck me then and there. The sexy woman took off her bra and showed me her big luscious tits that were begging to be released from the captivity of this garment. She got naked and showed off her impeccable body to me as I was eagerly staring at her, in her eyes. I was looking for that moment that said, take me now. She gave it to me. The sexy babe took my trainers off and placed my already erect dick between her boobs and fucked it. That was her first ever titty fuck, and now it was all my to enjoy. As my dick was calling her, she sucked me off and continued titty fucking me. She was so damn horny she could barely contain herself from not jumping on my dick. She made sure I was as hard as I could get and made me eat her out first, she spread her legs and slowly opened her outer lips exposing me her clit. Would you like to taste me and make me cum? She smiled! I knelt down in front of her cunt and began licking her clit with my tongue. I ate her pussy to orgasm. “I want you, I want your hard cock inside of me” The beautiful naked woman opened her legs and I quickly positioned myself between her thighs. Using both hands, she grasped my hot throbbing cock and placed its tip at the entrance to her cunt. That first stroke was full of passion and sexual release. She was rubbing on her clit as I was mashing on her boobs. The hot brunette was thrusting back against my dick in a synchronized way and it was lovemaking. I took her from the back, doggy style. I was annihilating her A spot and she was ready to cum on my dick. It was subtle but from all the juices that ran down my shaft, I could tell. Then, the sexy naked babe sat up on my dick and started humping me like a possessed woman. She groaned loudly as she grinding herself against my cock. I couldn’t believe it… she had one orgasm after another and she didn’t want to stop. My dick was getting her off in ways unimaginable. She felt me cumming inside of her and she was okay with it. 