My horny girlfriend was doing her webcam stream just like any other day but today, I was here. She suggested to me to give the camera to her friend who was there also wet as fuck, just like my girl. I went in on her small yet perky boobs right from the get-go. Her pussy was burning with desire and at that moment I started to finger fuck her tight little hole on the camera. My hot babe wanted to jump on my erect cock as soon as possible but I took my time. I decided to put her friend on camera but my babe gave her a mask so no one recognizes her. The girls both started to suck on my dick before she took her mask off. It was easier that way. She took my cock all the way with her mouth and the naked girls started sucking me and licking my balls as if they were possessed. Once I was satisfied with the blowjob, my girlfriend wanted me to fuck her online. She was on her back, I raised her sexy legs up in the air and she felt me enter her wet pussy. I did it slowly and she felt me filling up her burning hot pussy. Then, I started to rock back and forth. It made her so aroused. As I was fucking her, her slutty friend was sucking on her nipples and she was getting impatient. Then, her naked friend slid down right next to my dick and I started fucking her doggy style. Her ass was so juicy and her pussy was dripping wet. The naked girls changed the positions back and forth. At one point my girl was eating her pussy out. She has the most exquisite cunt ever and I can imagine how good she must have felt for my girlfriend to eat her out. Then, my hot girlfriend was ready for her turn since she felt that I was about to cum and she wanted it to be the one who I have busting on. The naked girls were in a sandwich, so I had her pussy and her friend’s cunt at the same time, like folders. From all that back and forth rocking, I came all in my girl’s hot cunt and some was on her friend’s pussy. My sperm dripped down to her pussy and we all fell on each other from exhaustion. Nothing brings these two hotties closer like sharing a big dick in a threesome! 