Kali is a sweet looking blonde bimbo. This time, we have the slut teen brake into the home of her fav celeb, who she has a crush on. It was her dream to meet him and here she is, in his house lurking around, not believing that she is right here, the center of all centers, his home! Kali got so excited that she actually forgot that she is breaking and entering, in the law lingo, and that she shouldn’t be here. The teen slut didn’t care, all she cared about was finding some memorabilia and getting out. She found a picture of her celeb crush and immediately she reached for her clit and started rubbing it as she was looking at the pic. Now, the sexy girl is on his leather couch, stroking her pussy and she is out of it. With all her moans and pants, the owner of the house heard the noises and came to see what was going on. He found her pleasuring her self with the picture in her hand. Once the girl realized that it is him, her crush before her, she wanted to run away but the manly man held her back with his strong arms. Kali started to ramble and to talk herself out of the situation but since her boobs were popping out, the owner had her boobs in his mind, he didn’t care that he was being burglarized by innocent teen babe. She was too damn hot to be mad at her and also, she was wet downstairs, hot looking and she likes him. Why now whip his dick out? The moment his fat cock was out the girl was on it, sucking it and swallowing it like a real good slut. One hand on the rod was jerking the thing and the mouth was licking it all out. Then, the dude reached over and started eating her asshole. As he was doing so, he was finger fucking her slippery puss. The dude really loves assholes so he rimmed her for a bit before he started fucking her from the back, doggy style. This babe has a hot body, a nice rack and her nipples are pierced. She is an attractive looking teen and very few men could resist her. This dude, the celebrity, had a huge cock that was ravaging her deeply as it could go. Her ass cheeks were hitting his thighs with every stroke of the cock since those ass cheeks were tight as fuck. They switched the positions as the dude’s legs started to tire. The hot naked girl was now on his schlong, in a reverse cowgirl position. She was bouncing up and down on him. That long meaty member was so long that even when she arched her back towards him, he could fuck her and still be inside of her. Kali turned around and was on him, riding him face up, so she could look in his eyes as that cock was fucking her. It was intense. The ravaging was really aggressive and rough at times but he had to teach her a lesson, lesson being, big cocks are not to be taken lightly! With some more acrobatics with that cock and her pussy, the two of them were close to their finish. After a piledriver fuck, the naked girl was ready to cum and so was the dude. He exploded all over he belly and some of the sperm landed on her face! How’s that for an autograph?! 