I caught my GF with a watch tucked under her blouse and I couldn’t believe it. Then, with further inspection, I found that she’d been stealing all kinds of jewelry and even spoons from my house. I was like “WTF?!” since this made no sense but she explained it to me that she gets a rush out of it. She loves getting buzzed and high off of that adrenaline, the danger of being caught. So, to make things better, the devil that she is, she whipped my cock out that was hard as fuck since she twerked her ass a bit. She started sucking on me and even spat on my dick. The little bitch whipped out a golden brace, MY golden brace and placed it around my cock as she was stroking and sucking on me. So, since I got so damn hard and she is a freak, I started fucking her as I was choking her a little bit. Those small boobs of her’s started to bounce and she even rode my cock as if it was a rodeo stick. She was wearing lacy stockings, thigh-high ones. Man, she looked so damn hot, I was fucking her but I wanted to fuck her if that makes any sense? Then, I placed her hands behind her back and fucked her doggy style. She was so soft and warm. That ass was tight and bouncy, all of the components that made me want to nut were there. I fucked that little pussy with intensity and passion. Once she bent just a little bit as she was lying on her belly I could feel the entirety of her moisty pussy all over my pecker. The soft friction made me want to cream all over her pussy but I was hesitant and I wanted to fuck some more. She spread her legs wider so I could ravage her pleasure hole like a beast. She even put some hip thrust into the mix and it made me want to cum then and there. She twerked her juicy, little ass, pushed her hips back against me harder, making me fuck her faster. Since I was really close I was pacing myself but that hole was so good to my dick that I had to bust. I creamed all over her wet little pleasure slit as she was riding me reverse cowgirl style. All that intensity made me explode in her. So, in a way, she managed to steal my sperm too. 