I found my step-sis rubbing and masturbating her pussy as I wanted to walk into her room. She was naked waist down and her young teenage pussy was submerged in her Hitachi masturbator head. She was gone by the point I walked in since that sex toy had some power toi it. What it lacked was the touch of a real man and the thrust power that my dick had. I walked into her room and without any hesitation at all came up to her, took her white shirt off and fondled her nipples and her pussy. Her pussy felt ripe, like a fruit so swollen it was ready to burst. I placed her on the bed and ate her soaking wet pussy out. I licked it from the outside, going for the clitoris and as I was doing this I was holding her hand tightly. Her pussy was so hot and her juices tasted incredible. My cock was already there so my blonde step-sis started sucking on me for a few seconds. I loved it how she stroked my dick, jerked it and she sucked it as if she’d done this for a thousands of times before. I like my step-sis since she is small and my dick looks so big in her small hands. She mounted my cock and went for a nice long fuck. The young naked girl was in that reverse cowgirl position and was fucking me with intensity. I could tell that she was hitting the spots in her pussy so I helped her out with it as I fucked her in those places, while I held her by her waist. Her ass was also delicious so I wanted to fuck her from the rear just so that I can see that ass of her’s and also, I like to see my dick disapear in her pussy. It is like a magic show, so dazzling. We fucked in the doggy style position but I felt that I was about to cum so I stopped and switched the positions once again. I was feeling out of my mind at this point. The cock was doing what it wanted to do, without my control whatsoever. I fucked her in a missionary position and I could go as deep as I wanted and I had all the control over her. That pussy was too damn tight and it was my step-sister. All of these things made me cum inside her but I quickly pulled out and finished on her clitoris and her pussy. That was unexpected! 