Playing darts is how I managed to get my girl to fuck me this time. I always love to fool around with her and give ourselves a reason or an “excuse” why we have to fuck right now. This time it was over a round of darts, if you can call it a round. I told my girl that if she beats me she can fuck me and what she does is, she just goes to the board, sticks the dart in the bullseye and “wins” the match. I gotta hand it to her, that was kind of clever but also, I wanted to nut in her so bad that I’d lose the match anyways, intentionally, of course. My hot babe was wearing this shiny dress that I lifted above her waist and started playing with her wet pussy. It was shaven, ready to rock and roll. Her ass was nice, firm, warm and it looked so damn apealing to me. I love it to take it slow with my girl since I love to build up the anticipation in my dick and in her mind so that when I enter her, she looses all control and she surrenders to me. As I was playing with her jiggly ass she was twrking it and making me all pent up and hard. I started finger fucking her as she was laying on her back. I was recording it all in POV and she was spitting on her pussy. That was hot, this told me that she was ready to be taken and that she needs my dick, pronto. I got naked and gave it to her. My hot throbbing dick disapeared in her mouth the moment she saw it. That cock gobbling that she does is not for the weak minded. My little slut spits and drools all over that snake and she jerks it with both of her hands. She is not ven shy to suck on my balls and she did just that. Her wet mouth felt warm on my dick and I loved how she went all the way back to her throat to make me feel as if she was going to swallow me whole. This bitch is something else, I tell you. Well, it was time for the daddy to get his. I made my naked babe bend over and I slid my monster of a pecker up her tender pussy. She started bucking as if she was possesed. That ass started twerking and twisting all over my dick. Left to right and up and down, she was crazy all over it. Then, my skinny lass stood up, sat on the dick adn rode it as if it was her’s to ride it all alomng. Once again, she was swerwing and doing all these crazy angles that I couldn’t keep up with her. My girl could not get enough of my dick and the way she worked her perfect ass told me she was enjoying every single thick inch of my tool. I had a sweet view of her strip and her vag, gulping down on my member. Her face was all fucking sexy and shriveled up since she felt every inch of my dick up inside of her. She switched the position and now, I had her ass before me jumping up and down, as she was thinning down my dick as if it was a black smith’s tool.    I love it when she attacks my cock like that. Her buns are tight and jiggly so I had an amazing show to watch as my cock was disapearing in that hole of her’s. My head of the dick got the most of the attantion with her pussy since she was riding me like a bull. I almost bursted inside of her. Then, my naked girlfriend was on her back, in the missionary position and this is where I could enter her the whole way. My dick could reach her top pussy wall and my pecker was submerged in her pussy. She fucked me so hard I wanted to cum then and there but I held out long enough so that she could cum on my dick and then I pulled it out, held the whole shaft strongly so that I buy 3 seconds more while my girlfriend was going under me and I exploded all over her cute face in one shot, BAM! We took a breather and went for round two.