Some would call it braking and entering then some would call it a great sex for goodbye. I was back at my ex-gfs house to get my stuff back. Don’t ask me why I entered through the rear window, but I did. Low and behold, I had a scene to see that explained why my ex is now ex. She was fucking her blonde friend and the girls were doing it hardcore! Two naked girls just held each other and licked their wet pussies! Man, I froze I didn’t know what to do but the lesbians caught me! I was afraid that they were going to call the police but they actually had a different plan in store for me. The naked girls took my wang out and started sucking me! Holy damn! I couldn’t believe it, I was about to have a threesome with my ex and her lesbo friend, and she was hot too. Soon as the girls sucked me enough so I get hard like a bull I placed them on the bed and went for it. The fucking was something out of this world cool. The redhead, my ex was on my riding me as if she needed that pole the whole time. Her blonde friend helped her out so that she could press against my tool even deeper. Then, she licked her ass as I was finger fucking her. There was no point in leaving the pussy hole empty and unused. As I was drilling her my ex was on my pecker, doing me as if she wanted that cock her whole life. Then, I placed the naked blonde at the corner of the bed so I can plow her doggy style and spread that ass so her asshole is wide open. She was sucking and dribbling in my exes pussy as I did my thing. I was like a rock star, my dick was hard, the pussy was breathtaking and the scene was illegal to say the least. My ex girlfriend sperad her ass cheeks wide open with her hands, when her lesbo girlfriend saw her gaped ass,she stuck out her tongue and gebun tongue fucking my girl’s ass! Once the blonde started rimming my babe I was cooked. That was the filthiest thing I’ve ever seen in my entire life and I’m a young fellow. I grabbed the slut’s head and pushed her face deeper between the ass cheeks, making her tongue fuck the ass right in her open anus. I wanted to leave the best moves for my babe so I placed her on the back and rocked her deeply, with strokes so deep and majestic that I wanted her to feel guilty for leaving me. She didn’t give a fuck, the slut, she was too busy eating her girl out and she was telling me all these nasty things. The mouth on her. There I was, having two pink pussies eagerly waiting for me to enter them. I was like a kid at the candy store, an adult candy store, picking and choosing which hole to fill out first. My ex’s was tight but the blonde’s was uncharted territory for me. I was in a doozy. Which one to fuck better. I just rocked the naked girls both back and forth, 1st the redhead’s then the blonde’s, then I switched it up. They were cock drunk and the sluts were in some place other than Earth. I know I’m a good fucker but not this good. That pussy felt so damn good on my dick. With each stroke, I thought that I was going to nut but I held it out like a champ. The sluts were panting and screaming, yearning for more. Their bodies were elite too.   The naked girls were both slim in figure and shaven. They had small tits but who cares, they were dragons in the sack. I was told about stories like these but I never imagined that I’d be the main star in a movie like this. I fucked their pussies with my veiny Johnson and I rubbed their clits. It was hard to concentrate and not loose it since they were constantly moving and doing nasty things, one nastier than the other. The innocence that they had before I’ve met my girl and this blonde was gone. I had full-blown orgy to indulge in. One pump, two pumps, three pumps I could have went on for days like this. The ecstasy was building up inside of me so fast that my cock had to blow! As I pulled out my cock to give it to the girls to blow on it, as they reached over to swallow it I came in their faces! I got dressed and ran out of the house as fast as I could! That was crazy!