m and saw her taking nude selfies. Since I don’t have Snapchat I didn’t know if there were any more pictures but I could only assume that there were. I stand there looking at her lovely titties. The teen girl looked so innocent, yet slutty. Then, the next day, I went down to get something to eat and there she was, pantiless teasing me. The little slut told me to come over and when I did she spread her sexy legs and I could see her teen pussy. Once she saw that I saw he coochie, she started rubbing it. Her pussy was clean shaven and looked so smooth and wet with her juices. The little slut! It was a nice small, pink slit, one that I’d definitely hit. I left her to cool down and the next time I saw her was on the balcony. The hot teen had her bare ass facing my cock as I approached her from the back. I don’t know how, but her skirt magically got lifted up and there it was, her sweet little teen ass rubbing against my rock hard dick. I knew I had to do what any father would, so I let the girl suck my dick. The teenager fell to her knees and started jerking me off. She was sucking on my tool and her sweet mouth felt amazing! Her tongue was working magic. I wondered where these young girls learned such techniques? It didn’t take long before I came in her mouth. She smiled as she swallowed my cum. The next day, I walked up into the room and the sexy girl was there as a present, waiting for me to come in. As soon as I entered she was sucking on my balls and stroking on my beef bayonet. I liked the ball sucking but wanted to fuck her hard. I lifted that red skirt and slid my shaft inside of her warm and eager cunt. The teen exhaled a pleasure moan and we started fucking. I blasted her deep and with intensity. After all, she was cheating on my son, what was I supposed to do? In a missionary pose, I could slide my rod all the way in and it seemed like it hurt, but she loved it. Her boob was pierced. man, that was hot. As she was rubbing on her clit, she reached her orgasm and came all over my dick but I kept on fucking. The young naked girl swallowed my snake with her quim as she sat on it during our reverse cowgirl fuck and this is where I realized that I was about to nut in her. I took my dick out and sprayed her pussy with my man goo. I told her not to speak to my son again, but it’s cool if she talks to me. Some people… 