The day was more of the usual shenanigans as always. I picked my girlfriend up from school and drove her home in the car. She looked extra sexy today and I couldn’t wait to get some of that sweet ass. Her panties were soaked thinking all day long in school about my dick sliding into her pussy. She acted all innocent and like she didn’t want it, but I knew that after a long day at school she needed some hard cock to cheer her up. So, I did just that, I waited till she got in the shower and I got in when she was completely naked and surprised her. I watched her as she filled the bath tub and my skinny naked girl showed me her cute little ass and pussy from some nice angles. I could tell that pretty soon I was going to get a nice fuck session with her. I pulled my dick out and started playing with it in front of her face and making myself hard. She squeezed her small tits together and I slid my cock against them. This got me really hard and I wanted nothing more than for her to give me a nice blowjob. Just as I thought of that, my girl started sucking on my cock hard like a complete slut. I watched her blonde haired head bob back and forth as she gave me an unimaginably good blowjob. She sucked me off for a while, and this made me really horny so I decided that I’ll fuck her right there and then. I bent her over and slid my cock inside her tight pussy. I started fucking her and I watched her petite body go back and forth as she was pushing my dick deep inside her and then back out again. Her wonderful weed tattoo was showing and I had an amazing time with her. After fucking her doggy style for a while, I felt like it was time to switch positions so I got her up on the tub and spread her legs wide. I saw her clit throbbing as I penetrated her pussy once more. I started fucking her in that position with her legs spread wide apart and I enjoyed every moment of it. I loved her pretty little face and the way she moaned when I fucked her, it was simply amazing. She felt so pleased that she started groping herself and stroking her clit as I came inside her hot pussy. 