Everybody knows how Saint Paddy’s Day can get really crazy and it’s not surprising if someone gets drunk out of their mind. Specifically, my girlfriend got insanely drunk this time and she was ready to pass out when we got back to our place. Her friend helped me get her in the house safely but I could see that her friend was also eyeing me a little bit. I was really interested to see where this will lead to so I invited her in. After we got my girlfriend on the couch, she fell asleep almost instantly. When she did her sexy friend started getting down and dirty on me and I just couldn’t say no to this amazingly sexy babe. I started groping her and eventually the slut was between my legs on her knees while I was lying back. We were doing all of this in the same room that my girl was sleeping in but the added risk was a great kink factor. She pulled my dick out and started sucking hard on it. She sucked on it like a little whore and I got hornier with every bob of her head. She was a pro at this, I could tell, so I wanted to see how far I can take it with her. In the middle of the blowjob, my girlfriend wakes up from her nap and can’t believe what she’s looking at. She sees her friend blowing me and understandably gets disgusted by it. I’m not sure if it was the hangover or that she found it all disgusting but she went to the bathroom and threw up. After that I felt like I could do anything with her slutty friend. I got her in my bedroom and lied on the bed. The bitch blew me some more, even deepthroated me before she finally got naked, got on top of my cock and started fucking me like crazy. She rode me like a cowgirl before I started fucking her from below. Then, the naked bitch turned around and rode me in reverse cowgirl mode. She did it so well and couldn’t resist but becoming a bit more engaged in the fuck session. I spread her legs and lied her down and started fucking her with her legs up in the air next to my sleeping girlfriend. In the end I creampied her sweet pussy with my hot cum and she orgasmed. 