It’s a day for a cooking class and it’s being led by one of the hottest, sluttiest teachers ever! This bitch has some really great tits and loves to fuck her students. Today, she wanted to teach her pupils how to make a healthy and tasty shake. As she was talking about it, she turned her head down and saw that there was this one guy secretly fingering his girlfriend and that got her crazy horny the moment she saw it! After a while, the couple moved away and the little bitch started sucking his prick! The teacher looked at her suck and joined her under the excuse of needing some cum for the shake. The lucky dude is now stuffing their mouths with this cock while the other students are watching, shocked. Two of those bitches started giving him the hottest and wildest deep throat every man ever wished for. He started jamming his huge prick inside each of their throats with such strength that it hardly allowed them to breathe. Their faces were suddenly all covered in spit, and the girls just loved being little sluts with a cock very deep down her throats! They started making some crazy sounds as if their throats are being filled with cum! The crazy girlfriend started riding her boyfriend’s cock while the other bitch stuffed her throat with a green cucumber! Her butt is unbelievably round and sexy and the boy started fucking her as hard as he can from below! The sexy blonde babe practically started raping her throat with that cucumber while the boy used both of his hand to help her slide on that cock with that outstanding butt. Those butt cheeks look amazing with each slide she makes, and her teacher takes his cock outside her pussy to suck it from time to time. It was teacher’s turn to ride. He sat on the table when she started riding his prick with her exquisite tits bouncing around. All the other pupils were staring in wonder as that bitch was squirting all over his prick! The naked girls were all screaming so loud that the other pupils couldn’t believe it. Some of them wanted to join the action so bad! The teacher kept riding her student’s prick for as long as she could, and she used all of her strength. His hard dick was going in and out of her cunt and it was squirting right in the teen girl’s open mouth! She had one squirting orgasm after another. It was now time for her to take a break while his girlfriend was the one wanting to be satisfied again! The little bitch bent over on the white couch and he started pounding her pussy from behind while the teacher was spreading her butt cheeks with her skillful hands. The girl went into a state of pure ecstasy as he was getting deeper and deeper into her little cunt. The blonde teacher enjoyed watching it just as if she’s the one getting fucked. His naked girlfriend kept moaning is such a sexy way, and her boyfriend occasionally took his cock out to stick it in his teacher’s pussy!   After fingering his girlfriend hard, it was the blondes turn again! The blonde spread her legs on the white couch and started screaming ever louder and squirting even harder as her pussy was getting destroyed really hard in front of shocked spectators. She supported one of her legs as he was fucking her pussy while occasionally fingering her asshole with a couple of his fingers. These two naked girls all went crazy, and they were all approaching their orgasms very fast. It was his girlfriend’s turn again, and he started fucking her in her cunt harder than ever before. The girls were aware that they’re having the best sex of their lives! It was time for the final moves. His bitch girlfriend wanted to come first so she started bouncing on his prick with those sublime butt cheeks. After sliding for a while, she felt the most amazing orgasm coming from her little pussy and she stopped her breathing for a while. She got her breath back, sat on the couch and couldn’t believe what just happened. Her teacher took the joystick and started riding until she too felt the most intense orgasm of her life. It was his time, so he got to his feet and shot his cum over their cute little faces! What a great threesome fuck for these sluts!