Every now and then, my sexy brunette girlfriend can be a real treat. Today she made me the most amazing dinner ever and I was really surprised by this. After eating it, I really felt good, but I had to sit it out while the food settled down. The one thing that could make this entire experience better is a really good blowjob. I gave my girl the ‘suck my cock’ eyes and she obeyed. I couldn’t believe that I’m getting this treatment from her and she got down on her knees between my legs. She proceeded to pull down my pants and I couldn’t wait to find out what she was about to do next. I was really hoping that she was about to give me the most amazing blowjob of my entire life and luckily, I was right. My sexy babe took her bra off as well and I got to see her amazing tits as well while she was getting ready to suck my dick. She put the tip of my cock inside her mouth and started sucking it so well that I couldn’t help but get really excited with her actions. She as going at it like a pro an I kept waiting to see what other technique she was going to use on me next. She did it so well that I really couldn’t help but wanting to obliterate her pussy. After deepthroating me like a complete slut, I took her to the living room where I wanted to fuck her insanely hard. Before that though I had to lube her up and get her horny. I lied underneath her and started licking her pussy while she sucked on my dick some more in 69. “Ohhhhhhh!” She moaned, cumming in my mouth. Her pussy lips were pulsating as my tongue flecked over her clitoris. We continued this sixty-nine and eventually it was time to fuck. I got my sexy naked girl to ride me like a whore and she did it really well. She rode me for a really long time and then I turned her around so that she could ride me in the reverse cowgirl position as well. My sexy girlfriend was bounding on my dick like only a pornstar could and I got to see her amazing body figure as she was doing it. Her bubble butt was majestic as she was fucking me and eventually I couldn’t help myself but cum all over her slutty ass as she orgasmed on my hard thick cock. 