I have such a burning hot step sis that all of my friends are talking about her all the time. I never got the chance to see her naked and I always tried my best to catch her somewhere and see that stunning body nude and beautiful. This one day, I was passing by my dad’s gym and saw my sister inside, masturbating! I was never that horny in my entire life as I was looking at that beautiful skin, long legs, and first round ass. She was so red hot sexy that she made my virgin dick so rock solid throbbing hard, my dick really needed to be all the way up in that delicious pussy. My sexy sister suddenly turned around and spotted me looking at her! It was so embarrassing that I started to run off! But, she wouldn’t let me so she went after me. We both got back to the gym so that she could teach me a lesson. I explained that I wanted to see her naked because all of my friends always talked about how hot she is. That actually made her flattered and horny, so she decided to have some fun with her little step-brother. The slut tells me not to tell a soul, got down, pulled my dick out and started sucking my cock! I wasn’t aware that I’m going to receive the most amazing blowjob ever! Where did she get all that experience when being this young? My step sis started licking it skillfully from each side, making me really horny and my cock extra hard. She started gagging on it and to push it really deep down her throat. She’s got a really beautiful face and she kept staring at me with those beautiful eyes. Man, I was doing my best not to come too early and embarrass myself in front of this hot girl. She took the control completely. I sat on one of the utensils used for exercise and my naked sister decided to show little step-brother a good time. I just couldn’t wait to see what she can do with that outstanding butt. The slut took my cock inside her hand, positioned it below her wet little pussy and then started to slide up and down, slowly and with passion. Sis increased the speed gradually and after a while, I was helping her in jumping on my cock with drilling her hard from below. I grabbed her butt cheeks with my hand and kept stuffing her snatch with my sausage! The beautiful naked girl turned around and obviously wanted to drive me crazy with her stunning butt facing me! I loved seeing her pussy getting stretched out on my cock, doing the right exercise. My step sister pushed herself against her legs as she felt my dick penetrating her really hard. This lovely floozy finally wanted me to take over the control, laid down and spread her beautiful legs. I grabbed those and started cock-inspecting her pretty pussy to show some real dominance. She starts releasing all kinds of stimulating sounds and I prayed not to come too early and let her down.   I kept stretching her little pussy with my cock while staring at her beautiful face, and she knew know much I liked it. After a while, her hand lowered down and the beautiful naked girl started rubbing her clit as she was feeling me going inside deeper and deeper. Her eyes rolled over each time I hit her g-spot and she was already on the verge of the most intensive orgasm. I wanted to finish her so bad that I kept fucking her in this position until I decided to change the tactics. I lowered my head down and started licking her beautiful pussy with my tongue from the bottom to the top. I started penetrating her cunt with it and she went absolutely crazy for it. After a couple of minutes, I felt her pussy contracting and she went into the most amazing orgasm. It was my turn and she knew it. She got down on her knees and jammed my cock in her throat. My cock was pulsating and more than ready to ejaculate, so I pulled my dick out and her face was suddenly covered with my warm cum! I left my step sis in the gym with a smile on her face and my cum dripping out of her vagina!