My stepmom is a real slut. I’ve known this from the first day that I met her and I knew that she’s sleeping around with other guys on the regular basis. She’s a sex freak, and I want to use that to my advantage. I already know that I can get a lot out of her if I seduce her well enough so one day I get into the living room while she’s finishing up her yoga. Dad isn’t going to return home for another few hours so I think of using this situation to my advantage. I get behind my mom and start groping her. She takes it really well and she allows me to touch her wherever I want, her juicy ass and her boobs. I take hold of her big tits and start playing with them. The bimbo has a pair of really nice tits and I really want to see them with nothing on so I take off her top. I get to see her wonderful tits for the first time and I’m simply amazed. I start seducing her more in hopes of taking this to a next level. My efforts aren’t futile and she gets on her knees in front of me. I really couldn’t believe this and so I started getting really horny and excited. My dick got instantly hard and I couldn’t wait to get my hard cock inside her slutty mouth. The sexy woman gobbled it up like a complete whore and she started sucking on it hard. She sucked on it like it was her job, even going as far as to deepthroat me like a pro. My dick went all the way down her throat and suddenly I came inside her mouth. She even swallowed everything as to not leave evidence behind. The next day I went to her bedroom and I found her jerking herself off. This was aperfect moment and I sat next to her as she had no panties on. She spread her legs and I slid my finger inside her beautiful pink pussy and started fingering her wet slit. Afterwards she told me to fuck her! I stuck my rock hard cock in her lovely cunt and started fucking her in the missionary position, and then I fucked her doggy as well. She even rode me. It was something watching those big tits bounce and swing as the naked woman riding me. I got to experience a really nice fuck session before dad got home and I even came inside her, filling her hot pussy up to the brim. 