This doctor has some really interesting ways of diagnosing his patients. To find out if his patient has a sore throat he has to feel her breasts. Today’s patient is as stupid as a rock so he listens to every word he says. The brunette slut takes off her shirt and the doc starts feeling up her tits over her bra. He then takes off that same bra and feels her tits raw. After that, he pushes his finger down her throat and she gets a throat check from his finger. The teen girl starts getting excited and the doctor just can’t continue working unless he gets a blowjob so he convinces her that in order for her to get her throat cured, she has to suck on his cock. Talk about a dick having magical powers, the teen slut listens to him and gets down on her knees. He pulls out his cock and she starts sucking on it like a complete whore. This bitch really knows how to suck a cock! He gets the blowjob of his life and she doesn’t flinch once as his dick goes down her throat. She smiles and then stands back up. The doctor feels like the patient needs some more treatment so he undresses her completely and reveals her beautiful back and ass with a nice tattoo that goes down her spinal cord. The naked girl spreads her legs on the patient bed and he goes on his knees and starts licking her pussy. She gets some really nice head and he does some perfect tongue work on her. LOVE THAT BUSH! She is feeling really horny now and her pussy is drenched in wetness so the doc knows that she needs some hard dick inside her. He stands up and shoves it inside of her. He fucks her hard for quite a while, rocking her petite pale body back and forth as he’s doing it. Super sexy! He gives her a really savage fuck session, and then turns the young naked girl around so that she can lube his cock up some more. The naked girl gets on her knees, spreads her buttocks with both hands and his tongue enters her open asshole, she spreads open her asshole and he eats away The slut lets him lie on the patient bed and she climbs on top of him and starts riding him in the reverse cowgirl position. She starts riding him but after a while this isn’t enough for him so he starts pounding her pussy from below. He does it so hard that it makes the bitch squirt and he ends up cumming inside her tight pussy. Riley looks extra stunning in this scene. She’s definitely one of the top girls in porn industry, so much respect for her. 