My best friend is one of the craziest people I ever got to know. She always invites me to do crazy things together, but today literally the unimaginable happened. I have to admit, my friend is a bit of a slut and a nymph, and she easily gets horny. While we were in a comic book, she wanted me to record her masturbate. I strongly refused at first but agreed in the end when I saw that she wouldn’t give up. She took her dildo outside of her bag, got on the floor and that’s when it all began! The crazy slut started working her pussy hard, and she started moaning in the middle of the comic book store full of nerds. What a crazy bitch, she even got some nerds around her watching her masturbate, pretending they’re not looking. She kept polishing her little cunt while every one of those nerds got a hard-on! My friend turned around and saw a couple of guys watching her masturbate, and that got her crazy horny. She was always into trying the wildest things, so she decides to fuck one of these nerds! My jaw dropped as she came close to one of these guys and started blowing his prick. The little whore pushed it deep down her throat, and I have to admit, all this action got me horny too! The other nerds kept watching as that dude ripped her panties from her butt, lifted one of her legs and started fucking her really hard in her ignited little pussy! My slut friend was now extremely horny and enjoyed the way this dude pounded her little snatch. She’s wearing the sexiest ping glasses that made him stare at her constantly while pounding her little snatch. He felt like changing a position! After blowing his cock a bit more, she started riding his huge prick and he used her hands to help her. Her butt cheeks look amazing while she’s sliding up and down on his huge prick. The guy has really got some skills, and he sure showed her a good time. He lifted both of her legs with his strong arms and pounded that little ass harder than I ever saw. He turned her around and licked her pussy while she was gagging on his prick. The naked girl gets on the ground and rides his prick until the time came for him to shot his load all over her face! 