Katrina is one amazing hot babe, and she couldn’t wait to use her newest lingerie outfit to satisfy her new customer. She took all of her normal clothes off and put on the sexiest outfit on that you’ve ever seen. She had a beautiful black lingerie suit on and some leather boots as well. She also had a black choker around her neck to add to the kinkiness. The guy was blindfolded in the beginning and the babe grinded on him and let him play with her tits as he got in the mood for more. After that she took off her lingerie one piece suit to reveal her amazing tits. The girl had an amazing pair of wonderful boobs which had piercings in each nipple. She also has tattoos on her entire arm, as well as under her eye and one on her ass as well. She bent down, showing off her anus and her pussy. She didn’t take off the boots nor the choker when she got down on her knees and started sucking on the dude’s cock. The escort slut sucked on it like a pro, because that’s exactly what she was, a pro in sucking cock. The whore continued to blow this dude as it progressed into deepthroating and he slammed his dick to the back of her throat over and over again. She even choked on it a couple of times, sometimes to the point where you would think that she might even pass out from the hardcore deepthroating that she’s doing. The slut goes on to suck his cock with several different techniques before finally being ready to get that cock inside her pussy. The naked girl got on the couch and spread her legs wide up in the air. The dude was ready and set to fuck her like a madman and that’s exactly what he did. He put one of her legs with the boot on over his shoulder and just ravaged her pussy with the amount of force that he used to fuck her. He continued to fuck her hard as she got more and more pleasure out of it, and you could see it on her face with every passing moment of the fuck session. The dude then got even more savage when he bent her over and started fucking her doggy style. He rocked her body savagely as he fucked her harder and harder and he finally came inside her slutty mouth, filling it up completely. 