I have a really hot step sis and I always looked for ways to get into her panties. She always wanted to become a stripper and talked about it all the time. This one day, we got into a discussion about that kind of profession, and I kept telling her how she can never be a striper, but secretly wanting her to take her clothes off and show me what she’s got. She said she wanted to prove it to me by doing a show for me. My beautiful step-sister got to her feet and took her clothes off slowly and left only her underwear. She’s looking so amazing that I got the biggest wish to fuck her along with the hardest erection in my pants. The babe started caressing her smooth skin with her skillful hands while staring at me lustfully with those amazing eyes. She slowly started pulling her bra down and her unbelievable tits were suddenly out in the open. Those things made me crazy horny! Her boobs were amazing. She gets up and starts taking her panties off. She sure showed me she can do it but!… She was too embarrassed about the whole thing, put her clothes on and told me to leave the room. And I thought I was going to fuck her. The next day, she comes in the living room and starts telling me how everyone at the strip club always demands handjobs and blowjobs. I told her she could practice it with me so she got close to me, pulled my dick out and she started to lick and blow the shit out of it! I was going crazy as my cock was going deeper and deeper into her mouth. She was a bit shy at the beginning but started liking it like a little slut. I began fucking her throat and suddenly started running away! I went into her room and there she was, waiting for me to begin taking her clothes off. I told her to demonstrate what she will do with a client, so she told me to lay down and started playing with her stunning tits. I was holding two of the biggest tits ever in my arms. It wasn’t long after that when she started sucking my prick again. This time, she was really horny and stuffed her mouth with my dick harder than before. She was ready to give me some good time, so she got on top of me and started riding my cock with her bushy little pussy and her big breasts in front of my face. Her astonishing melons were bouncing around while she was on top and also watched her burning pussy slide up and down on my cock. I put her down and started fucking her really hard with my cock while she was constantly staring at me while moaning silently.   Her face looked so beautiful as I was penetrating her hard. Nothing could have stopped me from bringing this horny slut to the edge of the most intensive orgasm of her life. The busty naked girl felt great in this position and did not want to change it. I felt that way too and her cunt was so warm that I wanted to stay inside her forever. I kept imagining how her face would look with my semen all over it, and I fucked her harder to get there faster. She was constantly caressing her succulent tits with her hands and started licking her nipples from time to time. The sounds she made were so hot that it’s too bad I didn’t record it all. The hot babe wanted to change the position and decided to give me one last ride. My step sister turned around and started bouncing on my cock with her butt facing me. That thing was so round and beautiful that I knew I couldn’t last for long. She suddenly starts screaming and feels the most amazing orgasm. Nothing will stop me from coming on her face now that she’s satisfied. I jumped on my feet and spread my cum on that gorgeous face and her tits. I looked at her wet face for a while and then encouraged her to chase the career of striper, she’s got some real talent!