A female police officer was on her daily lookout for criminals and sported a suspicious vehicle nearby. Calling all units, calling all units, she is reporting a possible 314, indecent exposure. The officer comes out of her car, comes close to the vehicle and finds a dude jerking off to some porn with his window open. She’s in shock but can’t take her eyes off his prick. The officer told him what he’s doing is not permitted by law and that she has to punish his ass. While she’s saying all that stuff, his huge cock made her extremely hot and her dirty mind immediately thought of taking sexual advantage of this guy! She opened the door and said that she’s got to inspect what’s going on in detail. All the masks fell down when she grabbed his prick and started to jerk it off. It wasn’t long after that when she shoved his prick deep into her throat like a horny little bitch. The man can’t believe that a sexy female officer is sucking him in his car, but he decided to enjoy it as much as possible. She gagged on that dick as hard as she could while touching her stunning round tits. She could hardly breathe from that cock deep in her mouth. The sexy busty babe took his prick and started jamming it between her tits. The men took both of his legs, wrapped those around her neck and started to strangle her while she was giving him the most amazing wild deep throat ever performed! This stunning woman was now more than ready to ride his huge erect cock like a little slut! She took all of her clothes off except her shoos and started riding his prick with making the most beautiful sounds. Her bushy pussy just loves how it feels to slide up and down that huge prick. Suddenly, they saw someone coming! They got inside the car fast and went back outside when that someone passed by. He put the officer on the hood of her car and started fucking her amazing round butt in a wild doggy style. She had her face on the hood while he was trying his best to pound the shit out of her. He fucked the sexy naked police officer so hard that she began to squirt! The sexy cop had a squirting orgasm! She continued making the most amazing sounds as he was going harder and harder. The young man flipped the naked girl over and started pounding her pussy hard while she’s on her back. After riding him a bit more, he got to her feet, and he spread his cum all over her exquisite little face! Officer going down on suspect! Cumshots fired! Repeat, facial in progress! Code 80085! All units, report to Officer Carrera’s 20 for immediate clean-up! 