This beautiful redhead wanted to test her limits so I got her to my place and told her that I’m going to give her the thickest cock that she’s ever been in contact with. The young girl gladly agreed and soon enough I was playing with her tiny body. I stripped the girl naked and I got to see her petite body in all its sexiness and glory. She had a really tight pussy and a very tiny ass and tits. She was really the cutest and smallest teen that I would ever fuck and this excited me a lot as well. I put her on her knees and she started sucking on my dick. The bitch had a really nice pair of green eyes so it looked amazing when she looked up at me while she was blowing me. She gave me the most satisfying blowjob of my life. This was her true test, and if she could survive my dick then she could survive any dick. I got her on the couch and she spread her legs and started stroking her pussy to make it wet and ready for my monster dick. I got close to her and started inserting my dick inside her inch by inch. I went in slowly so that I wouldn’t hurt her too much but there really was no other option. A little bit of pain had to be involved. I started fucking the small girl in that position. I went really slow at first and sped up as time went on. I fucked her harder and harder with every thrust that I made in her little pussy and eventually I started fucking her hardcore. I got up and took her with me. Her petite body was completely being carried by my strength and I started fucking her while standing. I bounced heron my cock and soon enough I was up for even more extreme shit. After some more fucking in that position I got the young naked girl on the couch and lied below her so that I could fuck her from underneath. What ensued was probably the most insane hardcore fuck of my life. I shoved my thick monster dick inside her and just ruthlessly destroyed her pussy with the most hardcore penetration session that has ever been seen. I did this until I couldn’t take it anymore and I filled her tight pussy up. 