I just love my job and believe me, it’s not so rare for me to even get some at a massage. The massage is a very relaxing thing and my customers often get really horny and, well… I’m not so bad looking. I wouldn’t give this job away for the world since it brings lots of excitement into my life. This one time, I had a really beautiful skinny girl over for a massage, and I wanted to bang this hottie from the moment she entered the room. If I want to fuck my client, I do a massage that always lifted my chance of getting some. The sexy girl took her clothes off and laid on the bed, wrapped in a towel. I just knew she noticed I have a hard-on but wouldn’t say anything. I started doing a massage and the young naked girl started making all these amazing sounds that made me yearn for her body even more. I took a special lotion and started rubbing it all over her skinny little body. The naked girl started moaning as if we were having sex and I just had to do something about that, it was way too provocative. My hand ended up rubbing her pussy! The girl was so relaxed that she didn’t mind me starting to rub her little cunt. After a couple of moments, she started grabbing my cock and that’s when I knew I was in for a lot of fun. The naked girl sits upright and starts to caress her body against mine with that beautiful pussy out in the open. Her smoking hot body was all covered in oil and I wanted to bang her as soon ass possible. I started fingering her young little pussy very hard and she loved it! The girl started screaming really hard as I was fingering her harder and harder. I put her on the table once again and rubbed some lotion all over her amazing body. She was now wet and all ready to have my cock in that beautiful mouth. She’s got the most beautiful face and pearl white teeth, and I yearned so much to stick it in he little mouth. The cute girl started blowing my cock in this really beautiful manner and I loved it. The girl turned around with her belly on the table and begged me for a deep throat. I was sticking my prick really deep into this cutie’s mouth and she really liked it. Everything was ready for the hottest fuck ever. I spread her slim legs, entered deep into her with one quick, hard stroke and started drilling her little cunt while the girl was rubbing her clit all the time. I have to say I have quite a big cock and all girls just love the way it feels in their little pussies. I was holding both of her legs with my hand and made her slide up and down on my cock! The girl loved it but she also wanted to show some dominance and wanted to ride me. I laid on the table and she got on top of me. I put some extra lotion on that stunning round butt and she gave me the ride of my life.   This little floozy sure loves bouncing on my cock and the way she does it is just fucking perfect! The tempo and all the sexy sounds she made me almost come with each minute we fucked. Her ass was now really wet and slippery as she was jumping on that cock as if it was a trampoline. I started slapping her butt really hard as she kept screaming like a little bitch! The young naked girl turned around and started riding me in the opposite direction. Her eyes rolled when I started pounding her from below. I suddenly decided to take both of her legs with my hands and started fucking her really hard in her red little pussy! The girl came twice already and my time was approaching. I wanted to try her out in one more position, so I bent her over and jammed my cock into her little pussy in doggy style. I kept pounding her until I felt the need to spread my cum all over this gorgeous beauty’s face! My cock started to shoot out thick wads of hot cum, hitting her nose, cheeks, forehead, chin… The little slut grinned, licking sticky cum off her lips. A sloppy face is a happy face!