I’m a professor, and that means that I have an important duty to fulfil. I have to teach my students all that they have to know for any upcoming test. Today I’m helping out three of my female students in their dorm room. The girls all seem very nice in the beginning but soon enough they start acting funny. And I don’t mean cracking jokes, instead these girls start getting really dirty with me. It’s almost as if the teens called me over only to start some kind of fuck fest with me. I haven’t had sex in a long time and I’d never think to have sex with my young students, but they were really fine. I’ve never had students this sexy before so I couldn’t simply say no when they started teasing me and touching me all over. One of the young sexy girls got her tits out and I couldn’t help but stare at their magnificent size. The student with a beanie and glasses on pressed her bod against me and touched my dick over my pants and that’s where I got taken aback for a moment. I quickly collected myself and decided that maybe I should roll with this and see where it goes. The girls quickly started letting me grope them and play with them. I sat in the chair and put my arms around two of their waists while the third one got on her knees in between my legs. I sucked on the two girls’ titties and grabbed their asses while the third one started to undo my pants and pull out my dick. When the girls saw it, they all wanted a piece of it so all three of them were on the floor just like that. The three of them started haggling over who can start sucking on my dick first and I couldn’t be more overjoyed as they started sucking on my cock. First the one in the glasses started sucking on it, then the one with huge tits started deepthroating me. The blonde one got a piece of action as well. Soon enough though this wasn’t enough for the hot coeds so they all took off their clothes and got into position to start a nice and long fuck session. As they did, my dick got even harder and they were astonished by my size. The teens couldn’t believe how big their professor’s dick really was when fully hard. The blonde one in particular was really thirsty so she was the first one up on my lap. The young naked girl slid my dick inside her pussy and started riding me like a little whore. She rode me for a long time and then switched over to the reverse cowgirl position as well. The other two naked girls were watching and sucking on my balls occasionally. They also made out on the side and I got to see some sweet lesbian action. I was basically pounding this bimbo at this point and she loved every second of it as the other two girls sucked and played with my ballsack.   The naked brunette with big boobs couldn’t wait any longer and decided that it’s her turn to get boned now. She bended over on the bed and I shoved my cock inside of her. I started fucking her hard while her friends watched and made out on the side. Then we got kinkier so the sexy blonde one got under the one I was fucking and started licking her pussy, while the big-ttitied blonde gave some nice oral to the one with the glasses. The nerdy girl really felt left out so it was time to give her some of the action as well. I got her to sit on top of me and I started fucking her hard from underneath while her friends groped her and made out with her and each other. In the end all three naked girls started sucking on my dick again as I came inside their mouths and they swallowed all of the cum with glee. You could tell that the college girls had a very pleasurable experience because of the looks on their faces and we couldn’t wait for our next scheduled studying session so that we could do it all over again like this time.