There’s nothing better than turning on the news only to find the hottest news host telling you all the latest happenings. The reporter looks gorgeous in her sexy red pencil skirt. But sometimes it can be annoying when these babes are interrupted by some random retarded dudes, but this day is a bit different. The guy in this one doesn’t just want to interrupt the news host without a second thought, but instead is looking to get his end wet as well. The sexy brunette is soon going to be taking it hard and we can’t wait. Reporting on some broken down pipes is a perfect setting for this as the brunette finds out about a pipe that this guy has in his pants. You could tell that she was amazed the second that she saw this man’s dick. She didn’t care one bit that she was live on air and she started staring at it and getting the cameraman to get a close-up of the cock. The sexy babe then starts getting groped by the dude who takes her from behind and starts playing with her body parts including her pussy and boobs over her clothes. The guy uses this to his advantage and squeezes the shit out of all of her privates. He doesn’t think that he can get anything more out of this but soon he realizes that this news anchor is a complete whore and can’t wait to get some cock inside her, no matter the hole. She just wants to gobble up on some dick and that’s exactly what she does. She jumps to her knees in front of the guy and starts sucking on his huge dick hard. The sexy girl sucks harder with each passing moment and everything is caught live on camera. She gets a real pounding done to her tight lips and the whole nation is watching the situation unfold. The cameraman keeps the frame locked dead on her slutty mouth taking that cock over and over and he doesn’t seem to want to change that either. The guy loves what’s going on and the news anchor ups her game with some deepthroating as the guy get insanely hard. His giant cock penetrates deep inside her throat and he fucks that throat of hers like it’s a pussy. He mercilessly takes his cock and shoves it deep inside her throat over and over as she gets hornier and more excited. The horny girl wants more and you can tell it from the look on her face. Things pick up and soon enough they’re standing outside the back of the news can and she’s pulling down her skirt and panties. The guy wants to fuck her hard on camera and she’s about to get her most amazing orgasm. She gets bent over and the dude starts pounding away at her pussy. He fucks her really hard in this doggy style position, slamming against her cute little ass and the bitch is loving every second of it. She plays with her pussy as the guy fucks her, stroking her clit to give herself maximum pleasure. The pounding continues and he fucks her harder with every thrust at her pussy. Soon enough he feels like he could use some more moisture on his cock so he gets her to squat down and keep sucking on his dick some more.   The girl starts sucking on it like a slut and the cameraman keeps filming everything. Then the guy starts fucking her mouth from the horniness that he’s accumulated. After lubing up his dick some more, the guy lies down in the back of the truck and the young naked girl gets on top of him and starts squatting on his cock. The bitch grabs hold of a flimsy trimming piece but it snaps off from the force of him fucking her. She falls back down on his cock and he starts fucking her insanely hard from underneath her. He fucks her like a complete whore and we get a beautiful shot of it as well. She then gets her legs up and he puts his arms underneath those legs of hers and starts pummeling her and piledriving her wet pussy harder and harder. She sucks his cock one more time and then he fucks her on the grass before cumming all over her beautiful face. Charity is sooooo hoooootttt! Natural, witty and great body.