This is the very first lactating video on DampLips. Aali is pumping her breasts so she can leave some breast milk with her babysitter, Abella. When she walks in, she finds the sexy blonde, half naked, pumping her beautiful breasts. Feeling awkward, she asks if she should come back later. Aali tells her that it’s fine, they’re all girls here, and then provides her with instructions on how to feed the baby. The horny babysitter is transfixed with the breast milk and can’t stop staring at the bottle and her big tits. She wasn’t breastfed as a child and has never tasted it before. When she asks her if she can try some from her swollen big breasts, the blonde reminds her that they just recently met and she doesn’t really know her. Abella practically begs her, explaining that just once she would like to drink it from a breast. Before Aali gets a chance to respond, the horny lesbian sits on her and removes her shirt, begging her to let her drink from her lovely tits. Aali is flattered and asks Abella to close the door so her husband doesn’t walk in. With their privacy assured, Abella starts squeezing the milk out of her tits and hosing her face up in the process. I love swollen breasts with big, luscious nipples. I love breast worshiping and I’m a squirting fan but I never watched anything like this before, and I didn’t think I’ll like it, but I was wrong. This is amazing. Didn’t know breastfeeding could be so erotic. The milky goddess is amazing with her swollen breasts, squirting milk into the lesbian’s open mouth. It’s a tight closeup of her squeezing milk out of her boobs & spraying it everywhere. I’m mesmerized by how the titty milk squirt out of multiple openings in the nipple. These closeups are brilliant. When Abella starts playing with Aali’s amazingly pink, wet and swollen pussy, it looks like she’s enjoying this as much as Abella is. Aali’s husband knocks on the door and interrupts the girls. Coming up with any excuse to have some privacy, the wife sends him on a fool’s errand to go get some diapers, taking the baby with him. Now that the girls have the house all to themselves, they can explore their wildest fantasies together. Head to toe, there’s not a spot on Abella’s lovely bronze body that isn’t splattered in mama milk. The freaking lactating on Abella’s asshole then the rimming, omg, genius. I also love the breast/nipple action on Abella’s clit. Two hot naked girls get into position, scissoring their legs so that they can press their wet pussies together, rubbing their clits against each other and keep squirting breast milk! Breast worship is beautiful, and from our point of view, enjoying each other’s milk is one of the most intimate and erotic things two women can share in. Just. Fucking. Beautiful. Breast. Scene. Ever. Watching two girls just licking each other is boring. Watching two or more naked girls talking in sensual way, touching, looking, kissing softly is great. And when she’s pregnant or lactating woman, this is the best sensual and sexiest way she could show the beauty of a woman and her sexuality at top. Watch more pregnancy and lactation lesbian videos. 