These two brunette bimbos are way out there in their ways helping out the step-bro’s reputation. He is a kind of a dude who constantly gets bullied and everyone is making fun of him because he is not the ladies man and he seems kind of “beta”. Well, leave it to these two sluts to make a change in his life. His stepsister and her friend decided that maybe if they fuck him and show the world that he had a threesome with girls of this caliber that maybe, things will change for him. His dick was nice and long, smooth enough for the two sexy girls to slobber all over it and make the nude selfie look awesome. The size of his cock will make him popular with the ladies and the two bitches on his cock will make him score points with the fellas. First, the cute small titty teen sucks on him. She gargles and gobbles that salami as if it was the best thing she ever put in her mouth. All the spit stayed on his dick and the stepsis took that thing and started blowing it too. The other was there to bite his balls. Then, both sluts took a bow and ate his dick and his balls but they forgot to take any pictures. This was all for them, their pleasure was what needed to be satisfied 1st. The girls slid all over his dick and even licked each other as their mouths met. These two are sex whores and that is a fact. Then, the lovely pussy slid down his dick and the tattooed up teen rode his pecker with her thrusts, hips and with her vagina. It was too damn raw. The sexy naked girl moaned, her cute little ass moving up and down on his cock. Then, the trimmed pussy teen had her turn. She was in a reverse cowgirl position and she took her try on that monster dick. She maybe had a few strokes more and then the other girl took that bazooka out and sucked it some more. This penis had so much going on for it that it was bound that the dude was going to cum. He sped up on the bitch that he was fucking and then took his stepsis to fuck. As he was nailing her missionary style, the other slut was kissing on him. Later on, the naked babes were getting lesbo on each other as the dude was still plowing that hole of pleasure. Eating pussy was not something the two of them did too often but here was their chance. Then, the naked girls made the dude eat the pussy and fuck at the same time. He was getting all the kinky stuff in one session since he needed to be sped up on the sex lessons. The girls were getting freakier and nastier as they were getting closer and closer to their orgasms. Once the stepsis took a brake from the pussy lick, she took a cock in her slit in a sideways position.   All the time, her friend was hovering above the cock and the pussy to stop, suck it, lick the clit, lick his balls and slide the cock back into the hole. The session was lasting a really long time and the three of them were all impressed that the dude could last so long. His balls were eaten as he was fucking the sister’s cunt, awesome! That was too damn crazy but, life always has ways to reward those who wait. Then, it was time for the doggy style. The friend was the one who was getting plowed and she loved. The hunk annihilated that pussy and he was done. He needed to orgasm so damn bad it wasn’t even funny. He took his penis out of the pussy, grabbed the bottom of the cock so he doesn’t cum just yet. The ladies came before the penis and as soon as he released his hand from his shaft, the cum violently hit their cute faces and it splattered all over their mouths. What a selfie this was going to be.