What are two robber babes to do after having a successful heist? Of course, the girls are going to celebrate with some hot lesbo sex and that’s exactly what they do. The make out and lick each other’s pussies in the bed which they’ve completely covered in money that they’ve stolen from the bank. The sluts give each other some of the best oral of their lives as they think of all the ways that they can spend all this cash that they have. The girls’ fierce fucking is so loud that they attract the attention of the motel’s manager, who tells them to quiet down or get out. All of a sudden, he gets hit with a lamp over the head. He falls unconscious and the two chicks tie him up. After that, the sluts keep making out on the bed and he eventually wakes up to notice them doing that. He can’t believe what they did but he can’t help but get aroused by this. The naked girls notice that his dick is hard stiff and decide to have some fun with him. They untie him and throw him on the bed. They get on top of him and start sucking on his cock hard. He can’t help but get aroused by this and his dick gets harder and harder by the second as these bitches keep blowing him hard. The naked girls both do his dick right at the same time. One of them licks and sucks on his cock while the other one would lick his balls so that they don’t dry up. The crazy bitches also decide to deepthroat him hard before getting wet themselves. They know that it’s going to be harder to get him to fuck them but luckily for them, the dude just says, ‘fuck it’ and decides to join them in this victory threesome. He gets the blonde on her knees on the bed while her partner gets underneath her and licks her pussy. The guy doesn’t waste any time with the pussies and instead shoves it up her ass! He anal fucks her hard before turning the tables and all of a sudden, the brunette is getting the same anal treatment as her blonde friend did. I ask you, is there an ass-man alive who can physically sit through this buttfucking bonanza, watching two hot babes get their assholes drilled by a big dick, and NOT go bust a load? My god the two women are beautiful, the sex is super kinky, and the camerawork just top notch. The assfucking is truly hypnotic and drool-worthy. I especially like the anal fucking and ball sucking happening at the same time. The pair of horny criminals both finally get a hot facial. Proper filthy scene full of great passionate raw fucking, love it. 