After a long day at university, this girl just wants to get her homework done so that she can rest for the day. This hope will soon be shattered as her stepbrother falls into her room with his dick hard and out of his pants. He was peeping on her as he could see her panties because of how she was spreading her legs with her skirt on while she was sitting down. Nice little upskirts view, how can you blame him? His stepsister is one hot bitch, and anyone would fall for the temptation. Luckily for him, she doesn’t seem to mind one bit and even stakes his dick in her hand. The girl pulls him into her room by his dick and lies him down on her bed. She’s about to help him out with his boner and show him a really good time in the process. The sexy teen gets on the bed over his dick and teases him for a while before stating to kiss his tip with her mouth. She takes all of her clothes off and we get to see her tits and pussy. She still has the skirt on though, and it’s a really nice touch while she’s sucking him off. She sucks his big dick like a pro and the dude enjoys every second of it. He’s getting really horny, and she knows damn well that she won’t be able to make him cum with only a blowjob, so she’s going to have to pop her pussy for him. The naked sister bends herself over on the bed and her step brother shoves his cock inside her as he starts fucking her really hard. He fucks her like a whore in a porn movie and she strokes her clit as he does that. He goes harder and faster with every thrust that he does inside her pink cunt and soon enough we get to see that he’s not kidding when he was thinking of fucking her like a savage. He flips the naked girl around in a different position and spreads her legs far apart. He fucks her like she’s not even his sister but just some random broad that he paid 10 bucks to fuck. After that she rewards his efforts with a blowjob on the bed. He is finally ready to unload and she sucks him off for a while longer as he shoots out cum all over her face and she licks some of it off and swallows. 