If your hot blonde neighbor is making a lot of noise, you better go around her place and check what’s going on. This day it just so happened that this blondie invited her friend over for a little girl time. The two sexy teenage girls couldn’t contain their energy though and they started jumping on the bed. The neighbor next door heard the girls and he went to check things out. These hot teens don’t even bother shutting the door before they trash their bed. One of the teen sluts was sitting on the bedroom bed with her legs spread out and the neighbor immediately knew that something fishy was going on. Both teens are taking their clothes off and grab the dude. They both know of the rumors about his huge cock. Apparently, he’s well-endowed and they want to check if it’s true. The young teens pulled down his pants and saw the most gigantic cock that they’ve ever seen in their entire lifetimes. The young whores immediately started to suck him off and he just lied himself down and let them do whatever they wanted. The girls sucked like pros and they did it really fast as well. It wasn’t that hard from the beginning though, after all, they didn’t want to spoil all of the fun in the very beginning. Instead, they started off slow and picked things up as he got harder and harder. As time went on, the girls started deepthroating him interchangeably while the one that’s not deepthroating him would suck on his balls in the meantime. Afterwards, they wanted some pounding action so they took off their panties and started riding him like complete whores. The young naked girls were riding him hard from the get-go, first the neighbor, and then her bimbo of a friend followed up. The petite blondes enjoyed his huge dick with every bounce that they committed to and they knew that they wanted to keep this up for a long time. They fucked him hard for a while longer before sucking on his dick again when he was close to finishing. Two tiny naked girls started to jerk his long dick off in their faces and they were about to get covered by his sperm. The dude came all over their faces and left the girls kissing and licking the sticky sperm off each other. 