Are you in the mood to see the tiniest blonde babe get ravaged by a cock? I filmed just that kind of situation with this petite babe in my house. She is about to find out how girthy my cock can really be as I get my cock inside her and fuck her like she’s a complete whore. She wants that as well, you can tell it from the way she looks at me. From the very beginning, she starts sucking on my cock she is looking at it with amazement. The small girl can’t believe how big it is and she has to grab it with both hands while sucking on it. I just love the way she’s kneeling in front of me as she’s blowing me and her cute pink top just adds to the whore innocent persona that she’s trying to put on. Underneath that persona though, I know that she’s a complete sex freak. After the tiny girl has lubed my dick up nicely I decided that I want to take some initiative when it comes to her slutty mouth so I climb on top of a chair while she sits in it and I sink my cock into her mouth and down her throat. I sink it in really deep and I start fucking her throat hard from that crazy position. I’ve never tried this position before in my life so this is something new for me as well. I can’t tell that I didn’t enjoy it though as I started fucking her throat faster and harder with every thrust inside of her little mouth. Soon enough I wanted more, and so I got her on top of me after she pulled down her pants and undies. I wanted to fuck her like a complete whore. And so, I started fucking her from underneath. This slim blonde was barely able to fit it all in her small pussy, but she was ready to be stretched as far as it took! For a minute or two I would fuck her like a madman and then she would take control over the situation and she would bounce on my cock like a slut. We went back and forth like this for a while as my cock hit the very end of her pussy canal and I was enjoying every second of it. There was something really exciting about how tight her innocent pussy was and I couldn’t contain my excitement while fucking her. She couldn’t either, as I could see the pleasure forming on her face as I fucked her and spread her vagina wide. The teen has never ridden a cock this huge so this is definitely something that she’s trying out for the first time in her life. I can tell that the petite girl enjoyed this and I tried to prolong it as long as I could. But all good things must come to an end and so I forced her to suck on my dick some more if she is to get more of my hard cock inside her. After all, it’s not every day that a bitch like her gets to fuck a strong and beefy dude like me. The hot teen sucks my dick well and she lubes it up for round two of our fuck fest. I can’t say that I wasn’t impressed by her commitment and so I had to reward her with some more fucking in her tight pussy. I got the young naked girl on the pool table and put one of her legs on my shoulder as I spread her legs wide apart and I started fucking her in that position.   Her legs were so wide apart that I could enter her teen pussy as deep as I wanted. I started pounding it harder than I’ve ever pounded in my entire life. She seemed to enjoy every single moment of it and I couldn’t’ contain my excitement either. It was a really good feeling inside that young pussy of hers and I kept pounding it over and over again as she started to orgasm. I fucked the tiniest petite blonde babe and she loved it! My balls were slapping rhythmically against her ass with every stroke. The Superman sex position made the petite blonde teen literally fly atop my massive dick! This is why I love tiny girls! I rotated the small girl around on my shaft, destroying her fuck hole in a powerful Superman sex position. I felt like my job here was done and I had the opportunity to cum as well. I decided to pull out and get her on her knees in front of me and I jerked it off in her ace until I splurged my hot cum all over it and she loved it.