Her name was Alex and she was the most popular and sexiest girl in our high school, the desire of every guy, a super sexy blonde with a slim body, cute little ass and small breasts. Her blonde hair flowed down her back, which gave her a stunning look. Everytimy looking at her in class I needed to relieve my hard cock. I don’t know how many times I jerked off, thinking about my dick going in her gorgeous pussy or my cum landing onto her cute face. She was a blonde babe who fucks guys and throws them away for sport. And finally that day came, she asked me to study with her on Saturday evening for a chemistry test coming up the next week! When I arrived, I found her tanning on the balcony and she wore the sexiest panties that made her butt look absolutely amazing. I couldn’t help but coming close to her and fondling her body. She was in the mood to fuck, I could see it in the way she responded to that. I couldn’t believe I was going to fuck the the sexiest girl in the high school or even the sexiest girl in our entire town! The second I saw that butt was the second in which I got the biggest hard-on. The sexy babe pulls me back inside and we sat on the couch. I started grabbing her firm butt with such a pleasure with those panties that just begged to be taken off. She is the most exquisite blonde with beautiful long hair, juicy butt, and the smoothest firm beasts. I started kissing her titties as she started to moan and tease me by breathing her soft breath in my ear. She got away from me, turned around and started doing a striptease. I was horny as hell while watching her take her bra and her panties off that it made me go crazy for her stunning body. She faced me once again, and looking me in the eyes, pulled down her thongs, exposing her naked ass to me! I was now looking at her lovely pussy, it was cleanly shaven. She touched her tight slit, it was amazing! Her nipples were hard. My cock was beginning to stir in my pants. Her small breasts, tight against my chest, her sharp nipples scratching me. The beautiful naked girl got on her knees and started sucking my dick and licking it from each side. Her mouth slided up and down on my cock. I put her on the couch and started kissing her pussy and enjoyed her pussy juicy and how it tasted. She made the most beautiful sounds as my tongue drilled the inside of her pussy with the biggest pleasure. I wore my glasses and had a great view of that stunning little red thing and her beautiful face. It was time for me to come inside it, so I started very slowly to push my cock into her flawless pussy. She just loved it and spread her legs really wide while I plowed her little cunt with my cock. The hot blonde babe was lying naked on top of me, moving her slim body up and down mine, she stared to ride me with that cute little butt facing me. She starts screaming while my huge cock penetrates her more and more. My dick can’t even fit into that little snatch, but she’s doing her best to get it in there. The skinny naked girl bent over and demanded me to pound her hard in a doggy style, so I grabbed her little ass and started to penetrated her hard. She gets up against the wall and I fucked her a bit more before she got down to have me cum all over her face! I thought I would never stop cumming all over her beautiful face. 