I just love taking sexy showers with my GF, and today I walked into our bathroom and found her there all sexy and shiny. There’s nothing that gives me a harder erection than seeing this beauty and her bare sexy body. Don’t know how long we’ll stay together so I make sure each time to fuck her as if it’s the last time. She also loves each time out shower ends with the best possible fuck. I took my clothes off and decided to join her in the shower. She thought that I just want to take a shower but became clear about my intentions when she saw my hard-on. I came close to her and started rubbing her pussy with my fingers and she starts to smile and enjoy it. She’s so cute and sexy at the same time that I just can’t wait to have my prick inside her little pussy. I took shower gel and started rubbing her amazing body which then became all soppy and wet. My hands were soaping her bubble ass and playing with her wet pussy between her cheeks. Anytime my fingertips brushed over her anus and clit she pushed her perfect ass back. Our sex in the shower usually takes longer, but today she got so horny that she took my hand and took me to her bedroom to get this party going. I followed her to her bedroom, and my naked girlfriend laid on the bed, spread her legs and wanted me to begin fucking her right away. Her pussy was already wet and ready to have a hard dick deep inside her. I positioned my prick on that cunt and started to inspect her slowly, with picking the speed up. She started moaning beautifully as she felt my cock go inside. I slid down feeling that wonderful friction of her vagina walls. The beautiful young naked girl then spread her legs really wide while laying on her white bed and made the most amazing sounds I ever heard that got me unbelievably horny and wanting more. She suddenly felt the urge to stuff her mouth with my dick, so she gets down and starts pushing it really deep down her throat. She’s so beautiful and sexy while doing it that I was doing my very best not to come too early. The way her tongue slides up and down my glans always made me go crazy. My dick became harder and wetter and ready to go inside her with such an ease! Her beautiful hair fell over her shoulders and she started gagging on that rod hard, knowing that it’s time to do something about her burning snatch. My hot girlfriend wanted to take over, so she pulls me on the bed, lays me down and started riding me with her warm cunt while I just laid there, enjoying it more than anything! My babe started making the faces of pure happiness while sliding up and down and she holds my hands to support herself and ride easier. This little slut can’t help but make the sexiest sound, which motivated me to starts pounding her from below and make it easy on her. Her nice little tits bounced around and she would use one of her hands from time to time to help herself lick those beautiful tits. I wanted to see her astonishing ass on my dick so bad that I told her to turn around and ride me that way. She turns around and starts jumping on my schlong like she’s crazy! She put both of her hands on her butt cheeks and started spreading them hard so that her pussy could slide my cock with ease. Her sublime butt looks so great while she begs me to fuck her in a missionary position one more time. I let her ride me a bit more until I decided to make her wish come true. I grabbed her, thrown her on the bed, spread her nice legs and started pounding her pussy that got all red from all that riding. My horny girlfriend was getting close to orgasm really fast and begged me to fuck her faster and stronger! I started pounding her as hard as I could and I saw that I’m not going to last for much longer. Fortunately, she stopped breathing for a couple of seconds and felt the best orgasm ever! I was finally ready, got on my knees and shot my load on her cute little face! 