My stepsis is a freak. One day I was spying on her to see what kind of freaky stuff is she going to do now since I realized that she loves taking nude pics and then send those pics to social media. Since everyone knows about this, I had to investigate the situation. There she was, all sexy as fuck, sitting on the sofa, strangling her cunt as she made a camel toe with her panties. The camera was there and she was taking pics of her dripping wet and probably warm pussy. Man, I got hard watching her. So, I had to see what was she up to as she went to the shower. There she was, naked, with her nipples popping out and her pussy bulging as if the blood has flowed all the way to her groin and she was rubbing her cunt with her fingers. It was more of a palming session since she was at it like a sex fiend. My step sister has a strip on her pussy. I like trimmed down cunts. Her boobs were perky and her pussy was rubbed down by her. She spread her legs and masturbated that pleasure hole of her’s. Then, she saw me being a pervy peeping Tom. I ran. The next day, she was doing her sex education homework. She had a test. I wanted to show her my dick, to help her out and then I whipped it out. My sister was grossed out and then, she touched it. She said it was nice. Unable to control her horny desire my slutty sister opened her mouth and took my dick. Ten seconds later she was blowing the crap out of my cock and I enjoyed all of her sounds, her strokes and the way she blew me. I doubt that she’ll fail her test tomorrow since she passed mine today. Those gargling sounds that she made, made me hard as fuck. Even her glances at me got me so damn aroused I had to cum. Well, I came into her mouth. Sorry, step-sis, but not sorry! The next day, she was watching porn and wanted to learn new moves so she suggested that we fuck. I obliged and there it was, her juicy round ass on my dick, riding it up and down. That pussy was too damn ribbed on my dick. I loved the softness of her pussy combined with the firmness of it all and her kinkiness. That was probably enough for me to cum inside of her then and there but I managed to hold out. That ass of her’s was too damn delicious so I took my time and paced her. The soft behind of her’s was bouncing against my legs and I fucked her with speed and rhythm. Her asshole was wide open. It was before me and I wanted to go inside of that hole too. My naked sister was on her back and I could stare into her eyes, her small boobies that were firm and succulent. I fucked her deep with passion and desire.   My step-sis was moaning like crazy. That got me harder and more aroused. I rubbed her clit and my dick went even deeper into her cunt. I was feeling every part of her pussy on my dick. I wanted to go faster and deeper since I wanted to cum inside of her. The slut was thrusting her pussy against my cock as if she was possessed and as if she didn’t have any control of her loins. That got me all crazy. That’s when I decided to flip her over, stick it in her and do her sideways but not giving a fuck if she enjoys it or not. I wanted to make my cock explode and I was a man on a mission. Back and forth and then some more, I felt the urge rise up in me as the cum was getting ready to pop and fill up her snatch. She was cooked, I knew she came already on my dick but she didn’t say anything and she wanted me still to fuck her. Well, I thought to myself that I taught her a lesson and I pulled my dick out and sprayed her pussy with my semen. She got a B in her exam.