Sometimes, a man’s gotta do what a man’s gotta do. In this case, this means potentially cheating on your wife when a much better opportunity presents itself. And by better opportunity, I mean the foxiest fucking babe that you can possibly imagine just coming up to you and undressing herself completely. There was a risk factor, sure. My wife was in the joint and if she caught me doing this I would be in a lot of trouble. But I said what the heck, you only live once anyway. I mean this brunette was practically begging to be fucked hard. I simply couldn’t resist those beautiful perky tits, they were huge. Not only the big tits, her ass was just amazing too, a real bubble butt. She took all of her clothes off right in front of me and I pulled my dick out. The slut got on her knees while I was sitting down and she started sucking on my dick like a really bad bitch. The naked girl sucked on it like a pro and I could tell that it wasn’t her first time doing it. Just as she was in the middle of the blowjob, in comes my nerdy ass wife with her stupid glasses and I almost thought that fun time was over and that she’ll beat my ass or something. To my surprise, she took it really well and then something shocking ensued. My blonde wife actually decided to join it! I couldn’t feel happier in this moment and I gladly accepted her. This was about to be my very first threesome and what a threesome it is. I know I talked shit about my wife, but she really is sexy as fuck. There’s a reason I married her. The two naked girls came in between my legs and started sucking on my cock. The sluts sucked interchangeably and they both deepthroated my cock while the other one would suck on my huge ballsack. I enjoyed every second of it but now it was time to get my end wet. I spread the brunette’s legs on the couch and started fucking her hard. I fucked her as my wife watched. Then, she got over her head and the babe was licking my wife’s pussy right in front of me. After that, it was my wife’s turn so I fucked her, pounding her pussy so hard like never before. Both pussies were dripping wet. The girls just couldn’t get enough of my dick, riding it and sucking it together. The naked girls took turns playing with my huge cock some more before I came hard on both of their faces. 