Her glistening boobs were getting more and more sensitive to the touch as this bombshell of a masseuse told her client that he can press the button on the remote and that is going to be a signal to her to press harder or to ease off a bit. Well, what he doesn’t know is that the blonde temptress placed a remote controled vibrator in her pussy. The hot blonde mounted his back and started to massage him as the oil poured down her boobs all the way to her pussy and onto his back. The dude pressed the button and made the masseuse go nuts with desire. Once he rolled over, he saw her braless and he was stunned. The naked girl sat on his face and made him eat her pussy out and so he did. She was panting slowly, you can hear her breaths but then, the hot babe stood up, bent over and started sucking on his dick. Jerking it as well as sucking it while her pussy was open for work. Her blow job, while standing over the male is fantastic. She then took a knee and gave him her twat to eat out. This sixty-nine sure was a massage his cock needed. Then, the masseuse got fucked in a reverse cowgirl position and she was out of her mind at that point. The cock did her so good that she almost erupted with a massive squirt. You can see a quivering orgasm as her legs are shaking. Her spasming cunt made him cum immediately, thrusting load into her pussy, feeling it running from her, oozing out of her cunt. Scenes where they guy cums and keeps going for a second are hot AF! The clitoris was rubbed up and down with his hot throbbing cock covered with cum and she was getting ready to orgasm all over his dick again. The dude thusted his dick into her cunt and kept on fucking her hard and deep with steady strokes. His dick was smooth and it made the fuck that more pleasing for the both of them. Her ass was too damn tight and her hips were ready to straddle his dick and annihilate his cock with her intense pleasure hole. That cunt was moisty, oozing with pussy juices and his sperm and the feeling was outstanding. She was letting out the moans of pleasure all the way and the dude just kept on fucking. The two of them got lost in the moment as both of them had intense arousal. This babe was a super hot masseuse who all of a sudden started fucking him and he was a stallion who could handle her quim. From all of the stimulation and sex, the dude had to bust a nut. It was just too much for him so he exploded all over her face and he let that sperm slide down her chin. Extraordinary sex massage scene by Nicole, amazing performance. Absolute top girl! 69, Blowjob, Cowgirl, Standing Doggystyle, Face Sitting, Reverse Cowgirl, Side Fuck and Titty Fuck, don’t miss one more amazing porn movie from Brazzers! 