My biggest wish in the world was to fuck my younger step-sister. There’s something so sweet in knowing that something like that is forbidden that it made me want her even more. I came into the bathroom this one day and found her taking a shower. Man, I hoped to see her naked both I couldn’t see a thing throw that shower glass. She told me to get out, so I got out disappointed. I went into her room and waited for her there, hoping once again that she will storm in naked. Her body is all that’s on my mind lately. She comes in wearing a towel and gets surprised by seeing me there. She gets all angry and tells me to get out, which I refused to do. My sexy sister tells me to at least turn around so that she can change. She put on her panties and her sexy shirt and told me to turn back around. My little step sister then asked me what it will take for me to get out and asked if I’d be satisfied with seeing her tits. My heart started racing as she pulled her shirt down to show me those beautiful tits. There’s when the party started. She asked me if I want to suck on them, and I realized that my horny sister wants to do it with me. I immediately agreed, pulled her over and started sucking her beautiful tits. They were so wet and soft that I sucked on those things as a child sucks on a tit. I nibbled her nipples and enjoyed how they taste for a while. I got so horny that I just wanted to lick her little pussy so bad. Her naked body looked amazing with perfect tan lines. I grabbed her hand, turned her around and started licking her snatch and her clean asshole. I got so carried away that I threw her on the bed, spread her legs and started drilling her little pussy with my tongue. I could see that she was getting hornier with each passing minute and my tongue did miracles to her ravishing red shaved pussy. She wanted me to use my fingers, so I started drilling her cunt with two of my fingers. She couldn’t last for much longer and that when she felt the first orgasm. She wanted to feel it again so bad that she laid on her back and begged me to fuck her throat. I stuck my dick in her mouth and started fucking it really hard. My stepsister gagged on my prick while I fingered her pussy from above. She could hardly breathe, so I slowed down a little bit. She enjoyed my rod in her mouth like the sweetest lollipop and wanted for this blowjob never to end. My cock felt like it’s going to explode, so I had to start fucking this little slut. Her ass is so unbelievable that I spent so many nights dreaming about pounding that thing. I decided for doggy style to be the first position in which I will fuck her little ass. I bent her over and stuck my cock inside her pussy slowly.   My naked sister starts moaning beautifully as my prick was now getting inside her warm vagina faster and faster. I grabbed her butt cheeks and occasionally used one of them to spank her stunning ass. I didn’t fuck her in this position for very long until she decided to get on her back, spread her legs and beg me to make set her pussy on fire. My slutty step sister started staring at me with her exquisite eyes which inspired me to pound her harder and harder. She wanted to be in control, so she laid me down and started bouncing on my prick like an insatiable bitch. That’s when she felt the second orgasm and her butt bounced around while sliding on my cock and I just laid there, enjoying it really much. The naked babe got down again and sucked my cock a bit before she decided to do the reverse cowgirl. After that, she turned around and rode me while rubbing her ignited pussy. I couldn’t last any longer and I already satisfied her twice, so I got on my feet and covered her sexy face with my cock!