My friend came over one day with his burning hot girlfriend and I decided to show him the virtual equipment I promised to show him a long time ago. I always had a thing for her girlfriend and I caught her many times looking at me lustfully, but I never intended to make a move. So, my friend puts the goggles on and starts playing this game that really addictive and can be played for days. As he started playing the game, his sexy GF started staring at me and smiling with those beautiful lips and gorgeous eyes. And then, the unimaginable happened. The little slut lifted her shirt up and showed me her tits. I was in shock and constantly warned her that my friend is going to catch her. But she didn’t mind and started teasing me with those cute tits. She turns around, lifts her skirt up and starts squeezing her butt cheeks in front of me. I was dazzled with how great her butt looks and got a big hard-on. She noticed that, pulled my pants down and told me to be quiet as she started licking and sucking my dick. I went out of my mind and felt better than ever in my life! She started doing wonders to my prick and I enjoyed it really much! The horny girl made it so wet since she kept pushing it really deep down her throat. This little bitch doesn’t even care about her boyfriend being there, playing the game. What was positive about this whole thing is that my friend got really carried away with playing the game that he started jumping around the house, completing missions. She laid me down on the floor and continued sucking my erect cock. She’s quite an insatiable little slut and she demanded a dick inside her as soon as possible. The girl got naked and positioned my prick on her pussy and started to ride it while I placed my palm over her mouth. She made all these faces because she could hardly fuck without screaming. The way the skinny naked girl rode my prick was really something else, and I enjoyed each minute of it. She looked so hot while bouncing on my prick with my stupid friend over there who has no clue what’s going on. She turned around and started riding me in reverse. I fucked this little blonde and felt that her pussy is on fire. She bounded that ass on my cock while I held her legs down. The horny young naked girl turns around and looks at me but can’t say anything. So, she signalized me to spank her ass by spanking it one time. I started spanking that thing really hard and she went through a lot of trouble not to scream. She turns around once again and starts riding mi at an incredible speed. Her pussy was now stretched wide as I plowed her really hard. Her blonde hair was waving all around while her stupid boyfriend continued playing the stupid game. Her pussy was getting destroyed just as he destroys his enemies in that game.   The slut wanted me to fuck her on the couch, so I got her up there and started stuffing her pussy in a doggy style. The girl kept from screaming so hard that she grabbed my arm and started squeezing it so hard that it hurts a little bit. After a while, she felt an incredible orgasm but still wanted me to continue fucking her little pussy hard. I kept going but felt that I could last in just one more position. The girls turned around, laid on her back and wanted me to finish her! I started fucking her for the last time and was in a hurry to come on her face and get it over with because I was afraid that my friend could pause the game and see what we’re doing. She stared at me with the sexiest stare and provoked me into pounding her harder than I even pounded a girl. I gave that little bitch a fuck she will remember and after a while, I finally felt that I was ready, so I got to my feet and covered her cute little slutty face with my juicy cum!