The best time of the year at the Bunny mansion is Easter. I put a little event together in order to reward my hard-working bunny sluts. I put some eggs around the garden and watched the girls crawl around collecting them in their sexy bunny suits. The fishnets suited them really well and I really wanted to get down to business with them. I had one ebony babe, one pale chick, and one just in the middle. I was ready to fuck all of them and that’s exactly what I’ll do. Before that though, the bitch that collected the most eggs got to suck on my cock first. It just so happened to be the lovely ebony babe and she started blowing me like a pro. The other two girls joined in soon enough and I was getting sucked off by three bunny sluts at the same time. I couldn’t believe my luck and I just wanted the three girls to keep on sucking forever. I knew that that wasn’t possible because I would have to put some work in and I wanted to fuck them anyway. So eventually I got the middle of the road tan bitch with the pink corset and I started fucking her on the bed. I spread her legs wide and boned her to the end. After her it was the ebony bitch’s turn and she got on the bed and I started pounding her pussy from the same position. I spread her legs and she started playing with her clit. She got her tits out and the other two naked babes started licking her tits. Soon enough the pink corset girl didn’t have enough so she started riding me hard as her two bunny friends licked her nice perky boobs. I started fucking her from below and her pupils went to the back of her head from the amount of pleasure she as receiving. She couldn’t contain the fact that she was so excited and turned on and even her bunny ears ended up falling off completely. Finally, it was the pale chick’s turn and she started riding me fast while wearing her black fishnet stockings. The other two naked girls were there to help her out and the ebony babe even stroked her clit. I then fucked all of them in doggy style as well. All the girls were given a chance to fuck and suck my cock and in the end, I gave them a treat. I came inside all of their mouths and the girls swallowed all of that cum down their throats. Happy Easter! 