This one day, I went looking for a hooker to fuck, and found this teen girl over by the school, saying that she’ll do it for 150 dollars. What separates this chick from hookers is that she’s way much hooter. In fact, she quite a little sex bomb. I got direct and pulled my dick out to which she started smiling in this shy way, but after a while, this little bitch became the naughtiest little slut ever. She told me to get behind the school, asked me to give her the money in advance which I did, and finally, the action began. The hot teenage girl got down on her knees and started sucking my big erect cock and shoving it really deep down her throat. She was so cute with those amazing eyes and I enjoyed every second of that blowjob. She started to do it for the money, but now this little slut enjoys it more than anything. I just couldn’t wait to bang her amazing ass which she teased me with more than once. The teen kept saying that that blowjob is making her super wet, and I just couldn’t last any longer and just had to fuck this little bitch. I have to say a have a huge pecker which I started jamming up her pussy in the hardest doggy style action. The bitch started screaming and liking it really much. My cock couldn’t even fit into her little cunt, but I kept on banging her while fingering her asshole with my finger. The young girl went crazy for my cock that she wanted to take the control and jump on my prick while rubbing her amazing little pussy. Nothing could stop her from sliding up and down on my prick at a great speed. That felt so amazing that I let her ride as long as she wants. The teen slut put my wet cock in her mouth once again and started to gag on I while I caressed her beautiful blonde hair. She turned around and started riding me with her amazing ass staring at me. I enjoyed watching the young naked girl so much while she rode my dick like a cowgirl. The sounds she made drove me crazy and wanting more. The teen rode me a bit longer until I felt the urge to spread her legs and fuck her a bit more before I spread my cum all over that beautiful body. Teens fuck the best! 