My stepmom has the biggest tits I’ve ever seen. At the same time, I know that I’ll never get to do anything with them because that would be just wrong. However, dad isn’t home and I was just walking around the house when I saw her doing chores while half naked. She looked sexy as fuck and I couldn’t help but stare at her ass. I couldn’t just let myself be seen staring at her so I scolded her and told her to put some clothes on. The super sexy MILF said that she had thought that I was out of the house but I know damn well that she knew I was in. I think that she wanted me to see her like this because she heard that I have a huge cock. If that’s the case then I’ll be one very happy stepson today. She got me in her bedroom and told me that it’s no big deal that I saw her like that because I saw her in a bikini before. I told her that it’s not the same and that’s when she started seducing me. Knowing myself, there was no way I could say no so I agreed to do whatever she said. The beautiful mature blonde pulled out her big tits and I played with them. I couldn’t help but enjoy myself and things only picked up from there. Soon enough she was on her knees and was sucking on my big fat cock. She was obviously cock thirsty since my dad was on a business trip. She sucked on my cock like a little slut and that turned me on so much that I had to fuck her. I got underneath her and the naked woman climbed on top of me, pushed her cunt into my face and started riding me, rubbing her wet pussy lips and her clit against mt mouth. I never knew that my stepmom’s pussy could feel this good. She rode me like a really bad slut and we switched positions every now and then to reverse cowgirl as well. She was so good at riding that I thought I could cum just by her doing that. I didn’t want it to end there so I bent my naked step mom over and started savagely pounding her from behind in doggy style. The bitch loved it, I could tell that she was getting a lot of pleasure out of it because of the moans. In the end I pulled it out and came all over her face and she licked it. 