My horny stepsister is feeling really kinky today and she came into my room wearing a skimpy and slutty little dress. I couldn’t help but stare at her gorgeous body. At the same time, I felt really wrong for staring, she is my stepsister after all. She didn’t care though, and she started undressing right there in front of me. She took her bottom strap off and I got to see her amazing pussy. My slutty sister has an amazing tight pussy, and I really want to get inside it. Without thinking twice, she went up to my crotch area with her mouth and pulled out my morning wood. She started sucking on it hard and licking it and I couldn’t help but think about how wrong this was. I realized that she wanted to lube my dick up for her pussy! This was then the real fun began and my naked sister climbed on top of me and slid my cock inside her soft and tight pussy. I loved going inside her and I didn’t even feel like she was my stepsister. I loved fucking her so I let her ride me faster with every bounce of her pussy on my cock. After a while she pulled out her big tits and I watched them decorated with little star stickers on top. Her colorful outfit made her look so young and I simply adored that. She then got into the reverse cowgirl position and started riding me like that for a while. I couldn’t help myself but enjoy that so much. I really hoped that nobody would walk in on us while she was doing this. The slut went in so hard and I couldn’t believe the skill on this slut. She could ride like a pro and I felt my dick getting harder and harder as she rode me. Eventually she pulled in out and sucked on it some more before bending over and letting me do all the heavy lifting. I started banging her from behind really hard and I could stop myself from going harder with every thrust. The feeling was magical, so magical in fact that I nutted inside her in less than two minutes. I wanted this bitch to feel every inch of my dick inside of her and eventually it got so good that I simply came inside and creampied her tight pussy. 