It’s not every day that you get to see your hot stepsister completely nude. I got lucky and saw her dressing up and trying out her outfit for a St. Patrick Day party and I couldn’t help but keep watching. She is just a goddess when it comes to her body, and her playfulness is so alluring. The tattoos on her gorgeous body are just amazing and I couldn’t help but stare at her for a long period of time. I completely forgot about the danger of potentially being found out and so my naked sister eventually turned towards me and saw me watching her. She got really angry and pulled me into the room. Her bedroom smelled like her and I really enjoyed being there with her. Of course, I knew that I couldn’t ask for anything more than that and I had to see what she wanted to do with me while I was here. She started scolding me as expected and I had to find out a way to get through this mess. I tried to deny being there but that obviously doesn’t work. After that I tried complimenting her and she seems to have taken that really well. A little too well in fact, and she started to get horny. I couldn’t believe it but I knew that I had to use this situation to the fullest so I told her that I saw everything and she just couldn’t help but blush. I knew that she was a slut, but I never knew that I could potentially score something with her. After all, I’m her stepbrother so that would be really wrong. Then again, what’s wrong with being kinky every now and then. My slutty sister started taking off her clothes and I was in awe. I wanted to see how far she would be willing to go with me because I was ready to go all the way at the very first moment that I saw her gorgeous body. I waited for her to undress and looked towards what she wanted to do next. My sister was naked except her green striped stockings, she sat on my mouth with her pussy and I got to taste her juicy vagina. She was already a bit wet because of the compliments I made towards her sexy body earlier but now it was showing up in full force. I licked her pussy like crazy and I enjoyed every moment of it. She was enjoying it too and she was getting more and more excited every second of me doing it to her. After a while of me licking and sucking on her pussy, it was time for her to return the favor. I pulled out my cock and told her to suck on it. At this point she was so horny that even if I didn’t ask this of her she would probably do it anyway. The sexy babe was so horny that she went down on me and started sucking immediately. My naked sister gobbled up my cock and started licking and tasting it with every single movement of her mouth. She also started deepthroating me at one point and that turned me on so much that I simply had to fuck her. She knew that she wasn’t getting out of this situation without me fucking her so I decided to spring into action. And when I say spring I mean literally that. She got on top of me and started bouncing on my cock like a spring. She started riding me like a bad bitch and I couldn’t stop her even if I wanted to.   The hot girl was so hellbent on pleasing me that absolutely nothing could stop her. She rode me like a dirty little cowgirl and I was enjoying it with every single bounce. My sexy sister began to cum like crazy having constant convulsing orgasms! I couldn’t hold my excitement and I started fucking her from below like the whore that she is and she absolutely loved it. I fucked her hardcore and rubbed her swollen clit and she began to squirt! It was a squirting orgasm! I couldn’t belive! Just imagine what will happen when your throbbing cock meets her dripping pussy! She will drown you in her fluids. Her whole body shaking and her pussy convulsing, squeezing my dick as each orgasm spasm passed through her body. We switched the position over to reverse cowgirl and I savagely pounded her from below as well, making her cum again and again. She enjoyed my pounding and eventually she spread her legs for me while she was lying on her bed and I fucked her so hard that she screamed “yeah, yeah, fuck me, fuck me harder, fuck me!” having constant orgasms! My sister went crazy on my cock as she came and squirted multiple times. She made me squirt too, shooting my hot sticky cum all over her face, including her mouth.