If there’s one thing that students hate then it’s tests. These two didn’t study at all and their teacher is really hellbent on getting them to earn their grade. The two students are male and female so it should be no surprise that they would be up to no good if she left them alone. Despite knowing this, she leaves them alone for just a minute and the teens immediately start talking dirty to each other. The sexy brunette student thought of a perfect solution, the guy will lick her pussy and she’ll let him copy her answers. The sexy teen girl sits on the table and slides her panties to the side when the guy starts licking her already wet pussy. It looks like she was ready to do this long before they started. She kept getting oral but eventually the guy took a step back and told her that she should do something for him as well. She knows exactly what she has to do so she gets on her knees in front of him between his legs and pulls out his cock. The girl is simply stunned by his massive dick and can’t wait to get it in her mouth. She starts sucking on it like a total slut and the guy lays back and enjoys every moment of it. The teens completely forget that they’re in a classroom and that the teacher will be back at any moment. The test is not even in the picture anymore as they don’t care about what grade they get at this point. They are so passionately and sexually invested in their oral pleasuring session that they don’t have time to think about silly tests. At that moment the teacher returns and catches them red handed in the act. You would think that she would object to this and probably call security, but this slutty teacher chooses a different route. The MILF feels like she needs some cock and she wants to join this to make it a hot classroom threesome. She pulls out her big tits and shows off her sexy panties sitting on her teacher’s desk. Those stockings, her hair, her face, her body…she is a goddess! She is amazing, especially with stockings/glasses. Then the sexy blonde babe gets down on her knees and now both the brunette student and blonde professor are sucking on his cock and balls! The more the sexy babe sucks, the more she wants to suck, pleasing and subbing and sucking and gobbling this hard young cock. After the girls lube him up nicely, he stands up and gets ready to penetrate the girls from different positions. First, he bends the teacher over and begins to lick her pussy and ass, spreading her ass cheeks with both hands when his girlfriend sucks on her big boobs! He takes his dick and pushes it in the teacher’s cunt, and starts fucking her as she leans against the desk. The teen girl gets on top of her so that her face is at the professor’s ass. The dude then slides his cock between the teacher’s round and perky butt cheeks and straight into the brunette’s slutty mouth. The teen slut sucks on the cock as it passes between the teacher’s hot ass crack. She loves to sensation and the teacher can feel the dick rubbing against her which makes her horny and she can’t wait until that cock penetrates her whorish pussy.   After the brunette is done with sucking his cock, he inserts it into his teacher’s vagina and starts pounding her from behind while the other student watches. The young naked girl watches with amazement as he fucks the MILF teacher harder and harder with every thrust. She loves seeing her teacher get penetrated. She gets in front of the teacher and she licks the student’s pussy while still getting boned from behind. After that the guy lies down on the table and his sexy brunette friend starts riding him in cowgirl while the teacher sits on his face and he eats out her pussy. The hot teen girl is bouncing on his cock when the naked blonde rubs her cunt against his face. The teacher wants his young cock some more and he fucks her while leaning her against the chalk board while his brunette friend licks his ball sack. He ends up cumming into the teacher and the teen slut begins to eat the cum out of the teacher’s cunt. Best finish ever. Riley eating cum off of Nicole’s pussy is priceless. They both really seem to enjoy it. Finally the naked girls happily lick the cum off each other and swallow it all. This is my new fav scene 100%!