I know having the hots for your neighbor’s girlfriend isn’t the most noble or moral thing in the world but I just can’t help myself. The bitch is insanely hot and I can’t keep my thoughts off of her beautiful young body and sexy physique. Skinny girls are so sexy! She has the most amazing blonde hair and I just wish that I could have some fun with her. Lucky for me it seems that today I might just get what I’ve always wanted. She came over and wanted to treat me with sweets but I wanted to treat her with my hard dick! I invited her in. I had no idea that she actually wanted the same. Within a few seconds all her clothes had been hurriedly cast onto the floor! The young naked girl began to play with her pussy, spreading her labia for me. She bent over with her naked ass in the air, spreading her ass cheeks for me. She got on her knees and took my dick, opened her mouth and I felt her lips as they gently wrapped around the head of my cock! The cute naked girl started sucking on my fat cock. I can’t lie, I got hard the moment she said that she wants to fuck with me so my dick was already hard cause of that. She sucked on it like a real whore who has been sucking on cocks for decades. She knew how to suck on it and I enjoyed myself every step of the way. Her beautiful young body only made me even hornier and I couldn’t wait to pound her right there in my home. I got her on the barstool chair and put her feet on it as well. She was in the perfect plowing position so I just started going to town. That blowjob she gave me earlier worked wonders as my dick was all lubed up and ready for action. Her pussy spread for me like butter for a knife and I started pounding her ruthlessly. Her pussy soon became very swollen and sensitive. “Kenzie, it appears that your pussy is liking this very much!” It didn’t take long before I put her in a different position so that the young naked girl was riding me reverse cowgirl style. I couldn’t believe how big and swollen her cunt lips were. I couldn’t help but play with her young teen body while she bounced on my cock and I wanted to get the most pleasure out of her as I possibly could. I started boning her from below and the teen started screaming from the pleasure. She lied back down on me as I fucked her like this and soon enough she orgasmed. It wouldn’t take long and eventually I would be jerking my cock off in front of her face and cumming hard. 