These amazing babes are about to show us how amazing lesbian sex can really get as they start a threesome right there in their college dorm. The girls didn’t really plan this at all, in fact they were just going to play a game of fish with their cards and go study afterwards. However, they decided to spice the game up. The one that loses has to take off a piece of their clothing. The girls went to the max with this and they all stripped down completely naked in the end. They didn’t care much at first but as time went on they got hornier and hornier and gave in to their temptations. The first one got some fun when her friends took her panties off and we got to see her amazing pussy. The other two girls were already naked so their nude bodies were already on display for everyone to see. While she was bending over her lesbian friends started licking her asshole and pussy. The girl was getting a pussy licking and rimjob at the same time. She absolutely loved it so she just went with the flow. One of her friends was hard at work beneath her, licking her tight pussy, while the other one was sinking her tongue in her anus. She simply loved both of the sensations. She wanted to eat their pussies too, that would be her first time eating pussy. Three naked girls got in a different position after that where one of them was leaning back on the couch, and one of the young lesbians got on top of her face with her pussy. She started licking it and stroking her clit while the third friend crawled on the floor towards the one sitting on the floor to lick her pussy hard. She took her pussy lips into her mouth, shoved her toung all in her juicy pussy. UMMMM it tastes so good! They did this for quite a while and then, the third one got in the lesbian sandwich. He was lying on the floor pleasuring both of the girls at the same time. She was scissoring with one of them while licking the blonde girl’s pussy and they got really into it. The pussy juices were flowing from their pussies. The blondie was so pleased that she couldn’t help but moan like a complete slut. She orgasmed so many times because of this and to repay her friend she fingered her pussy really hard. In the end all three naked girls orgasmed more time than they thought they could. 