The cute teen girl came for a massage, left with an orgasm! I just love giving massages to teens! These little, inexperienced creatures are such an easy catch, and I can prove it! This one day, I opened the door and there was this stunningly hot , slim teen, with a body to of a Greek goddess! I let her in, told her to make herself comfortable and asked what kind of a massage she wants me to do today! She wanted me to use some special oils and to massage her whole body. I was probably out of line when I suggested that it works best if she’s completely nude. She agreed anyway. The cutie laid on the table, took her clothes off and left her beautiful white stockings on. I started as a professional, and in this line of job, you have to approach the matter in such a way that you don’t get hard. Man, I was trying not to, but the second my hand landed on that smooth body I got the hardest boner of my life. Luckily, her eyes were shut and she went into a state of total bliss. I started rubbing my special oiled all over the body and after I while I felt free to squeeze her tits. I told her to turn around and started massaging her butt cheeks. All the masks fell down, and we both wanted it so bad. I lowered my hand down and started rubbing her little cunt, to which the naked girl responded with the sexiest moaning I ever heard. I wanted my dick inside her mouth, so I got to the top of the table, and she looked at me in such a dirty way that I pulled my dick out and started jamming it really deep down her throat! The cute girl liked it really much and did not stop me, not for a second. I would let her breathe for a couple of seconds and returned to fucking her amazing throat. The naked girl turned around and wanted me to continue fucking her throat. It was much easier this way and I pushed it as deep as I possibly could. The girl moaned so beautifully that I could wait to taste her pussy. I spread her legs and started kissing her pussy and my tongue explored her lovely pussy. I licked her pussy as if it was a lollipop. The girl screamed really loud as my tongue was now drilling her little cunt. I just couldn’t take it anymore and my cock was on fire. It was time to give it to this little girl. Everything was ready for the hardest fucking, so I left her in that position and started pushing my prick up that little pussy! Man, the brunette smiled at me to demonstrate how good I’m fucking this sexy babe. Her cunt was getting all red and she begged me to fuck her even harder. I looked down to see how beautiful her shaved pussy looked stretched around my thick cock. The girl kept holding those sexy legs while my dick slides up and down in her snatch. She used her fingers to additionally stimulate her clitoris. I grabbed her legs and continued fucking her in the same position. My cock felt so good in her tight cunt and I enjoyed watching her smiling at me, as well as staring at me with the most seductive look ever. I grabbed and caressed her foot while she grabbed her butt cheeks.   She wanted to take over the control, so the hot young naked girl got on top of me and started riding my cock with that unbelievable round ass. I squeezed her astonishing butt cheeks as they were bouncing around my hard cock. The girl suddenly turns around and started teasing me with her butt while riding my shaft! But, I don’t give in so easily, so I hanged in there while she picked the speed up. This was definitely the best ride of my life and the sounds she made me super crazy. My cock was seconds from ejaculating and I did my best to fuck her a bit longer. I bent her over and started pounding her ass really hard, and that cute butt stimulated me to spread my cum all over that oiled big round thing. She was so satisfied that she laid there for a while until she left!