I love my brunette nose pierced babe who is constantly on her ukulele. This time she is practicing it at the beach with no panties on. I can see her sexy pussy. She is clean shaved except for a heart shaped patch up top! Then she is in our room playing her small guitar. As she is practicing her instrument there is another instrument that needs to be practiced on. It is my dick that is getting hard over her slamming body that I want to bang. She wants to play her ukulele I want her to play with my penis. She has a sweet ass and a nice set of boobs that I started to grab a bit. My sexy girlfriend responded well and here we are, with her on her knees sucking on my dick. She is blowing on that bastard like a fiend and she is doing a mighty fine job with it. Then, as I had enough of her blowing me, she turned on her back and I slipped my nice long cock deep inside of her coochie. She has a heart shaped trim on her pussy and it looks so damn fine as my dick penetrates her sweet ass pussy. My babe mounted my dick and started rocking back and forth. That pussy was so damn sweet, warm, soft and wet. Her face was the best indicator how much she loved riding that devil. I went in with long strokes so that I feel her in her entirety. Then, I took a brake and let her swerve with her hips all over my dick. I loved that. I just had to see her ass work my dick so I flipped her over and I jammed my pole deep inside that slippery hole. I started rocking and my girl started moaning. We were like a choir that was looking to synchronize, and we managed to do that like we were one. That ass was speaking to me. I loved how tight it was and how my girlfriend used her hips to hit the exact spots in her pussy. I was ravaging that pussy and the feeling on my dick was so slippery, and tender. I felt the entire inside of her cunt and I felt it the most on my head. It was hitting it so good that I wanted to erupt and cum all over her inside. She was already done. I took my cock out, positioned her to face me and I let it spray. My cum hit her pretty face and it dripped all over her wonderful face. Now whose instrument is she going to play more? 