I always had a hard on for my neighbor’s super hot daughter. She is the type of a girl who can steal your focus just with her sheer presence. The teen slut was just that hot. I always had fantasies about what I’d like to do to her but it was unmoral, I liked my neighbor’s friendly vibe and I just didn’t want to think about it, it was just plain wrong. Well, as faith has it, one day, I went into the yard and I had a sight to see. There she was, all spread out, looking too damn hot, just teasing me, pretending that she doesn’t know that I’m there. Man, that slut, I thought, she is all over me and she is not even on me. Now that’s the power of feminine sexuality. This chick was talking to me in so many ways. As she was sunbathing like that, I couldn’t resist the desire to show my huge dick to the teen girl. I have a huge pecker. I knew she was impressed the moment she saw it. My cock was hovering near her face. The little slut ran her tongue along the length of it and I felt a shiver down my spine when her tongue caressed my balls. She gave it a taste, then another one and we had a full blown cock sucking seance. The hot teen moved down and started licking and sucking on my balls. It was hypnotizing as it was adrenalizing. I felt her swirl her tongue on my cock and it felt good as she was sliding her lips up and down my shaft. That was the best thing about that blowjob. Then I realized as she was deep throating me that I was fucking a teen who is my neighbor’s daughter. I didn’t give a fuck. I can always move. Fuck it. We proceeded with the blow but she wanted it in her pussy. I flipped her and her ass was so damn tight, bouncing like waves in the ocean or like jello, the one your mom used to make. It was divine. I slipped my huge cock in her pussy and started pumping. Damn that felt good. Her soft pussy skin on my tender cock felt as amazing as it sounds. That bitch was a true whore. She knew all the right moves and she even caught my tempo as I was drilling her like a neanderthal. Then, I slowed down so that we sync and than, it was something else. Since I like doing weird things during sex and I am a stunningly strong man, I picked the tiny girl up during our sixty nine session, I lifted her legs up above my head and it was as if she was an aeroplane landing on my cock. The naked girl kept her lips on my dick and I must admit, I was impressed. That move was one of my best ones and I figure this would be the time to switch it up and blast her once again with my prized possession, my giant dick. I went in that slippery hole, slamming my dick deeper and deeper. The naked girl moaned and screamed as it felt good to her. Her hips were moving just the right way and I felt that she was trembling with my each stroke. That was the bomb.   We fucked so damn hard that I think that my whole neighborhood heard us. But who gives a fuck, I had to do this. It is now or never, plus I didn’t want to look like whimp before her. Her hole was getting tighter and tighter. She was contracting on my dick and that just sent me in heaven. The tempo of her rocking increased until the slut was almost uncontrolled. I felt that my dick was about to explode so I pulled put and I let her jerk me off with her soft hands and her tongue. She exploded in orgasm and began screaming with my cock in her mouth. As she was jerking me off she gave me a few pumps on the cock and my cock head and that was it. I bust a nut right in her eye. The cum started to drip down her cheeks. It was our little secret.