It’s spring break in Miami and this is the time when everyone wants to have a good time and score, even girls. This time is perfect to throw the party by the pool, and this happy bunch decided to do so. There are some really smoking hot bitches among this bunch and lots of these dudes are hiding their boners in the pool. This one big ass babe has the best ass and tits in the world. The bald dude spread her butt cheeks and found a diamond in her pussy! The bunch started yelling and screaming with the joy of the freedom they all feel. But this one particular dude got a boner so hard that he had to take this blonde slut inside the house and fuck her. They both went in there discretely and immediately jumped on each other. The blonde pulled his shorts down and started sucking his big prick with such a pleasure while releasing the deepest sighs. His big glans filled her mouth and she started gagging on it like a little bitch. She’s such a good-looking goddess that this lucky bastard gets to enjoy it as much as he can. He started shoving that deep really deep down her throat and her spit kept falling from her lips to her tits. He would take his huge prick from time to take and jerking it off while she used her skillful tongue to lick his big balls. It wouldn’t be long until his prick was again very deep in her mouth. Her pussy had one little finger inside her at all times, and her throat was now getting fucked at a great speed. The blonde babe demanded to be fucked right now, so she bent over, he spread her butt cheeks and started fucking and spanking that compelling thing. Her ass looked so amazing while her plowed her with his huge pecker. The girl released the most amazing sounds as that huge dick was making its way very deep inside her. Her juicy pussy was getting stretched hard while she held herself by putting her hands on the wall. She felt each penetration of that dick as if it was a stroke of the pure pleasure that descended from heaven. But, she proved that she’s no angel in the way she rode him afterwards. The naked blonde started jumping on his cock while she rubbed her little pussy. The bitch looked unbelievable with those big tits bouncing all over the place. She kept rolling her eyes and staring at the ceiling while this prick penetrated her at a great speed. She was now screaming as she was being raped and squeezed her stiff nipples in hope that she’ll get some kind of relief! But, she just kept on jumping on that sausage until she finally screamed with her first orgasm. But, nothing could stop her from having another one, so she started riding him even harder and faster. It was then when another party girl came into the room and wanted to join the action. This is not something out of the ordinary at these parties, so the blonde let her ride this dick with her horny asshole while she licked his balls. The brunette wanted a dick all day long, and now she finally has the chance of riding one. She started moaning so beautifully but the bull that kept fucking her ass was far from coming. He wanted the blonde babe once again, so he bent her over on the floor and started pounding her pussy from above very hard. The brunette caressed his penis as he was plowing her and making her extremely satisfied. He grabbed her butt cheeks, lifted her up in the air and started jamming her on his prick. The other girl licked her cunt and his balls from below and enjoyed every second of it. While they were fucking inside, one dude organized a butt show on the pool and had his cock ridden by some slut while he licked the pussy of another one. Pretty soon, the party got so wild that suddenly everyone was fucking everyone else! Naked girls everywhere, lots of fun and lots of orgasms went down that day! 