I can’t lie, I’ve always wanted to bang a black chick. They’re so exotic and their smooth ebony skin just makes my dick go really hard. Unfortunately, I’ve been together with my girlfriend for a very long time and I didn’t want to ruin that by getting it on with a random black chick. I think she found out about my ebony girl fetish because for my birthday she got her friend to help us out a bit. She brought in the sexiest ebony babe that I’ve ever seen and the surprise couldn’t have been better. Before she revealed it though she sucked my dick. My hot girlfriend got me on the bed and started sucking on my cock like a real whore. This was such a turnaround because I previously thought that she was cheating on me in our room because I heard some noises coming from it. It turned out that she just played a loud porn video to trick me. Anyway, she blindfolds me and things start getting really kinky for me. She puts the blindfold on me and I get a really nice sensation from that. What I didn’t know is that she brought her black friend in and that she was the one sucking on my cock now. That girl was sucking so well and I couldn’t really notice the difference at first. However, she started talking while the black girl was sucking and I got suspicious. I took off my blindfold and saw the most amazing ebony babe in the entire world blowing my dick. I was overjoyed and I couldn’t want to get more intimate with this threesome. The girls both sucked me off first, licking my cock at the same time and sharing it like a lollipop. Afterwards the black babe bent over and I got my dick fat inside her while by girlfriend watched. I loved the sight of her black pussy swallowing my hard white cock. After watching me bone this ebony babe for a bit, my girlfriend decided to get in on some of the action and she got in front of her. The black babe started licking her pussy while pleasuring me with doggy style. After that I fucked my girlfriend from below while licking the black girl’s cunt. She sat on my face with her black pussy against my mouth. I was so turned on that fucked my gf’s pussy harder than ever. Her whole body began to shake and suddenly she began to squirt juices from her vagina! I had never seen my girl squirt! Her pussy was completely soaked, throbbing and squirting pussy juice high in the air. My babe had the most amazing orgasm ever. It was awesome. I kept pounding her deep, hard and fast as she convulsed. Soon she squirted one more time, this time in her friend’s open mouth when she sucked my dick! The black girl impaled her cunt on my cock and began riding me like only black girls can. Meanwhile my girlfriend kept having squirting orgasm all over us. “Oh, fuck! This is so good!” I fucked their pussies and in the end, the naked girls sucked my dick together, making me cum all over them.  