My stepsister is incredibly sexy. However, I know I’ll never be allowed to get any of that sweet pussy because of her relation to me. After all, she’s my stepsister and I have to respect that. But one day I found her snooping around my room. She knew I was in the bathroom and took her time to go in and take my phone. I had no idea what my step sister was looking for but apparently, she found my dick pics. When I got back in and saw her I quickly took the phone, but it was too late. She already saw my cock and was threatening to tell my parents. I couldn’t believe she was doing is and asked her what she wants. She told me that she wants sex in return for keeping her mouth shut and I was completely taken aback. My sexy young stepsister blackmailed me to fuck her! I know I had the hots for her, but she’s my stepsister, I could never do that. Or could I? I thought to myself, ah fuck it, might as well do it. To start things off I pulled out my dick and she had fun making me hard with her mouth action. The sexy girl sucked on it like a pro and I loved feeling her piercing against my cock as she was sucking on it. I really hope that our parents don’t come in while she’s doing this though or that will be really bad for the both of us. I couldn’t believe that she was such a whore and I started shoving my cock deep inside her mouth and fucking her throat. I had to give her a hand after all, she doesn’t have to do all the work herself. She was having trouble getting all of my cock inside and she was simply amazed by its size. Once was horny enough I got her on the bed and started fucking her insanely hard. I was enjoying it every step of the way. She got thrust after thrust inside of her tight pussy and I squeezed her small tits as I fucked her.   After fucking her missionary I decided to switch it up a bit. I got the tiny naked girl to ride me like a dirty little cowgirl and I fucked her from below.  before finally cumming inside of her and filling her tight pussy up with cum. Her pussy was wrapped around tightly around my dick, it felt so good! She started riding my dick up and down faster. I realized that I was cumming in my sister but I didn’t want to stop so I just grabbed her ass harder and forced my dick harder into her body. Cunt juice mixed with his cum was squirting out of her as I unloaded in her well-used cunt. I came like I couldn’t stop and my hot cum filled her womb. My naked sister was sitting on my bed with her legs still apart and white and sticky cum was leaking out of her pussy.