I know it’s kind of sick to admit this, but my step mom has some of the most gorgeous titties that I have ever seen. The sexy hot blonde is better than porn stars and I can’t keep my eyes off of her boobs. I can’t believe that my dad got so lucky with her, I swear if I were him I would be fucking her every chance I get. She doesn’t seem useful for much else, the stupid bimbo. Maybe if I tried I could get her to fuck me as well. I sure hope so, because her tits are just amazing, and I don’t know if I will be able to stop myself from grabbing them sometime in the future. I walked in on her the other day while the MILF was working out at our place. My dad was away for a business trip so she was all alone in the house with me and I thought that this was the perfect time for me to strike. I went in and saw that she looked as if she was horny. The beautiful woman was doing the moves in a way sexier fashion than she usually does and I was all over that with thoughts of banging her really hard. Eventually she told me to come closer and so I did. She looked really turned on and I couldn’t help but grab her tits. She did not mind. I played with her big breasts really hard and they were so nice and big. They were the firmest yet softest tits I’ve ever held and I didn’t want to let go. I knew I had to let go though if I wanted more from her so eventually I did. The hot blonde got on her knees and I couldn’t believe what she was doing. She was in front of me on her knees pulling my cock out. I couldn’t believe how much of a slut my stepmom really was. She kissed my dick and licked it a few times before taking all of it inside her mouth. She started sucking on it hard like a total slut. I stood there and enjoyed every moment of it and couldn’t believe how lucky I was. She tucked my dick between her tits and began titty-fucking me. She smiled up at me while she pumped her tits up and down around my shaft. The horny MILF kept on sucking and even deepthroating me and I was wondering how wrong this was but I decided to keep going with it anyway. I mean at least we aren’t fucking right? Well that was about to change as well. She bent over and I knew I had to get it in. I ripped her stockings apart and revealed her sexy pussy. I couldn’t hold back any longer and so I started fucking her hard. She was lying back on the workout bench and I was boning her from, the front. She was really enjoying it. I could tell from all the moaning. I sure hope that the neighbors don’t hear us or else we’ll be busted. After fucking her like that for like almost an hour, I turned her sideways and lifted one of her legs up and started fucking her like that. She seemed to really enjoy that position so I went harder and faster with every thrust and the bitch kept on asking for more.   My slutty step mom couldn’t hold her excitement in and I kept fucking harder and harder. After I was done with her in that position I let her ride me. I got beneath her and she started bouncing on my cock as I spread her legs wide. Her beautiful shaved pussy was glistening from how wet she was and I knew that there was no stopping this fuck session. My hands were still greedily groping her massive, smooth, black breasts. Even if our dad came back we would keep on fucking. I enjoyed the sight of her huge tits bouncing up and down and her pink pussy wrapped around my dick as she was riding me and eventually I turned her around and she was riding me reverse cowgirl style. I loved it and the naked blonde just kept on going faster and faster. Everything has to have an end though. So just when I was about to cum, I got her in front of me and came all over her face, covering it completely. She licked most of it off and I watched her swallow my cum.