I had a party at my step-mom’s house last night and my alarm clock did not wake me up! I woke up and realized that she’s about to come home and find all the mess along with my naked girlfriend sleeping on the couch. I woke her up but she was so horny that she got down, pulled my pants down and started sucking my cock! Damn, those lips felt great on my dick and the biggest part of me wanted it never to end. She kept saying that she doesn’t care about my step-mom and that we should fuck! Just as my girlfriend was positioning my dick below her cunt to ride me, I heard the doorbell ring! I went to open the doors and there she was – my stepmom. She walks in and gets furious about all that mess around the house. And then – definitely the unexpected happened. She came closer to the couch where my GF was laying and started spanking her naked butt to punish her. I was confused at first but then I realized that my slutty step-mom wanted to take an advantage out of this situation. The MILF lifted her body and started licking her snatch and her little butthole. My stepmom grabbed her butt cheeks with her hand with her tongue swirling in her holes. My GF started moaning and making the sexiest sounds that made me crazy! I was very interested to see where all this is going to go. She started spanking her butt very hard while she blew my dick. She deep-throated the shit out of it and gagged like a little slut she is. It was time to fuck my step-mom, a moment I thought will never come. She put my dick in her mouth while my horny girlfriend sucked on my swell balls. The girls licked that prick from a bit longer and everything was ready for me to bang these hotties as hard as I could. All the spit fall on their faces from my cock and my mom kept spanking my gf and constantly saying how she’s the one that’s going to teach her to show some respect. It was time for penetration, so my girlfriend started riding me at a great speed. My dick became so hard and erect and the very thought that my step-mom is next made me super horny and wanting it so bad. My gf showed some great skills in riding that prick and I helped her by pounding her from below. Her wet little pussy stretched to receive my schlong all the way inside. My slutty step mom wore the sexiest glasses and I secretly waited for the moment when my dick is going to be inside her, and that moment competently after. Suddenly, her huge bum is right in from of me and I started fucking that big ass as hard as I could while she kissed my girlfriend passionately. It wasn’t long after that when she turned around, laid down, spread her legs and demanded me to fuck her while she licks the pussy of my sexy gf.   I fucked the beautiful woman for some time until the naked girls both got close to me and started spreading their spit all over my dick. I did my best not to come too early and my biggest wish was to give them a nice, juicy facial. But, it wasn’t time just yet, and after all the blowjobs were done, these sluts wanted more. Their throats were fucked properly and it was time for their pussies to do the same. We all came up with a great position, my girlfriend was laying on top of my naked step-mom which gave me the opportunity to fuck both of them from time to time. The girls became so horny and started rubbing their pussies and squeezing each other’s tits. My hard prick penetrated their cunts really hard and my GF was fingering her snatch, so I decided to finish her off first. I started giving her the hardest doggy style action until she came! I did the same with my step-mom until I felt like covering their beautiful faces with my juicy cum! The girls both licked the cum off of each other’s faces!