This hot blonde teen is feeling downright dirty today so she’s about to pull something off that’s going to make their family get together very awkward. She replaced her stepmom’s panties with a vibrating pair and the father is supposed to come over for dinner tonight. As they start talking at the table, the mom gets sensation after sensation caused by the vibrating panties which causes her to stutter because of the amount of pleasure that she feels from it. I love the way she laughs when she cums, having constant orgasms. The MILF can’t hold a conversation so she orders the father away while she inspects what the hell is going on. Before she can get to the bottom of it, the stepdaughter is already at the bottom of the table in front of her legs and spreading them apart so that she can check the panties out for herself while they’re in action. I love this lesbian scenario… watching a younger woman seduce an “older” one is just splendid. The mom objects but soon enough the daughter is licking the stepmom’s pussy and she is enjoying every bit of it even though she doesn’t admit it at first. She keeps getting licked when the father returns and they start talking again but now it’s even harder to hold a conversation since the daughter is so good with her tongue work that it’s pretty much impossible to resist her. Oh, the almost caught lesbian sex is red hot! The babe continues doing this as the mother gets more and more irritated without knowing what to do so she tells the dad to leave another time and she goes below the table with her daughter. She tries to school her while there but instead the stepdaughter draws her in for a kiss and the girls start making out under the table. Mom and daughter slowly start getting undressed and the moment start getting more and more passionate. Soon enough the girls are both naked under the dinner table and they’re making out and fingering each other. I enjoy the absurdity of the situation, the under the table sex is dynamite. Good pussy close ups and positions. The girls love the sensation of their stepfamily fingering them and it really causes them to get closer and closer to climax. I love these two blondes! The teen girl has many orgasms her horny step mother gives her with tongue, fingers, and pussy. My favorite part is when the mom is forcing Kenna to have a silent orgasm. The girls devour each other’s bodies as they suck each other’s tits, eat each other’s pussies, tongue ass, trib and 69! There is nothing more beautiful than two naked girls scissoring, rubbing their clits against each other. They up things even more by starting to lick each other’s clits and pussies while they’re under the table even after the dad returns and can’t seem to locate them. What these naked girls are doing is insanely risky so it was a very big relief when they didn’t get caught and eventually they both managed to reach orgasms of their lifetimes. Who knew that having sexy fun with your stepmom and her sexy vibrating undies can be that rewarding. 