A hot nerdy babe was being really naughty today so she got disciplined hard by two guys in the school shower. The cutie obviously doesn’t get the credit she deserves. Even though she might be nerdy with her glasses and awkwardness doesn’t mean that they should ignore her or be mean to her like that. She took revenge on the girl Jenifer who thinks she’s the shit, but in reality, she’s just a shitty person. The nerdy babe took vengeance on her by drawing her a mustache on her poster. She got caught though so Jenifer got two of her henchmen to take her to the bathroom and then she started sticking the babe’s head in the toilet bowl to punish her. She got all dirty and wet so she decided to take off all of her clothes and take a shower. Once she took off all of her clothes we got to see her hot and sexy body. Love her nice tits, her cute ass and this young pussy makes me want to fuck everypart of her! As the beautiful young naked girl started showering she heard the two guys coming in. She didn’t know what to do so she just stood there and eventually, the guys caught her while they were naked as well. They immediately thought about fucking her and the shy girl got really uncomfortable. Even though she was not feeling it, they started pressuring the nerdy babe while she was still in the shower and she eventually caved in to the pressure and went down to her knees to try two cocks together for the very first time in her life. The girl started sucking on their cocks and she loved it. She showed them such a good time that the boys were getting even hornier and harder every time she filled her mouth with their cocks. The babe started to jerk them off and suck them off interchangeably and they really got into it. The cutie was getting some mad cock and soon enough she was horny enough as well to get fucked hard. She didn’t want to leave the shower either so the guys started fucking her while she was still in there. First, one of them was fucking her while she was sucking the other guy’s dick and then they switched positions so that the other guy gets some action as well. They decided to continue this even outside of the shower and the young naked girl started riding one guy while sucking off the other. What ensued was an absolute fuck fest where she got fucked in the threesome in a million different positions in the locker room. You wouldn’t even believe some of the kinky positions that the teens managed to employ and our shy and innocent nerd loved every single one of them. She got absolutely destroyed while the guys were pounding on her pussy and eventually she made them get so into it that she got their cum all over her pretty face. She got an amazing facial and then took a picture of herself covered in their sweet cum and sent it to Jenifer to show that she got her revenge. Jenifer just used this to send the picture to her friend and eventually the pic spread around.   The girl was a known slut and next day in chemistry class the teacher asked the nerd guy whose phone the picture was sent from and the nerds had to stay after class for a little extracurricular activity. Little did they know that their MILF teacher really wanted to get some of that slut’s pussy and the guy’s cock. They undressed once all the students left and now we got to find out how slutty the teacher is as well. This woman looks amazing in her red sexy lingerie. The hot teen and the sexy teacher went down on the nerd and started sucking on his cock. After that they had an amazing threesome where the nerdy babe was getting her pussy fucked and licked by her classmate and her teacher, the naked teacher was getting her twat pounded hard by the young guy and her big tits licked by the teen girl. The guy fucked these girls hard rigth in the middle of the classroom and the nerdy babe ended up being very satisfied with how she became a total fucking whore that day in her school. Don’t miss all 5 parts of this amazing school sex adventure!