I was passing by this house one day and by the pool was the hottest girl ever, playing with herself by the pool. I decided to stick around for a bit and hide in the bushes. I actually thought she was one of the Kardashians and her body was just amazing. I watched her as my cock was getting bigger and bigger. The sexy Latina teen was sitting on the edge of the pool while I feasted my eyes on her pussy that she began rubbing with her skillful fingers. Her body is unbelievable and tanned that my cock yearned for it like crazy. As the girl was playing with her little cunt, she lifted her gaze and saw me standing there like a pervert in the bushes. I had to come out and stop her from making a scene. She got close to me and, to my genuine surprise, she started looking at me like she really loves my body. She didn’t get mad, she got horny! The tension fell down additionally when I admitted in all honesty that I just love her body. That’s when I suggested that she show me her tits and I would show her my cock. But, she didn’t wait for that to happen. This sexy seductress came close to me, pulled my shorts down and started licking my shaft. I couldn’t believe that something like this could have happened to me, and I made sure to make most out of it. She showed me how flattered she was when she started gagging on my huge prick. The hot teen girl started sliding up and down and shaking her head in all directions. I could feel my glans deep inside her throat that was getting warmer and warmer, and I just could wait to fuck this hottie. I used my hand and pulled her chin to jam her throat on my dick. She was more than ready to fuck, and her bushy pussy was on fire. We went inside of the house and she put me on the floor to suck me some more. I think she just discovered new ways of cock sucking and should be awarded a medal. One of her hands were fondling my balls as her throat opened wide to receive my dick. It was time. The naked girl got on top of me and decided to take over the control completely. The Latina hottie positioned her dripping wet pussy on my dick and started to bounce up and down at an incredible pace. Her butt cheeks started slapping me and her pussy was so wet. Her tits were so nice and bouncy that I had a lot of trouble not to come too early. Luckily, she turned around and started riding me with her stunning butt cheeks going up and down on my prick. This bitch obviously has tons of experience when it comes to fucking, and she shows it for sure. My prick could hardly even fit into her little pussy but we managed somehow. It was now my time to show her what I got, so I got her on a big wooden table, spread her legs and started pounding her little snatch as hard as I could. Her hand went down and she rubbed her cunt all the way. The sounds that the hot girl made turned me into a raging bull that constantly wanted more. I felt that I was approaching orgasm and that there’s not much time left. So, the time was for me to show her my move. I have a position that chicks go crazy for. She put one of her legs on the table and fucked her from behind with hitting her G-spot!   She went into the deepest state of pleasure when I spread her legs again and jammed my cock inside it for the last time. Her moaning made me so horny that I wanted to shot my come all over that dirty little face. This hottie wants it so bad, I know it. The teen nympho begged me for it, she grabbed my pulsating dick and shoved it in her throat! After just a couple of minutes, I felt ready to ejaculate a big load all over her cute little face! I enjoyed watching each drop of it fall on her face!