Just after the previous girl left, the next student went into the piano teacher’s house for the first time. The innocent girl in schoolgirl uniform didn’t know what to expect but she loved the way the old man looked at her. As they started practicing, the pervy piano teacher started touching the young girl between her legs. She was a bit uncomfortable at first, but as his strong hand spread her legs and he started playing with her pussy over her panties she just couldn’t say no to the temptation. Soon enough she said fuck it, and threw all the piano sheets in the air and decided to let him do whatever he wants with her. Before they get down to the fucking though, she has to suck him off. The cute girl takes a dick in her mouth for the very first time and she enjoys every single moment of it. She sucks his cock hard and deepthroats him like a complete whore as he gets harder and wants her young and tight pussy more and more. Eventually he gets it as he bends her over on the piano seat, pulls down her white panties, kisses her wet pussy and starts fucking her from behind. While he does this, he also gets to make out with her while he fucks her when she gets more upright with her stance. He fucks this girl like that and he also fucks her from behind doggy style when she bends over forward. He destroys her teen pussy before getting her to ride him. He sits on the piano chair and the young naked girl gets on top of him and starts bouncing on his cock. She rides him like a complete and utter slut and she enjoys his cock going in and out of her faster and faster. The only thing she’s got on at this point is her skimpy skirt and he gets her on her knees against the piano and starts fucking her mouth hard. He fucks her mouth so hard that it goes all the way down her throat and she chokes on his cock. She can’t take it but she has to anyway. She almost passes out while he’s choking her with his dick down her throat and afterwards he even fingers her for a job well done. Finally, she plays the piano and practices while riding him sideways and they both get what they wanted from this class when he cums inside her and she leaves back to her house. 