My sexy blonde girlfriend loves being a total slut around me and I really wouldn’t have it any other way. The babe is a total bombshell and very few can resist her impeccable body and physique. She has the perfect figure and I love watching her strip in front of me every day before the leaves the house. My hot GF can’t stay away from my cock and she loves it when I fill her holes really hard. I often get to experience the perfect blowjob from her almost every day and she even likes to ride me on a daily basis. Today she started stripping for me and I decided to film her do it. I was filming her strip down and I got absolutely hard by the time she was completely naked. I got to touch her perfect ass and other parts of her body as I groped her and made her horny as well. My naked girlfriend dropped down to her knees and started sucking me off like the little slut that she is. She sucked my dick so well and I felt like I was in ecstasy when she was doing it. She started deepthroating me and soon enough I felt I was going to cum right in her mouth but she wanted my cock inside of her pussy. She stood up and turned around where I could see her amazing ass as well as her tight pussy. My babe was completely shaved which made everything even better. She slid my cock inside of her pussy and stated riding me reverse cowgirl style. She kept on riding me and I felt her ass bounce against me every time that she thrusted my cock inside of her. Afterwards she turned around and started riding me from the front. She rode my cock like a complete slutty cowgirl and I enjoyed watching her naked body from the front as her tits bounced up and down near my face. I fucked her hard, pushing my hips upward as she was thrusting downward. I felt her vagina contract around my cock. My girlfriend rode me for quite a while and then she had the most electric orgasm of her life. You could really see her body shaking and shivering as she orgasmed all over my cock. Then I bent her over and started fucking her from behind. She put her arms behind her back and I fucked her like this until I came all up inside of her pussy. 