My girlfriend didn’t want to miss out on an opportunity to have an insane fuck session with me after I gave her a nice oily sensation and rubbed her clit and pussy. It all started when she was lying down and sunbathing and I decided to oil up her sexy body. She was still wearing her bikini then but soon enough it was off and I started rubbing her naked pussy while she was bending over for me. I was fingering her lovely pussy and rubbing her clitoris at the same time and she absolutely loved it. She got really horny and I knew that I could get a nice deal out of her today. She loves my big cock and I know that she’s been thinking of fucking me for a very long time now. My hot naked babe took me up to the secluded part of her yard. The nature outside was amazing and my naked girlfriend bent over me while we were lying on the soft outdoor bed. It was an amazing scenario and she started sucking on my cock. She was blowing me like the baddest bitch in the porn industry and it was amazing how well she could do it. I couldn’t believe it that her blowjob skills were this advanced and I was lying there and letting her suck my long prick before she was horny enough that she decided to get her pussy in on the action. She sat on my cock with her pussy, rubbing her wet pussy lips and her clit against my huge cock. We started having some really naughty fun. She slid my cock inside her hot vagina and started bouncing on it. She was riding me so well and I really couldn’t believe how dirty she could really get. My girlfriend had never fucked me this well and I was enjoying every single moment of it. With her pussy bouncing on top of me I was having a lot of fun with her. I took her by her legs and she leaned a bit back and continued to ride me in that position. She then leaned forward and I leaned her back again to help her with her balance. She was using the squatting position to do this so it was enjoyable for both me and her. My babe literally fucked my dick with her cunt, slamming herself hard down onto it. It was amazing! Then the naked girl turned around and started riding me in the reverse cowgirl style. She was sliding my cock in and out as I got an amazing view of her bubble butt. She had a really nice back tattoo as well which featured some Chinese symbols and I enjoyed her taking my cock while looking at her amazing body. My girl had the most amazing physique so it was really great to see her doing this and she seemed to be enjoying herself as well. I started slapping her ass. A few slaps at first, but then I went in all the way and started spanking her hard. After I was done with spanking her I grabbed her ass and start squeezing it hard.   My horny girl was taking it really well and then she got off her knees and in the squatting position to bounce even better on my cock in the reverse cowgirl position. Her amazing bubble butt was just a joy to watch as it was hitting the base of my cock every time that she took my cock inside of her. Finally, it was time to fuck her from behind. This was probably the best part because of the amazing shape of her ass that it takes when she bends over. My naked girl bent over and I shoved it inside and it was finally my turn to dictate the action. I started pounding her hard and she was taking it like a whore. I completely owned her and I destroyed her pussy from behind as hard as I could. I was just about to cum and so I started fucking her from the front as well. Finally, I decided to cum all the way up inside of her and she took my cum inside her like a good little sexy slut that she is.