If there’s something that I really wanted to do it would be to fuck my friend’s mom. Everyone knows what a fucking bombshell she is and I saw her when I went over to his place to pick him up so that we can go hang out. He wasn’t home so his mom invited me in to wait for him until he returns from the gym. While we were talking one of her titties fell out and I really didn’t want to tell her this because I was enjoying the view so much. But because I didn’t want her to think I’m a creep I told her this and she was really embarrassed. I have to say, her tits are some of the most amazing ones I’ve seen in my entire life. The fact that I got to see even one of them was amazing. Anyway, after that was over with she invited me to sit on the living room couch until my friend returned. I was waiting for a bit but I noticed that she went to the bathroom with her bathrobe. This probably meant that she was going to take a bath and there was no chance I was missing out on that. I went in silently and peeped over to the bathtub where she was taking a bath. Her body was so sexy and completely covered in soapy water. The naked woman looked amazing. I had to record her. After recording her for a bit I completely forgot that she could see me at any moment but just as I realized that she turned her head and I dropped my phone in shock. The sexy MILF was a bit taken aback at first but then she invited me over. I couldn’t believe what was happening. My friend’s naked mom took my cock out and started sucking on it right there from the bathtub. Soon enough we were in her bedroom where the beautiful naked woman was blowing me and giving me a tit job at the same time. I was feeling so goo and then came the best part. I actually got to fuck her. I got below her and started pounding her pussy from below so hard. The sexy naked blonde was taking my dick like a whore and I was in heaven. I pounded her cunt so hard that her whole body began to shake and the woman began to squirt her juices all over the bed. When I saw her squirt I began to lick her squirting cunt! Finally, I got to fuck her from behind and she took my dick so hard from that position and I eventually came inside of her filling my friend’s mom up completely. 