Finally some Asians! This Big boob beautiful asian girl can’t stand being a virgin much longer. Especially since her mom’s new boyfriend has moved into the house. You have to be pretty blind to not notice how hot this Asian babe is and he decides to assist her in her quest to lose her virginity once and for all. She seduces him and places her hand on his thigh then on his crotch area and he ends up undoing his belt and pants. He pulls down his pants and lets her take the wheel. This was to be her first blowjob and she was really excited about that. Still, she couldn’t believe how huge his cock was and she was more than eager to see just how much she could take in her mouth. She started sucking on it from the very beginning. She took a lot of it in, but it was too big for her tiny mouth to take all at once. She went half-way in and started sucking on his dick really hard. He let her suck some more before giving her his balls to lick and suck on. Pretty good for a virgin! The Asian slut started sucking on his balls and even took all of it inside her mouth. She took the entire package in and she couldn’t have been feeling more pleasure than what she was feeling at that point in time. The guy was getting really hard and horny so he decided that it was time to fuck her and finally take her virginity. He got her up and pulled her tits out so that he can play with them. He started playing with her tits and groping her as she put her hand behind her back and started giving him a handjob with both hands. He really enjoyed that and so he let her do it for a while before throwing her on the bed and getting ready to fuck her. The sexy asian girl went flying on the bed, stomach first, and then he pulled down her skirt. She is simply AWESOME. Perfect body, and perfect tits. This was about to be her first and hardest fuck session of her entire life. He slammed his huge cock inside her Asian pussy and started destroying it hard and fast. You’ve never seen a guy go this hard on any pussy before as he was slamming inside thrust after thrust and she couldn’t believe what was happening to her. We can see a mix of pleasure and pain on her face as it’s her first time and her pussy is being spread like it’s the millionth time she’s taken it in. After he was done fucking her for now, he slammed her on the floor and made her take his dick in her mouth again. Only this time, it wasn’t her dictating the pace, it was him fucking her mouth all the way and she couldn’t do anything about it. The Asian slut took his big cock into her mouth and then down her throat as he started being rougher and rougher with her. He was absolutely destroying her throat and the ex-virgin really enjoyed the sensation. He fucks her big tits well and then got her on top of him. The naked Asian girl started riding him hard and you probably wouldn’t even guess that she was a virgin with how well she was doing it. She was riding him really well and she started bouncing on his cock really hard as he was reaching his climax. She orgasmed long ago and it was his time to cum. He pulled it out and came all over her pussy and himself and then she went down to clean up the mess. This was only the beginning as she put it inside her pussy again and the fuck continued! This sexy slut made him cum all over her pussy! Can’t believe he nutted then was able to keep fuckin. What a hero! Double cumshot scenes are the best!! especially in that reverse cowgirl. He kept destroying her pussy in all possible positions and at the end came again. Two cumshots! What a tiny asian whore, se made him nut twice! 