This schoolgirl just hates school. In fact, she’d rather be doing literally anything else. Today, she’s trying to skip by crashing at her neighbor’s place for the duration of school. She’s wearing her skimpy school uniform and the neighbor can’t help but notice. The horny blonde babe invited the schoolgirl in and so as soon as she came in the girls started flirting with each other, almost as if they expected to have some fun the moment that they saw each other. The girls start making out right there and the neighbor then starts playing with her clit over her panties. The two babes start making out more passionately and soon enough they seem to be getting so into it that they need to lie down to have more fun. The girls take off all their clothes as they strip down completely naked and start fooling around on the couch. The neighbor has a boyfriend though so they’re risking getting caught right now as they’re doing this. Things start getting heated up and they start licking each other’s pussies. Two naked girls licking each other’s pussy in 69, awesome! Just as they’re about to reach climax, in walks the neighbor’s boyfriend and he’s absolutely mad about what he sees happening in his house. He starts arguing with her but she calms him down eventually by offering him a deal. The only way they can redeem themselves is if they both please him in a sexy threesome. The schoolgirl is all up for it because she’s just happy to be out of school. They agree to it and soon enough the beefy bald boyfriend is sitting on the couch with his dick out as two naked girls start sucking on it at the same time. Once they’ve lubed it up quite a bit, the blondes start playing with the idea of potentially riding him hard. He can’t say no to that and so up goes one of them to ride him first while the other one assists as best as she can, sucking his balls. She rides his cock like a real cowgirl and soon enough it’s the other one’s turn to bounce on his huge cock. She does so and then the naked girls change up the position so that he’s the one doing the fucking as the one being fucked also licks the other girl’s pussy. The naked teen does a backbend, swallowing his huge cock and the naked MILF licks her pussy and the same time, this is something incredible! Finally, he cums over both of their faces in a hot facial and they swallow it hungrily. 