This on time, I heard some weird noises coming from the pool, so I went there to have a look. And that’s when the best thing of my life happened to me. My naked step-daughter was playing with her pussy by the pool, working it with all kinds of sex toys, and even recording it with a camera. I just stood there for a while, enjoying the scene when my fucking phone rang and my cover was blown. The teen girl turned around and saw me. She said that I’m a sex addict pervert but in fact she would do anything just so that her mother doesn’t find out, so she suggested something. The little slut suggested that we go into her room and have some fun. We went there and her bedroom and everything was perfect and ready for me to bang this little hottie. She was already naked and it was time for me to get naked too. The teen slut pulled my pants down and started licking my dick which made me go crazy. There was something so sweet about fucking the girl that’s forbidden to fuck. She started blowing my prick with her sweet little mouth and I loved each minute of it. I actually had no idea that this girl is this dirty and the way she sucked me absolutely blew my mind. As much as I tried not to, I just had to jam my cock really deep down her throat. That felt so great that even she loved it. She got into a little trouble in breathing but she took a couple of short pauses and continued gagging on my big dick for so long. Then the young naked girl laid on her white bed and I looked at her incredible tooshie and her cute little butt while my dick was in her mouth. My god she was beautiful and it was the greatest blowjob ever. She then lies down on her back and rises her ass high in the air, exposing all her prettiest places. Her lovely pussy and her tight anus looked truly amazing! I got down and started licking her amazing, burning little pussy with tasted like the most delicious drink in the world. I drank all her pussy juices and that made me into a pussy hungry world. I twisted and turned my tongue into her little cunt and loved how her moaning showed that I was doing a great job. This was the point when I even stopped caring if her mother would find out – it was totally worth it! It was time to bang this young hottie and not a thing about tomorrow. I spread her little teen legs and the way was made for my cock to come inside. I almost forgot how tight these young teenage pussies are. I shoved my dick really deep and she squicked with all the strength my cock went inside with. I didn’t want to warm up and went straight to it. My cock was now entering her pussy at a great speed and she could hardly take it. She kept saying the naughtiest things that always turned me on, it’s like she heard it from her mother, only she sounds even better. The young girl started smiling and showed that she entered the place of absolute pleasure. The teen slut kept saying how she wants my dick so bad and she wants it from behind. I wanted for her wish to come true, so I bent her over and pushed my cock really hard into her tight little pussy. She screamed and loved it at the same time, so I kept on going until she went completely crazy on that she changed the position and started riding my dick like a little bitch. We were both approaching orgasms fast and wanted to make it last as long as possible.   The young naked girl was having amazing orgasms. She couldn’t stop cumming for an hour. She kept begging me for more. Ohhhh!! she screamed and I continued to fuck her harder through her orgasm. She was riding me with her little tits just in front of my face, so I occasionally slapped her amazing butt so hard that it got all red. She knows what she does to me with that ass, so she turned around and started jumping on my rod in the opposite riding position. Nothing could make me hornier than to watch that big round butt sliding on my dick in front of my eyes. Her legs were shaking and her breathing was labored, it was one endless trembling orgasm! She was so excited, so aroused, dripping with it pussy juice. Unable to hold off any longer my cock erupted like a fire hose. My slytty step daughter stuck out her tongue out catching my stream of cum. The young naked girl was smiling and laughing as I continued shooting cum all over her face. I had never seen so much cum from my cock. I spread my cum and rubbed it all over her cute little face with my hard dick and left her in a post-orgasmic daze. I won’t be telling her mom about this for sure!