I was at my friend’s house, and he was upstairs taking a shower. He has the hottest, sexiest girlfriend whom I died to see naked. This one day, as I was playing with my phone camera, she comes into the house all pissed off about something, holding some pink panties in her hand. It turns out she found those in my friend’s car and thought that he’s cheating on her. She went upstairs and I followed her without turning my camera on. The sexy babe in translucent tights stormed into the bathroom accusing him of cheating. This was really exciting and I wanted to see what would happen next. He comes out of the shower and gets confused while this crazy bitch is yelling something in his face. She showed the panties and he had some trouble explaining it to her. As I was constantly filming the whole thing, he somehow managed to persuade her into believing him that he’s not cheating on her. She finally believed him and went down to blow his dick to repay him. The sexy babe starts sucking him and they didn’t even mind me, so I continued getting this hot action with my phone camera. The bitch really gave quite a blowjob show. She got down and started sucking it really hard and getting it really deep down her throat. You can hear her gag on that prick with all the strength she has, making it all wet with her spit. My friend go out of his mind with this hottie blowing him like that, and I imagine that a thought of how lucky he is crosses his mind every time he gets to fuck her. She kept staring at him with her sexy look and he couldn’t take it anymore and had to start fucking her as hard as possible. My friend bent his naked girlfriend over and started fucking her wet little cunt. She started screaming really, really loud as he jammed his cock into her little cunt. After a while, he got down and started fingering her pussy as hard as he could and she started squirting all over the place! Holy fuck! I had never seen a girl having squirting orgasm. The naked babe squirted high in the air like a geyser! He’s really fucking her well, and you can tell from how loud she screams. He kept banging his hottie girlfriend while her stunning tits were bouncing around all over the place. She started looking at the camera and felt excited about being filmed. He lifted the naked girl in the air, spread her legs and started to jam her on his big cock. Her big round tits looked amazing! The crazy slut kept looking at me, telling me how much of a big pervert I am. He decided to continue the action, put a towel on the floor and started fucking her exciting snatch as hard as he could. Every couple of minutes, he would get down and start fingering her cunt as hard as he can. She kept having squirting orgasms. All the liquid would come out of her cunt, making her all very wet and hot. I suddenly started wondering where all that liquid was coming from. My friend obviously loves making his girlfriend squirt and he did it after every couple of minutes. She literally squirting in his face in his mouth and it looked like my friend liked it! His naked girlfriend bent over once again and let him pound her big ass. He started slapping her but and fingering her ass as hard as he can.   It was now his girlfriend’s turn to take over the control. She got on top of him and started jumping on his cock at a great speed. Her big tits were equally flopping up and down, swinging to her sides and beating down. Her boobs were really big. He pulled her down and started licking her pussy a bit until she got back up and rode him until she squirted again. The slut wanted to suck him once again. She gets on her knees and started blowing his cock. He wrapped his legs around her neck and started to choke her as she was getting that dick as deep as possible. The dude spread her legs on the floor once again and started fucking her wet pussy at even greater speed. His hot girlfriend had already come twice and it was his turn to do it. The naked busty babe got on her knees and started sucking him until he felt the biggest urge to cover her cute little face with a big load of cum. I stopped recording them and watched that video over a hundred times.