Tony’s girlfriend invited some of her old friends to bring sleeping bags and crash into their house. She opened the front door and he saw two sexiest blondes coming in. When the time came for all of them to go to sleep, his girlfriend realized they have no more condoms. Tony went into the living room to get some and found two of these stunning hotties licking each other’s pussies. Two naked girls were hidden below the sleeping bag, but one of them had her bare butt sticking out. Tony was already very hard, came close to her, pushed his penis into the cunt and started fucking her in this spontaneous doggy- style. The girl reacted as if she expected this to happen. One of the girls licked another one’s pussy while the boyfriend fucked her ass hard. They both wanted to suck him, so the sluts got to their knees and started stuffing their mouths really deep, each one taking her time. Spit was all over the place as the girls gagged on that prick, which made Tony crazy horny. One blonde would take another one’s head and push it hard on that cock until she starts to choke and can’t take it anymore. They gave him the best blowjob he never had. He put one of the naked girls on the couch and started licking her wet little pussy while she licked the cunt of another one. She wanted Tony’s cock inside her so bad and he decided to make her wish true. His girlfriend probably fell asleep and has no clue of what’s going on in the living room. He started shoving his prick really hard up one of the girl’s pussies and increased his fucking speed gradually. One girl got her pussy right above the other’s head and had her pussy licked with the biggest passion. The girl that was above another one finally had her turn in fucking. The sexy naked blonde bent over and he started pounding that great ass while the other one was just above her, waiting to get some of that cock. The blondes kept screaming and moaning beautifully and loved each penetration that his cock made with their pussies. After a while, one of them started to jump on his cock while he sucked another one’s pussy with much skill. The skinny blonde began to rock her hips back and forth, riding his face, meanwhile her slutty friend rode his dick, squirting all over him from time to time. The naked girls switched positions once again and the time was for him to spread his cum on those gorgeous faces. He went to sleep and his girlfriend suspected nothing. 