I was on an impossible mission to sneak in my gf’s house to get some pussy while her parents were home! Finally I managed to get into the house and my horny girlfriend had no patience, sucking my dick right next to her parents! She sucked my cock behind the couch where her parents were and her little sister was there distracting them. If there’s anything I enjoy more than fucking my girlfriend, it’s thinking about her little sister. I don’t know if that’s fucked up or not but her little sister is just so cute but I really want to get on her dirty side as well. Afterwards, we crawled to her bedroom and her little sister followed along. I thought that my girlfriend would tell her sister to get out at that point but instead she told her how big my cock was. The sisters wanted me to fuck them while their parents were somewhere in the house! First, the girls both started sucking on my dick and I felt like I was in heaven. The sisters were licking over and sucking on my cock in joint forces to give me the best sensation that I have felt in a very long time. My girlfriend was rocking her usual style with her beautiful brown hair, and her little sister was being all cute with her pigtail blonde haircut and it was just an amazing mix to see. The naked girls were sucking my cock like two sluts and then the sisters started to switch between who gets to lick my balls and who has to deepthroat me. First my girlfriend shoved my cock down her throat, and afterwards it was her little sister’s turn to do it as well. My crazy girlfriend grabbed her pigtails and began fucking my dick with her head! The 18 year old teen girl practically swallowed my long cock and started to bob back and forth on it. The little sister told her to sit on my cock. My girlfriend was so horny at that point and she couldn’t resist the temptation so she ended up sliding my cock inside her and she started to ride me. Her sister was completely naked at this point after an amazing strip show where she sensationally took every bit of her clothing off in an effort to allure me into getting really hard for them. Her sister was making her bounce harder on my big dick by pushing her down with every single bob of her body on my cock. She was so good at it that I really wanted to see how she could ride me. Once my girl got off I got her little sister on top of me and my girlfriend seemed to support it and so she started riding me like a little slut. This was really fucked up but I enjoyed every bit of it. Fucking that little bitch was one of the greatest sensations ever and I really liked watching her pigtails bounce in the air and her meaty young pussy swallow my dick as she was riding me hard. After a while the tiny naked girl got off of my cock and it was time to switch positions. The girls double down on my huge cock, deepthroating and pussy fucking like mad!   I started fucking my girl in the doggy positions and she was taking it really well. I was fucking her ruthlessly without a bit of restraint and she was rocking back and forth with every one of my thrusts deep into her cunt. Then it was her sister’s turn and I got her in the missionary position and I started fucking her from the front as I lifted her legs up into the air. The young naked girl was taking it really well even though I was fucking her like a complete savage. Her cute little tits were great to feel pressed against my body and I enjoyed her to the fullest extent. Both naked girls were lying on the bed with their legs apart wating to see whose pussy I would fuck then. I pounded their cunts and I didn’t mind her parents could hear downstairs. The girls just couldn’t get enough of my cock. However it was time for the grand finale where I came over both of their faces and the naked sisters licked it off and swallowed.