A painter always tries to be professional with their nude model. This one simply had to be an exception to the rule as she just couldn’t stop herself but feel compelled to fuck her. The girl was painting this nude model when she got absolutely horny by her. This sexy babe posed with her legs spread, covered only by a sheet, revealing her luscious tits and pussy. She approached her and the two girls started to make out. After that they had some fun with paint and the naked girls started painting all over their bodies with some colors and soon enough they wanted to have even more fun. The painter then bent the nude model over and started licking her pussy, spreading her juicy ass cheeks with both hands. She was tasting every inch of that tight pussy as she was resting against the stair case and the couldn’t get enough of it. The young lesbians started going really crazy with the paint and soon enough their bodies were completely covered in paint. The model started licking the artist’s pussy while it was covered in paint and she got paint all over her mouth while going at it. She licked it without second thought and once the girls felt that they were dirty enough, it was time for a hot lesbian shower to get all of that paint off. Things got even steamier in the shower though and the naked girls started making out in a passionate love session. The lesbians started out with a bit of making out and soon moved on to more extreme love making with pussy licking right there in the shower. The artist went down to her knees and started licking her clit and the babe was so turned out that she was having an orgasm and the painter started fingering her even harder. She was fingering her so hard that she just couldn’t hide her excitement at all. She had so much pleasure and orgasmed several times before giving back with the same amount of pleasure by sucking on the painter’s tits and pussy. She got her lying on the ground in the shower while she was at it and she started penetrating her pussy with her tongue. She was having so much fun with her pussy that she just couldn’t believe that it could be this good. After some more pussy licking the naked girls finally decided to end the shower and continued the action in the bedroom where the sensual lovers try tribbing, 69ing and the teen lesbians both orgasmed a few more time while going down and dirty on each other in the bed. 