This sexy brunette babe has heard all those rumors about the neighborhood plumber’s huge cock and makes a plan to seduce him. She puts on a sexy white crop top with pink gym pants and gives him a call, telling him that she got her hand caught in the kitchen sink and needs his help getting it free. He arrives in a jiffy and lets himself into her house, knowing that she is trapped in the kitchen. He gets behind her, grabbing her arm so he can set her free, but she’s not ready to let go yet, pretending she’s still stuck. This baffles the plumber, he gives it another try and this time the sexy brunette starts to rub her juicy bubble butt back up against his crotch. He tells her to be careful since she’s grinding into his dick. Fuck, this guy definitely sucks at sexual innuendos! Realizing the plumber is getting suspicious, she lets her hand free, pretending his efforts actually worked. Now she wants to thank him, and since all that grinding got his dick all hard and bulging under his pants, she drops to her knees, releasing his huge throbbing erection and popping it in her wet mouth. The sexy babe starts to suck his cock so fast that he doesn’t even have time to say something. The horny slut passes her slick tongue up and down his long dick, making circles around the tip of his cock and tasting the first glistening drops of precum. She gets some spit on the tip and spreads it all over his member with her hands, sucking and stroking his delicious member. It’s as big and that thick as she was told, the rumors were true! Turned on, the plumber pushes her face against his crotch, ramming his cock down her throat, making her choke and gag on it. Thick ropes of saliva drip down the sides of her lips and down her chin. She has to gasp for breath as she gets her mouth fucked by the plumber’s massive tool. She licks his balls, popping them in her mouth and sucking on them as best as she can. He puts her over the kitchen counter, stripping her almost naked except for her bra and spreading her legs wide open. OMG! This sexy babe has one of the most beautiful pussies I’ve ever seen! Her flawless and perfectly shaven pussy is on display for him. She rubs her narrow pussy slit and her thin pussy lips with her fingers and the horny plumber drops to his knees and begins to lap greedily at her lovely pussy, causing the girl to moan loudly. He even teases her asshole with his tongue. He then positions his giant cock at her little pussy and begins sliding into her. He pushes his big fat cock inside her gushing cunt and begins slamming her hard against the kitchen counter in missionary position. His cock is so fucking big she can feel it stretching out her tight pussy. While he fucks her, she passes her hands all over her body and her big boobs, moaning softly and begging him to keep banging her harder and faster. She looses the bra and finds herself wriggling in the kitchen floor, her big tits shaking like Jell-O as the plumber continues pumping her pussy with his big dick. She can’t believe his stamina, her husband would have finished minutes ago but the plumber is still going. He lies flat on his back and the sexy naked babe straddles herself on top of him, squatting over him, impaling her tight cunt with his big cock and riding him in reverse cowgirl position. He can see her juicy bubble butt bouncing up and down on his lap and her pink pussy burger swallowing his meaty pole. This wonderful sexy girl is about to find out what it means to be absolutely destroyed by a huge cock. She slams herself down onto his huge cock, driving the full length of his cock deep into her body. His balls are touching her lips with each thrust and her clit is being moved in and out of its hood as he pumps her cunt.   The beautiful naked girl switches over to classical cowgirl, shoving her big tits against his face and making that perfect ass bounce as she continues riding his throbbing member. He hugs her hips with his strong arms and presses her hot naked body against his own, slamming balls-deep into her little hole. “Harder! Give it to me harder! Fuck me harder! Harder! I want it harder! OHHHHH I’M CUMMMMING!” the naked babe screams, her body tensing, her vagina squeezing his cock with orgasm. Her clitoris grinding against his pubic bone, so hot! The plumber continues fucking her pussy, slamming hard against her sexy ass, making her scream from orgasms. She wants him to spray his hot cum all over her face. The naked girl grabs his spasming dick and opens her mouth wide to catch the cum exploding from his balls. He just can’t stop cumming all over her big beautiful tits and her slutty face!