This cute brunette with glasses is doing the dishes when her sexy blond roommate walks in with a dirty dish in her hands and simply leaves it there, expecting her to wash it. She’s pretty sick and tired of watching her strutting around in her slutty little outfits and not pulling her and of their roommate agreement. All the tension between these two randy roommates is really heating up, and the brunette splashes some water on the blonde. She calls her a bitch and walks off to the living room with a salad, sitting down on the couch to watch some TV. When the brunette snatches the control from her hands, she reaches her breaking point too and both girls get into a catfight. Frustrated with her brunette roommate’s attitude, the blonde asks her what she wants her to do. As it turns out, the brunette just wants to have it her way. The blonde likes that, feeling her roommate lifting her top, pinching her nipples. The girls start making out and the brunette removes the blonde’s top, exposing her beautiful big tits with perky nipples, fully erect by now. There’s nothing like watching two girls kiss and fondle their titties. Both girls strip down to their sexy cotton socks and the brunette spreads her legs wide open so the blonde can dive between them and eat out her gushing cunt. The blonde begins to kiss her sensitive pussy, buried her nose in her pubic hair, into her sweet triangle of pussy hair, and her rommate opens her legs wider to give her access to her sensetive clit. She loves feeling her wet tongue inside her pussy, she holds tightly her hair, pulling and pushing her head up and down her pussy slit. Oh yes Lexi. Oh yes baby. The naked brunette looks down to the woman between her thighs, sucking on her clit and lapping over her cunt, all her pussy nectar. She closes her her eyes and her head rolls from one side to the other, her whole body begins to tremble in an orgasm. Now the hot blonde wants her girlfriend to sit on her face. The brunette lowers her pussy onto her face, rubbing her muff against her mouth. “Ohhhhhhh!” she moans, pressing her body down onto her face, grabbing her head with both hands, cumming right into her mouth! The inner walls of her vagina are pulsating as her tongue fleckes over her clitoris. The hot naked blonde is lapping her slit hungrily, tasting her wonderful juices as they flow into her mouth. Her eyes roll into the back of her head, her body starts to arch, tremble in another orgasm. This babe is so unbelievably sexy with that hair omg! Pushing the blonde back, she straddles herself on top of her, pressing her hot naked body against hers, tribbing and finger fucking her soaking wet cunt while they make out passionately. Their bare pussy lips kiss for the first time! The naked girls scissor each other, humping wildly, their beautiful breasts grazing against each other as they moan and grunt at the top of their lungs. They are thrusting harder and faster now, and their swollen clits are bumping with each in stroke. Their pussy juices are mixing together, it’s so hooot! The lesbians look deep into each other’s eyes as they continue tribbing, with the blonde shoving her fingers in her mouth, licking them good so she can insert them back inside her friend’s wet cunt. The brunette can’t take anymore, she wants this cunt, lick it, suck it, push her face between her ass cheeks and eat her out!   The naked blonde gets down on her hands and knees so she can eat her from behind, licking her snatch and her tender little asshole. The blonde wiggles her ass while getting her pussy rubbed by her friend. Her lesbian lover can’t get enough of her ass crack, sucking her swollen lips into her mouth, rubbing the throbbing nub and tongue fucking her anus like crazy. Then the naked blonde straddles her and continues scissoring, pressing their wet pussies together. The feeling is absolutely incredible! Their wet pussy lips lightly touching and then parting, like two lovers playfully kissing each other and then the naked girls begin to rub their pussies against each other hard and fast. After the hot lesbians give each other some incredible orgasms piece returns to their shared apartment until the next time they have a hot lesbian catfight.