This dude can’t quite shake the pressure of having his new stepmom around. She’s a total stickler for manners, order and cleanliness! He is taking a hot shower and in the meantime, his stepmom is picking up the trail of dirty clothes he left on the floor and when she reaches the bathroom she sees him totally naked, with the hot water running down his hot body while jerking off! She finds herself terribly aroused by the view of her stepson naked in the shower, stroking his big throbbing erection. The woman can’t help herself and starts fondling her tits and pussy under her clothes while spying on him. She is very attractive with this dress, a perfect fucking milf! She tries her best to restrain herself but her sexual nature takes over and she jumps under the shower fully clothes and grabs her stepson’s cock in her gloved hands! He can hardly believe what’s going on as his mom tells him that since she’s always picking up after him it’s time for him to do something for her! The horny woman gets on her knees and begins licking and sucking his meaty pole. She massages his balls with her gloved hands and eats his cock while he reaches under her blouse, groping her big tits. He lifts her dress and spanks her ass, pressing her body against his own and kissing his stepmom’s sultry lips, feeling her wet tongue inside his mouth. He strips her totally naked, raising one of her legs and penetrating her tight cunt from behind her, fucking this hot naked woman in the shower in standing position. They get out of the shower and while she gropes her big tits, he gets on his kness and begins to eat her out. Her beautiful cunt is so hot, he’s licking her clit, sliding his tongue between her pussy lips, give her an amazing cunnilingus and making her come. I really enjoy watching the transformation of Ms. Chase over the course of this scene. At the start she’s dressed as a perfectly respectable and very attractive 30-something, the kind of woman who’d be welcome in ANY church, synagogue or teacher’s lounge throughout the country. Later though, the “perfectly respectable” lady has got her ass in the air, her legs spread wide, and the dude tonguing her anus and cunt. She’s egging him on with dialog like “suck on that clit” and “fuckin’ lick that ass and pussy.” The “church-lady” is actually a drop-dead gorgeous slut, the kind of sex-maven. The naked mom tells him to lie flat on his back on the floor and squats over him, taking his big fat cock in her hands and pushing it inside her pink cunt. Her big tits are bouncing up and down while she’s riding on his cock. The MILF grinds her hot mature body while on top of him and pinning her shoulders to the floor, he rims her tight asshole! He fucks her pussy in a pile driver and she arches her body up, sweat running down her body while her stepson gives her the fuck of her life. There are not limits and borders for mature women. She enjoys his hard dick and at the end he blows his creamy load all over her big tits. 