Every once in a while, there’s that one teen student that simply won’t fallow any rules. I got sick and tired of it. This one day, one of my slutty teen students came inside, chewing gum and popped it every couple of seconds. I got really pissed and told her to quit it. These girls never get “really” punished, so she continued doing it. That was it, I had to do something about it. I come close to her, grabbed her whole body, pulled her over by the table, lifted her school skirts up and started spanking her tooshie really hard with my palms. The girl was very surprised and confused when I started doing it but she loved it at the same time. Her big round butt got me really horny, so horny that I stuck my hand between her legs and started rubbing her cunt over her panties. She started to moan which made my cock very hard, and I had to do something about it. This one time, I found a pink dildo in one of my student’s drawer, so I remembered where it was and started drilling this little bitch’s pussy. Then I moved from her pussy to her tight little asshole and the little slut went crazy for it. That’s when I pulled my pants down and sat on the chair to have her suck my dick. The naked girl was on her knees, she took my dick in her mouth and started blowing me beautifully, stuffing her mouth with my huge pecker and sucking my balls. She gagged on it and went up and down, enjoying it like anything. She used one of her hands to jerk it off and another one to suck my glans which was getting red from all the things she has done to it. I was getting the blowjob of my life and could hardly last for too long. I put the bitch on the teacher’s desk and spread her legs, I could see her young teen pussy dripping with juice and her pink clit throbbing with excitement. I positioned my dick over her wet slit and pressed forward. Her pussy was tight, but I managed to slide my cock deep into her vagina. I started fucking that little pussy really hard. The young naked girl grabbed both of her legs and supported herself as my erect cock was destroying the insides of her little cunt. That’s when I decided to punish her with anal and fuck her tight little asshole, so she started screaming and rubbing her little cunt. She moaned as if she couldn’t catch air and that made me horny as a bull. This could get me fired for life, but I didn’t care and wanted to finish this little bitch as hard as I could at that moment. She went down to suck me some more before I decided to fuck her ass from behind. I slapped her cute little tits while her body was jumping from how hard I was fucking her. Her asshole was very red and warm and my dick fits in there just perfectly. This is the way to teach this little bitch a lesson.   I noticed that she responded well when I fucked her in her ass and rubbed her cunt at the same time. I think that she already came twice. The hot teen girl wanted to ride me with that asshole so I laid on the floor. She wanted to ride me but I ended up fucking her asshole from below at a great speed. The little slut was now screaming so loud that I was pounding into her tight anus even harder. I let her take over the control for a while, so she supported herself with one of her legs and rode my dick with another. I was keeping her tight asshole jammed down hard on my cock. I knew within a few seconds I’d be filling her ass with my spunk. She squealed in passion and kept pushing her ass onto my dick, making my dick cum into her. She had a really strong orgasm when she felt me cumming inside her ass. The young naked girl smiled and gasped, my cum cream was ranning down between her butt cheeks and down her leg.