Two beautiful brides to be find themselves sucking a couple of big hard stripper dicks at their bachelorette party. The bridesmaids enjoy watching the girls get so much cock before tying the knot and join the naughty strippers. One of the brides strips totally naked, jumping on top of one of the strippers so she can ride on his big hard cock while the other bride and the bridesmaids watch. The stripper spreads her legs wide open while she’s impaled on his big fat dick, making her hot naked body tremble with pleasure. Her delicious big tits bounce up and down while riding the stripper in cowgirl and reverse, enjoying every inch of his hefty cock. The rest of the naked girls are having a blast watching her getting fucked and filming her with their smart phones. The stripper bangs her hard in missionary position and the girls are getting some hot close up footage of this kinky bachelorette party fuck. He’s ready to blow his load and she makes sure she gets all that creamy cum all over her face and her open mouth, milking his throbbing member dry. You would think her fiancé would mind, but on their wedding day, just a couple of minutes before the ceremony starts, he’s fucking the bride’s slutty mom, a gorgeous purple haired slut with big tits and tattoos all over her body. After blowing his creamy load all over her slutty face, they sneak out of the bedroom and he ties the knot with her daughter! During the wedding reception, the other bride gets into a fight with her new husband and he decides to have some fun with the two bridesmaids! The naughty sluts suck and stroke his big hard cock together and strip naked right at the wedding ceremony. While one of the young naked girls sits on his face, the other one sits on his big hard cock and starts riding it. Of course the girls enjoy fondling each other while they are sharing their lover. There’s nothing hotter them banging two horny sluts just a few feet away from the wedding reception! His wife must be wondering where he is! Meanwhile, all the guests receive photos of his wife sucking some huge cock at the bachelorette party, what a shame. The fiancé manages to fuck the naked bridesmaids and blow his creamy load all over their faces and rejoice the party before his wife starts getting really suspicious! Don’t miss all parts of these amazing porn series. 