Ashley has been disruptive in her university classes, and is sent to the guidance counselor to figure out what’s going on. The busty teen girl arrives to the first meeting wearing a sexy blouse, checkered miniskirt and high heels. At least the counselor looks good. She expected an old fart, but he’s actually a handsome stud with curly hair and a nice body. He wants to try to figure out exactly what is this disruptive behavior that has landed her in his office, but Ashley can’t tell, so they decide to role-play, a proven therapeutic intervention for cases like this one. As he role plays the part of her history teacher, the sexy student starts fondling her big tits over her blouse. He dumbfounded, in his many years of guidance counseling he has never experienced a case of acting out quite like this one. This girl looks so hot in her schooluniform. She has wonderful eyes and a stunning body with great tits. Realizing she’s unaware of her behavior, he continues, as she spreads her legs wide open, rubbing her slit over her red cotton panties, getting them soaked with her pussy juices. He realizes he must take affirmative action to address her disruptive behavior with groundbreaking sexual therapy! He bends the high school slut over his desk, hiking up her skirt, grabbing her juicy bubble butt with his hands. He pulls down her panties, licking the crack of her ass and her wet slit while the girl moans and grunts softly. He eats her out so good that her legs begin to shake from orgasm, love the shaking legs! This is one of the best cunilingus I’ve ever seen! The teen slut drops to her knees, ready to suck the counselor’s big throbbing erection. Thick ropes of saliva drip down her chin as she deepthroats it. Obviously, her oral fixation was provoking her disruptive behavior. Now that he knows how to heal her, he spreads her legs over his desk, pushing his hard dick deep into her pink cunt and fucking her dripping wet pussy in missionary position, with her big tits dangling from her unbuttoned blouse. Her young big tits are amazing. He sits on his chair and the pretty girl sits on his lap, impaled on his big hard cock, pushing her tits against his face while riding him in cowgirl position. They move to the couch, where the naked student continues riding his cock, this time in reverse cowgirl. Her big tits are bouncing all over the place as they fuck and he cums all over her face and boobs. She really enjoys the cumbath! Ashley has taken her first steps in addressing her disruptive behavior, but it will take many more sessions for a full recovery, so he schedules her for an intensive daily therapy treatment! 