My day went off to an amazing start as I got to see this amazing Asian babe at the pool side. I was quick to come over and offer her to lotion up her body. She accepted and so I started pouring oil all over her body and stroking it. I groped her body parts and soon enough my hands were playing with her oiled up tits as I was getting ready for something more with her. I pulled out her big tits and she stood up and carried me to the pool. We had some fun in the pool while her tits were showing and I got insanely horny from that. I couldn’t hide it; my bonder was more than obvious and she was stunned by the size of my dick. Naturally, the sexy Asian babe wanted every bit of pleasure that she could suck out of it and that’s exactly what she did, literally. She started sucking it hard and I saw her slutty little Asian mouths struggle to put all of it inside. She went deeper and deeper but my cock was just too wide for her to take all of it in. The sexy girl was licking it and sucking on it, even deepthroating me at one point and then it was time to get a bit more extreme. I always knew these Asian girls were so hot! The babe started bobbing her head up and down really hard, with my cock penetrating her throat over and over. I could see a mix of pleasure and pain on her face as she was doing this and I thought that she earned herself a nice fucking. I’ve never seen an Asian babe with tits this big and I was so ready to fuck her. I kept lying down and the naked babe went on top of me with her pussy and started bouncing up and down as I was resting. This was like heaven for me as she was going at it like areal cowgirl. The feeling of her cunt spasming around my dick was incredible, and I thrust my cock upward to meet her. She went all the way in and moved her body back and forth before going back to up and down motions. She was bouncing on my cock really hard now and I was getting closer and closer to cumming. I was really close at this point and so I pulled it out and got on my feet in front of her as she was on her knees. I then jerked it off in her face and came all over it. Oh shit! The Asian girl began to pump back and forth, rubbing her clit against my pubic bone while squeezing my cock inside her pussy. She wanted me to fuck her over and over. After half an hour, I finally felt ready to come. I pulled her by the hair and filled her little mouth with the biggest load of cum. She swallowed it all! 