After a squabble between a guy and his girlfriend over what they should watch, he sits behind her in the living room while her roommate is on the black couch next to him. He can’t help but get sucked into the real show being put on. His girlfriend can’t see them as she’s too busy watching her show and so the roommate takes her chances and starts rubbing her boyfriend’s cock over his trousers. The girlfriend is completely oblivious so things escalate and the babe pulls out the guy’s cock right there behind his girlfriend. They’re going to be in a lot of trouble if she spots them. She starts sucking on his cock hard from the very beginning. She licks his balls, the shaft and tip and then starts deepthroating him as we get a beautiful shot of her ass from behind. The guy can’t believe that he’s getting away with cheating on his girlfriend while he’s behind her and they keep going at it. He’s in heaven right now and he’s not ready to stop anytime soon. The girlfriend is completely oblivious. After her slutty roommate sucks on his dick for quite a long time, he decides to lick her pussy right then and there. The sexy babe pulls her panties aside and the dude dives between her ass cheeks with her tongue stuck out and starts eating out her pussy from behind while she’s bent over. She gets to experience a really nice sneaky oral session with him and he gets to lick her pussy really thoroughly while his girlfriend still doesn’t suspect a thing. She’s too busy stuffing her face with popcorn and watching her favorite show. The guy feels like he can get away with more than just that, so he takes off all of her clothes and his as well and pushed his dick into her wet slit. He starts fucking her doggy style while he’s still just behind her. It’s incredibly how his girlfriend still can’t suspect anything as they’ve been fucking for a long time now. He gets to kiss her and make out with the slutty roommate as well while they go at it. It gets a bit too intense for her roommate so he has to muffle out her moans with his hands as he fucks her. Her roommate is in ecstasy at this point and she gets such a thrill from being a part of this whole thing. This is one of the kinkiest things that both of them have done in forever and the girlfriend is oblivious every step of the way. We get to see her roommate’s tits dangling as he’s fucking her from behind and they almost get caught by his girlfriend when she runs out of popcorn but luckily, she doesn’t turn around to see them fucking and so they move to another room to keep their fuck session going. The young and horny pair attempt to fuck as quietly as possible.   The sexy naked girl starts riding him on the floor, first in the normal cowgirl style but then she reverses it and starts fucking him in that position. The way this sexy babe moves her body, gently rocking back and forth against his cock, grinding her pussy up and down along the length of his shaft is simply amazing. He starts fucking her from below and she takes it like a real slut. She gets fucked like she has never been fucked before and we’re pretty sure that he fucked her harder than he’s ever fucked his girlfriend. He keeps devastating her vagina from below while the stupid girlfriend is just one room away watching the TV. They are making a lot of noise but she doesn’t seem to notice because of the immersion that she has with her show that she’s watching. They end it when he cums inside her mouth and the girl remains completely oblivious to what just happened just behind her while she was watching television.