A girlfriend and boyfriend woke up one morning feeling incredibly horny and started making out and going down and dirty at the very crack of dawn. Unfortunately for them, they were interrupted by his stepmom who came in and saw them starting to go at it. He covered himself and his college girlfriend up as the MILF asked if they wanted some breakfast. She got him to run out to the store, and afterwards, while his beautiful naked girlfriend was taking her morning her shower, the sexy mom interrupted her again by walking in on her showering and she was taken completely aback. The MILF got to see her entire naked body and at first the girlfriend wasn’t comfortable with it but soon enough she invited her in the shower to soap up her back. The two girls were completely naked at this point and they started shampooing each other. The naked mom started groping the girlfriend’s tits and the two babes started getting a little bit too comfortable to the point where they were really horny. Then, the boyfriend came back home and caught the girls after she licked his girl’s pussy. She gave it a really nice oral session but they decided that the most pleasure would be gained if they had a threesome together. His girlfriend started sucking his big cock while kneeling in front of him and then his horny stepmom chimed in with some of her skills and she taught his girlfriend some more skills like how to deepthroat properly. The naked blondes both sucked on his cock and then moved to the bedroom where they continued to do this for a bit longer before they started getting a bit more extreme and dirty. The girls got so horny that they simply had to start using his dick for even sexier endeavors. These two hot babes wanted to ride him so bad and so the MILF was first up on his cock. The beautiful naked woman straddled him up like a cowgirl and started riding him hard. She went slowly at first but speed up as time went on and eventually she was bouncing really hard. After her, the girlfriend wanted to ride that hard cock. The monster cock that he had was really hard to tame but the blonde slut did it regardless and had so much fun while riding him. Soon the both naked girls rode his dick and his face together. They suck his big dick together, the dude and his stepmom lick the girlfriend’s ass and pussy in some crazy 69 kept fucking each other at the same time. He was so close to cumming that he pulled out and came all over the naked girls, their faces, giving them both some really nice facials. It was a really nice morning threesome. 