So, you’ve had a first date. Now it’s time for the second date. So how can you make the second date as memorable as the first? Well, I shall never forget my second date with Bailey! She rang me to come over so we could have some fun. She came over, rang the bell, and there she was standing in front of my doors. She was wearing some red coat and I just couldn’t wait for her to take it all off. Do you think it’s too soon to have sex on a second date? Bailey didn’t did not think so. The sexy girl starts taking everything off, and I got an instant hard-on once her coat was on the ground. She wore the sexiest lingerie and I wanted to take it off so bad. She undressed completely, came close to me and started seducing me out of my mind. He big round ass made me so horny when she was taking her panties and now it’s time to do something with my boner. The hot teen girl pulled my shorts down, grabbed my cock and started smoking it really deep. She blows my mind with her blowing skills. The little blonde slut starts slowly and licks my cock from the bottom up. Her tongue slides beautifully on my prick and I just can’t wait to have it deep inside her little throat. That’s when she starts gagging on it hard and feeling my glans deep in that little mouth. She starts jerking it with both of her hands and her stare made me insane. This little slut really loves sucking balls. After she thoroughly cleaned his slimy nut sack she grabbed my cock, put it between her stunning round tits and gave me a great tit-job until it was finally time for some penetration. I laid down and my new naked girlfriend turned around, spread her ass cheeks in front of me, slowly lowered her pussy onto my dick and started riding me in the opposite cock-ride. Her ass looks so unbelievable while bouncing on my rod and I tried hard not to come. Those beautiful legs supported her in that ride and her cunt swallowed my prick as it’s nothing. I felt how it drills her wet little pussy harder and deeper. I circled her anus with my thumb. It looked she liked it. Her asshole was very sensitive. Once my thumb entered her ass, her whole body convulsed, holy fuckin’ shit, not every girl loves anal! I watched her winking asshole, so pink and secret and vulnerable as she kept twerking her ass on my dick. That’s when the young naked girl pulled my dick out of her cunt, turned around, spit on it, then pointed my head at the tiny orifice and pushed herself downward. “Fuck my ass!” She wanted to ride me with her asshole on our second date! Bailey let out a squeal as my swollen tip pierced her anal opening. I was watching carefully as her tight rim began to stretch around my invading shaft. There was pain mixed with pure pleasure. She closed her eyes and her head tilted back. Her hand gently caressed her clit as she moved her ass up and down my dick. It was her first anal sex ever, and my too. Her ex-boyfriend refused to try anal. Anal sex just turned him off, and she didn’t want to accept that. But I was ok with anal fucking!   Her asshole was so tight. It felt so good to feel her ass squeeze me inside. I looked at her beautiful breasts as she was bouncing on my cock with her tight little asshole. She screamed with each time my big schlong penetrated her ass hard. My new girlfriend constantly rubbed her cunt, so I decided to fuck in a position where I could have some more control. I pounded her ass like a little bitch in a doggy style position. She helped me with shaking that huge round ass, until she started to cumming; so strongly that her anus clamped around my cock. That was the end of me. I started cumming too; gushing hot sperm in her beautiful ass, and fucking her as hard and deep as possible. She cried in orgasm as my cock erupted. Her entire body strained with orgasmic pleasure. I pulled my dick and watched a stream of cum pulsed out of her asshole. She left very happy and satisfied that day! 