I was just trying to take some time off by spending time in the jacuzzi but my stepsister thought that it would be funny if she pranked me while I was taking a bath. I wasn’t very happy because of this of course, and not only was my jacuzzi session interrupted, my stepsister saw me completely naked! I mean, she saw my dick and everything. This is awkward, I really don’t know how this situation can get better. Then the little slut started talking about how my dick is huge and all sorts of nonsense like that. I couldn’t believe that she was saying this, it was definitely wrong. And you won’t believe what happened next. My horny step sister took her bra off! I got to see her tits, and goddamn, I can’t say that she didn’t look smoking. I completely lost myself when she did this and I allowed her to bend over towards my cock and put it in her mouth. I didn’t even notice what had just happened and she was already sucking on my cock like it was a lollipop. I had no idea that I would love the feeling of my stepsister’s mouth on my cock. The wetness of her mouth completely lubed up my cock and I enjoyed every second of it and soon enough I wanted more. I really couldn’t be satiated by this and she just opened a Pandora’s box by sucking me off. I was quick to retaliate as I gave her some oral and it was so wrong of me to do this but I have to admit that I enjoyed licking her pink pussy with my tongue, kissing and sucking her little clit. “I need it! I want you to fuck my pussy!” I got on the pool side and my naked sister put her hips above me and slid down on my cock. My dick went into her pussy and it didn’t have any trouble going in since she was so wet from the previous dick sucking and pussy licking. My sister started riding me reverse cowgirl style next to the jacuzzi and I enjoyed her wet pussy surrounding my dick. She was bouncing on it like a bouncy castle and I was so confused with emotions of both pleasure and disgust. It was so wrong yet so right and in the end, I came all over her slutty face and she drank all of my cum off her mouth. 