Just because her lesbian girlfriend was a live-in nurse that didn’t mean she wouldn’t fuck her! The girl came over to this old guy’s house and found her sexy nurse GF in the living room. The hot blonde started recording with her phone, she really wanted to fuck her right there and now. That made her girlfriend really horny, so the sexy teen nurse gave her a green light and sat on the kitchen table, pulling her panties down and showing her little pussy. The horny teenage girl went down on her knees and started licking her pussy, which resulted in this sexy bitch making the sexiest sounds ever. She put her head between her legs and pushed her tongue into her, deep into her sweet little pussy. The young lesbian enjoyed having that pussy in her mouth so much that she forgot about the old man completely. The girls decided to go in the living room to check the old fart. The girls wanted each other’s pussies, but the only problem was the old man, fortunately the nurse spilled some food all over him and he had to go change in his bedroom. The crazy lesbian than stood with both of her legs on the old man’s chair while the hot nurse licked her little cunt from below, awesome! She started screaming and moaning as her tongue was traveling from the bottom to the top of her little pussy and back again. The young naked girl then grabbed the other one and put her in a position with her laying upside down. She started drilling her little cunt very hard and the girl couldn’t restrain herself from making some loud sounds of pure pleasure. She then placed her fingers on her clitoris and started jerking it very fast until she came for the first time! It was time for their mutual participation in the last scissoring position. The naked girls got on the ground, placed their young cunts against each other and started going up and down. It’s a good thing his sight was fleeting, both blonde babes were scissoring each other’s sweet, little pussies just feet away from him! The lesbians rubbed on each other’s horny little pussies until both of them felt the most intense and smooth orgasms of their lives. 