These two beauties were laying around by the poll until one of the girls started to take the bikini off of another girl. They both have the smoothest tanned skin, and one of the teens started squeezing and licking the other one. She began by licking her nipples, sucking her small titties into her mouth, rolled down to her belly, and ended up licking her little cunt. Her lesbian girlfriend spread her legs and let her do miracles to her vagina with that skillful tongue. The skinny naked girl put her lips to her friend’s beautiful tight cunt, kissing all around her hot, juicy slit. The young lesbian put her lips on her clitoris and sucked on it causing her to squirm and quivering uncontrollably from the incredible sensation. The skinny girl buried her head between her legs, shoving her tongue deep into her vulva, licking from clit to the bottom of her vagina and back. She then approached this cutie and started scissoring with her slowly with picking the speed up. “Oh, that feels good just putting my little pussy against yours” Their pussies were clean shaven. The teen lesbians began rocking back and forth. The naked girls couldn’t help but to spread their legs wider as their clits rub against each other and their wet pussy lips enveloped one another. Just imagine their moist labia kissing, their pussy juices mixing, their lusts combining as the young girls feel themselves coming hard against each other. After a while, it was time for her friend to get some pussy inside her mouth. She just loved how it tasted and enjoyed licking her pussy for a long time. She then got under her, spread her butt cheeks with her palms and licked her horny little asshole in 69. She then laid on the ground as her girlfriend started fingering her hard. DOn’t miss all pussy close-up views! It wasn’t long before she had her whole fist inside her snatch. The young horny lesbo shoved her fist into her little pussy, deep and hard! Can you fucking believe it? She began fucking her pussy with her hand, pushing her fist deeper and harder, sending her girlfriend into such a level of pleasure she almost pass out. The girls started kissing until one of them pulled a small dildo and started fondling and teasing the other one’s pussy! Then these young naked girls decided to play with a vaginal speculum pulling their labia apart so that you could see right inside. The sun helped them in getting hot and horny, and they both came with such a big pleasure! 