My stepsister and her best friend are having a sleepover and of course I am not missing out on the opportunity of spying on them both and seeing the young girls getting naughty with each other while stripping naked in her bedroom. After watching the girls change into their pajamas, I come in and ask what they’re doing. They tell me they want to watch a movie and I’m already prepared, handing them over this hot horror porn movie. They dig it and while they are watching it, I get disguised like the monster in the movie to sneak in on them! I pull her friend’s jammies and panties down, exposing her delicious ass and wet muff, popping my fat cock inside her and fucking her from behind while the girls keep watching the flick and she makes sure my stepsis doesn’t realize what’s going on! She tries move but I hold her still, shoving my hard dick deeper into her body. Her little pussy is so tight, warm and wet. She has to cover her mouth to keep from moaning. It doesn’t take long until I’m cumming and It feels too good that I just can’t pull out and cum inside her pussy. My cum makes her wet and warm hole even more slippery. Later that night, I sneaked back into their bedroom. The girls are both sleeping, by my sister is happy to have me wake her up. I already fucked her friend and now I want to fuck her too! I pull down her jammies and panties and finger fuck her clam, she’s so fucking beautiful! I wanted to feel her moist pussy on my dick; I wanted to push my cock head against her and let her feel my manhood, hard and hot for her beautiful little body. Without a word, she pulled off her panties and spread her legs obediently in front of me. She looked at me in silence and I positioned myself in front of her pussy and pushed my dick between her pussy lips. The head of my hard dick penetrating the tightness, warmth, resistance of sister’s pussy. The feeling of my dick in her warm, inviting vagina was overwhelming. While I’m fucking her, her best friend wakes up and says she wants to join us! I fuck my stepsister in missionary and fondle her nice tits while her friend is sitting on her face, getting her wet muff eaten out by her. I stripped the girls both naked, taking turns smashing their dripping wet pussies with my hard cock while they have hot lesbian sex with each other. Their bodies are convulsing and shaking in orgasm and I feel I’m ready to cum again. My step sister’s legs are spread, knees up, pussy dripping. OHH I CAN FEEL YOU CUMMING INSIDE ME… OHH FUUCKK… YEESSS… FILL MY PUSSY WITH YOUR HOT CUM! I watch the girls playing with the sperm and swapping it back and forth! Man, I love sleepovers! 