Logan decides to bring his girlfriend, a sexy blonde teen slut, over for Thanksgiving dinner with his family. Surrounded by family and relatives, he hasn’t found the moment to be alone with his girlfriend. He’s so fucking horny that when he finds himself alone in the kitchen, inches away from a warm apple pie, he can’t resist pulling his cock out and literally fucking the pie! His stepmom, a smoking hot brunette cougar, walks in on him and catches her stepson with his dick in the pie she just baked! While the MILF cleans him up, she can’t believe how engorged his member is. Since they are alone in the kitchen and she realizes how horny her stepson’s, she starts jerking his cock with both hands and even sucking it. It doesn’t take him long to cum, shooting his load all over his stepmom’s face! The dude has given his sexy step mom a facial of cum just in time to run away before his dad walks in the room. When the family finally sits down for Thanksgiving dinner, reaches beneath the woman’s miniskirt to play with her pussy. She’s nice and wet, and his fingers easily slide between her pussy lips. Meanwhile, his sexy girlfriend can’t resist the urge for his big hard cock. The teen slut sneaks under the table and starts blowing his dick while everybody else eats, drinks and chats. Once again, Logan gets busted by his stepmom! She takes the teens both to the next room and decides to teach his girlfriend how to suck that big juicy dick and even share it with her. She holds it firmly at the base while making her deep throat it, watching her choke and gag on her stepson’s massive erection, drenching it with her saliva. He’s as aroused as she’s expect, having a threesome with his girlfriend and his stepmom. The girls strip naked and while Logan fucks his stepmom’s gushing cunt doggie style from behind, she’s eating out his girlfriend’s pussy. She watches the dirty blonde teen slut sucking on his fat cock, tasting her pussy juices on it. Logan lies sideways on the couch, fucking his stepmom from behind while his naked skinny girlfriend crawls on her hands and knees, sucking and licking his cock and balls as well as his stepmom’s pussy burger. The hot blonde slut places her feet on his knees and squats, her ass facing him as she gets her tender cunt impaled on his rock hard erection, bouncing up and down on it in reverse cowgirl position.   The MILF rubs her muff and licks his tight balls while the teenagers are fucking. The beautiful naked woman keeps rubbing the blonde’s cunt. She wants to watch her cum so hard while on top of her stepson’s delicious dick. She keeps riding, and Logan fondles her tinny firm breasts and watches his hot mature stepmom playing with his girlfriend’s wicked hot naked body and offering plenty of motherly advice. He fucks his girl in missionary while his stepmom sits on her face and gets her pussy licked by the blonde. The naked girls take a brief break as they take turns sucking him off again. Logan has so much to be thankful for this Thanksgiving. He got to fuck his sexy girlfriend and his hot cougar stepmom in a threesome over and over during the holiday and blow his creamy load deep into his gf’s cunt, watch his horny step mom eating the creampie out of her vagina and snowball the delicious treat with the teen girl! Don’t miss more girlfriend/daughter/mother sneaky sex scenes!