I broke my arm and since I’m pretty much bedridden for a couple of weeks and bored out of my brains I started jerking off while resting in my bed to my stepsis’ nude photos and videos. Right in the middle of it, my sister walks into my bedroom. She’s already seen my cock and watched me jerking off several times, but she’s quite surprised when I tell her I’m masturbating to her. I keep jerking off in front of her while she’s checking out the stolen privat pictures and videos of her on my phone. She asks me to get rid of them and I tell her I’ll do it if she helps me get off. Surely, she doesn’t want to touch my prick but I say she has no choice and she has to touch it. Crawling onto the bed she takes my erection with her hand and begins to slide her fist up and down. My sister has never touched my dick before and her soft hands feel amazing. I starts sucking and stroking her stepbrother’s dick. It’s time for my slutty sister open her mouth and let my dick in. My throbbing cock enters her warm mouth and she starts giving me head, sucking and slurping. It feels so good! She hears steps down the hall. It’s my mom come into my bedroom, so she sneaks under the covers so she can’t see what she’s doing, while she continues blowing me. This seems to get her really turned on. While my mom is picking up my dirty clothes from the floor, my stepsister pushes my hard cock inside her so I can fuck her with mom just a few feet away! She finally leaves, and I put my stepsister on her belly, pounding her wet muff from behind. My balls smack against her tender bubble butt as she looks over her shoulders, begging me to fuck her very hard and make her my slut. I stay still and she wiggles her ass, backing it up against my cock. Fucking hot! I grab her big tits while fucking her in missionary and keep fucking her even when my mom comes back again. I feel her cunt start to twitch on me, grabbing my cock, holding me tight inside her as I pound her from behind. My sister tries to suppress her moans as I push into her deeper and deeper. I just can’t stop fucking my slut sister and cumming in her mouth even just feet away from my mom. 