I recently hired a person to take care of my place while I’m at work. I come back from a business trip and instead of going straight to the office I decide to pass by my place first. I open the door to my house and find the person I hired to take care of my place masturbating on my couch! She’s a hot, busty brunette babe and right now she has her big tits dangling over her top and her legs spread wide open. Her eyes are closed as she finger fucks her gushing cunt. When I slam the door closed, she gets up, startled by the noise and realizing she’s not alone. I’m quite upset with her behavior, and she’s apologizing profusely. Thing is, as mad as I am, I’m also hard from watching the sexy slut playing with her pussy and big boobs. I grab her, pressing her body against mine and I can feel her juicy bubble butt up against my crotch and making me even harder as I grope those big melons and squeeze them hard with my hands. I can see her nipples under her top and I’m sure she can feel my throbbing erection against the crack of her ass. The busty babe moans and grunts as I start kissing her neck, kneading these big jugs like fucking pizza dough. With one swift motion, I rip her top to shreds, exposing her delicious bangers. It looks like rough sex turns this bitch on! I push her down on the couch, pull down my pants and push my hard dick into her mouth! Excited by my treatment of her she begins to suck my dick, deep throating it all the way, licking up and down my cock and my balls. Her puffy lips wrapped around my cock. She looks me in the eyes waiting what I’m going to do with her next. I push my hard cock between those big tits and she wraps them around my shaft as I fuck her boobs. She opens her mouth and pulls out her tongue and I slap my cock against it, titty fucking her. After sucking my cock and fucking my dick with her boobs the hot brunette bends over and spreads her butt cheeks wide open with her hands, showing me the crack of her ass. I can see her sexy little asshole and I stimulate her anus with my finger, rubbing it before tossing her salad. This slut enjoys getting her asshole licked by a man, it gets her so turned on. Down on her hands and knees, I push my hard cock inside her gushing cunt and begin fucking this bitch doggie style from behind.   Her juicy bubble butts makes loud sounds as it smacks against my crotch and she looks over her shoulder with a sexy look on her face. She does like it when I gather her hair in my fist and pound her in hardcore style. I make her climb on my dick and ride it in reverse cowgirl, with those big bangers bouncing up and down furiously. The crazy bitch slams herself down on me, taking my entire length in, going faster and faster, then gasping and grinding herself hard against me. I put her on her back, spread legged, smashing her snatch in missionary. She keeps her legs spread wide open for me, her big jugs jiggling as I continue fucking her with long deep strokes, slow but very hard. The hot busty babe looks me in the eye as I keep slamming harder and harder into her cunt. I grab her by her black locks, ready to blow my creamy load all over her slutty face and her big tits. From now on, instead of masturbating, she’s waiting for me to come back home to fuck her!