I always knew that something was going on with my girlfriend and her sexy roommate. I yearned for such a long time to bang that hottie and wanted to make it happen as soon as possible. This one time, my girl threw a dinner for us all, and the slut started jerking my cock under the table. I just loved the way it felt, but at one point, I look down and saw that her roommate was fingering my girlfriend’s pussy! All the masks fell down and that could have turned out to be a big conflict! But, we managed to find a solution. We figured if we all just fuck in a threesome, everyone will be happy. Man, my girl started kissing her roommate and there it was, my dream come true. Just a couple of moments later, the girls were both sucking my prick, and one of them would deepthroat it while another one would suck my balls. I put my dick between their mouths while they kissed and they began to kiss the head of my dick together. The scene was unbelievable and I enjoyed every single minute of it. The girls both wanted my cock inside their little pussies so bad that one of them pushed me on the bed and started riding me with her huge ride butt. My hot naked girl started screaming while her roommate licked her tits and helped her slide on my cock more easily. The it was the roommate turn to ride my dick. She bent over, my girl spread her ass cheeks and pushed my dick into her cunt! She would push and pull her butt on that dick while her roommate rode it. The slut was riding faster and faster and she came all over my dick for the first time. My girlfriend wanted to make my every wish come true. I said I wanted to watch my girlfriend get in some action with another girl, and suddenly there the naked girls were, scissoring on my carpet. I polished my prick while the girls enjoyed rubbing their pussies against each other. Then I laid down on the carpet and one of them started riding me while the other was slapping her butt against the others. The babes were so horny and my girlfriend was riding me even better than her roommate. I would pull my dick out from time to time and stick it in her roommate’s pussy while licking my gf’s small and beautiful tits. Her nipples felt great in my mouth as her slutty friend kept bounding those butt cheeks on my rod. The time was approaching to finish them off and make them really fucking satisfied. My gf’s roommate was below her and my naked girlfriend on top of her.   Both of their butts were in front of me and I started pounding each of them really hard. I moved from one pussy to the other, it was awesome, my dick was covered in their juices. Their pussies were dripping wet. The girls both came once! Her roommate then got out of the pile and started licking my girlfriend’s pussy and my cock with much skill. I was just about to come but I pounded that cunt for just a bit longer! These two juicy booty cuties took turns straddling on a huge cock and sucking me before a thick facial! That’s when I felt that will come, so I pulled the girls both close and spread my juice all over those slutty little faces! The two naked girls were getting blasted by my cum and were eagerly licking each other’s faces and cleaning my cock.