I have to say, I got so lucky tonight that I got to pick up the smoothest, sexiest, most erotic chick and bring her into my flat. She was a bit buzzed and I definitely felt like her behavior is not something she does all the time. The teen started taking her clothes off over by the window and it was simply the hottest scene I ever witnessed! She took her clothes very slowly and she was suddenly standing there naked and unbelievably hot! I just couldn’t wait to have my dick inside that sexy mouth and didn’t wait much before it happened! The little whore got on her knees and started blowing me just a couple of minutes after we came into the flat. I even didn’t remember her name but my dick was in her mouth already. I went crazy with each time her tongue was sliding from my balls to the tip of my glans, which made me super horny and wanting to bang the shit out of her. I saw that the hottie is enjoying it really much, so I let her play with my cock for a while. She suddenly jumped on me and started jumping on my cock as fast as she could. She’s quite an insatiable little cunt and I just enjoy being inside of her very much! The hot naked girl starts to scream loud while her hair waves all over the place, saying hello to the furniture that’s watching and supporting us in fucking. She was so erotic that I reminisced about this fuck a lot of times after. This seductress turned around and started riding me with her stunning butt facing me. I felt as I was on some kind of a drug and absolutely loved it. Her bushy pussy went up down, from side to side, fast and then slow, again and again, without her stopping to take a breath. I got on my feet, spread her legs and started kissing her tasty little pussy. After making her extra horny with my tongue, she could hardly open her eyes. That’s when I came close to her and started banging her pussy so hard that she didn’t know what came over her. I know she’s into urban over-by-the-window kind of fuck, so I brought her to my big living room windows and started pounding her from behind. The horny little girl went into a state of ecstasy with each time my schlong penetrated her hard. That’s when she got on her knees and begged me to come all over that face, which I was glad to do! It was the most incredible sex I had ever experienced. 