I love how chicks always fall for the money I have! It’s doesn’t take long either, I just mention that I have a private jet nearby and their panties are practically off. This one day, I was in a bar and picked up two blonds from my dreams. These two gold diggers would do anything to get with me, so I offered them to throw a little party over in my jet. The sluts, of course, agreed and we got there as fast as we could. We came into the hangar and the girls just went nuts for the plane. They started behaving really wild, just the way I like it. I invited them to come on the plane so that the party could begin. The babes came inside and couldn’t take the smiles off of their faces! They were really impressed and ready to suck me whenever I say so. I came close to one of the blondes and pulled her bra off. Her unbelievable round tits were right in front of me. The teen slut started laughing and started to take the bra of another girl. Man, I was so horny that I just had to stick it somewhere. I pulled my pants down and the young girls were shocked by how huge it was. Both of them were too shy to start sucking it, so the one came close and started licking my glans while the other one was watching. She joined eventually two and these stunning hot blondes were suddenly gaging on my cock, which makes me wonder what I have done to deserve this in my life. The girls started kissing each other and one of them would suck my prick while the other one was filling her little mouth with my big balls. The girls were so happy and horny. One of them yearned for my cock that she turned around while she was still on her feet and begged me to come inside her. I lifted one of her butt cheeks with my hand and started shoving my giant dick into her tight little pussy. My balls hang so low and I love the way they slap against womens pussies when I fuck them. She started screaming feeling like my dick stretching her vagina, her blondie licked her amazing round tits. This party was really heading somewhere and we all enjoyed it really much. I enjoyed watching and pounding that exclusive ass in this outstanding threesome. Her friend was getting jealous of her, so I had to satisfy her little cunt two. The young naked girl laid on the chair and spread her legs wide with her smooth snatch begging me to come inside her. Her friend in red dress kissed and sucked her beautiful nipples as I was screwing her little cunt.   I kept going like a raging bull and wanted so bad to make them satisfied. They’re not leaving this plane without going through at least two orgasms, each. The friend in red wanted the control back, so she started to jump on my cock like a very skillful cowgirl. Her sexy friend took a phone out and started to record her as she slides up and down on that thing. That slut was unbelievable in the way she rode my cock, slamming herself down onto my dick. I was going to fuck the shit out of their pussies with the biggest cock the girls had ever seen. The red one came in minutes and the other one wanted it too. The naked blonde got on top of me and started to ride me at an incredible speed. There was nothing that could stop this horny bitch from getting what she wants, and what she wanted was to come. I helped her by pounding her from below as fast as I could. My dick size was by itself enough to please them, but I put some extra effort, just in case. The girls were satisfied right and I decided to give them a cherry on the top of the pie and came all over those slutty faces! The young naked girls began to lick my cum from each other faces!