On this one really hot sunny day, I was driving my van with my friend and came across this really hot and beautiful girl, walking down the street. We pulled the car over and I started asking her question about the direction to the “bitch” beach I looking for. It was probably our attitude that gave us away, and she knew what we wanted from the first minute. She started talking to me, and to my surprise, she got into the van. I thought crossed my mind that only sluts would get into a car filled with strangers, and I knew what to expect. My friend started to laugh as this sexy thing started taking her panties off. This girl was obviously insatiable and I wanted to give her the fuck of her life. I lowered my head down really fast and shoved my whole face into her juicy little pussy. I loved each moment in which I licked that smooth cunt, and I just loved all that sounds she was making. I got really excited when she got down and started unzipping my pants. That’s when she started sucking my huge cock like no one ever sucked me. The way my dick felt inside her mouth blew my mind. My friend recorded us fuck as the naked girl got on top of me and started to jump on my dick with her butt facing the camera. The tall, long haired blonde loved the length of my cock and I felt her cunt twitch while she was sliding on my erect prick. Her mesmerizing tits were right there in front of me and I licked those as if it was my last time. The cute naked girl then turned around and started jumping on my cock in the opposite direction. My rod could hardly fit into that little pussy, but she managed to get it all inside somehow. I grabbed both of her legs and jammed her on my prick in this wild crazy position. The naked girl started doing a split over me and lowered onto my cock. I can’t imagine many poses more erotic than that! She let me fuck her pussy all over the bus. Her pussy got stretched in several positions before it was time to finish this little slut, so I grabbed her round ass and started pounding it really hard from behind. That’s when she really started to scream and I knew that I have reached the g-spot. The smile wouldn’t come off of her face and I kept banging her until she felt the most ravishing orgasm. I got to my feet and filled her little mouth with cum! We did ensure her that she definitely has the potential to have a future in porn. 