I get a lot of hot girls on my photoshoots who want to become something big. I can make that happen, and it’s not so rare that these sexy girls are willing to do anything just to get their shot in the global modeling industry. So, I was shooting this really girl in short white dress, and I just couldn’t help but notice how sexy her skin and body are. After taking a few pictures, she told me that she feels comfortable enough for me to shoot her naked. As I was doing so, she came close to me to view the pics and told me that she would do anything to get to world glory. I asked her what she means by that and she took my hand and lead me to her bedroom. She got on the bed and started to take her panties off slowly, and I could suddenly see that she’s got a diamond dildo up in her pussy. That made me so horny that I wanted to pull it out and stick my dick in there instead. This girl wanted me to bang her hard and I intended to do nothing less. The sexy naked girl invited me close to her and started seducing me with her body. She then turned around, spread her legs and sent me the sexiest stare that made me go down and lick her pussy like some really horny teenager. I suddenly felt like I’m owned and she controlled me as she wanted. Started kissing her sexy pussy with that anal plug diamond still inside her asshole. After a while, I was drilling her pussy with my tongue, and drilling her asshole with that pink dildo. It was time for her to feel my cock inside her cunt, so I grabbed her legs and started pounding her pussy slowly. As I was picking the speed up, she started staring at me and making the sexiest sounds. I lowered my cock down a bit and started fucking her ass which she really loved. The hot teen wanted to take over the control, got on top of me, supported herself with her legs and started jumping on my cock with her horny asshole. She’s got some real skills in anal cock riding, so I let her do it as much as she wanted. Pretty face, perky titties, cute little butt, tan lines and that tiny, black triangle above her clean shaven pussy, the girl was gorgeous! The sexy naked girl bent over and told me to fuck her butt deep and hard. I was fucking her ass and came deep between those juicy butt cheeks, right in her ass! 