One day, I was passing over by my step-sister’s room and listened to her talking to her sexy best friend. I actually got to fuck her sexy friend, and the girls were talking about it. Her best friend started talking about how exactly I fucked her, made her cum several times and came all over her face, which made my step-sister very horny. Suddenly she saw me peeking throw the door so I quickly ran into the living room. After about a half an hour, the girls both came down and joined me in watching the television. I noticed the way my sister was looking at me, which made me crazy as hell. That’s when she did something crazy! She put the blanket over my dick and started giving me a handjob while her friend was watching the television. My sister was jerking me off and even could take my dick in her mouth. Her friend could have caught us a couple of time but my sister was extra careful about it! It was time to stop fulling around, so I went up to my room. After a couple of minutes, my horny sister came over to my room, wearing nothing but her t-shirt and her sexy panties. I knew at once that she wanted to bang me. She sat on the bed and started talking about how bad she feels for wanting to fuck me. I comforted her and persuaded her that it’s ok for us to fuck one time. She spread her legs to show me how wet I made her. Her panties were literally soaked with her own cum. She moved her panties aside a bit to show how wet her pussy was. She didn’t want to waste time anymore, so she pulled my dick out, grabbed it with her tiny hands and started swallowing my cock very deep and enjoyed it really much. The fact that I was her step-brother was making her extra horny and she sucked the way she never sucked, with wild passion coming in and out of her mouth. The little slut enjoyed each time my glans ended up in her throat. She jumped fast and started riding me really fast. Man, the sounds she was making made me so horny that I wanted to fuck her for the rest of the time! I watched that little snatch goes up and down on my prick and I enjoyed feeling the inside of her warm cunt. I helped her a bit by pounding her from below, and I could feel her first orgasm. This little slut won’t stop until she leaves with at least a couple of orgasms. It was time to bang this hottie from behind. I pulled her up, twisted her and started pounding her cunt hard from behind. She started to scream so loud that I was worried that her friend might hear us. Hold the moan! My dick made her cum again and again, she bit her lip in attempting to stifle her moans. My cock was huge and harder than ever, and I kept filling her cunt with my huge cock as hard as I could. I produced a wet slushy sound as I fucked in and out of her hot sucking pussy.   My hot naked sister loved how I pounded her with much strength and the spit was constantly dripping from her mouth down on the bed. Oh, my hot sister will remember this fuck for a very long time, and I made sure of it by putting an extra effort into banging her hard from behind. The girl went completely crazy when I turned her over once again and started pounding her in a missionary position. I kept pounding away to the rhythm of her screaming, and I simply loved it. We both waited for this moment for so long that the energy was bursting around. My sister came twice already and begged me to give her some cum. She was already in a position in which I could easily cover her cute little face with my come, so when the moment came, I got on my feet and did exactly that! We were finally both satisfied!