I remembered one day that Ricky promised me a massage which I could really use right now, and plus, I think he’s really hot. When I want something, I don’t think about it for long, so I went straight to his house, rang the bell and there he was, looking at my body like some drooling teenager. I told him that it’s time for that massage and went into his bedroom. We want inside, so I pushed him on the bed, and started teasing him with taking my clothes off slowly. My firm tits just couldn’t wait to get out of that bra. It was then when I came on the bed and started taking my bra off, and suddenly, my big tits were contributing to the biggest boner that was riding in his pants. Ricky, just wait to see my butt. I let him squeeze my melons for a while before I decided to take off my panties and start shaking my huge butt in front of him. I love the way I could control a man with that thing, and now it’s time for him to get some. He put me on the bed and started massaging my tits, my ass and my wet pussy with his strong, skillful hands. I wanted to taste his cock so bad that I pulled his pants down fast and started blowing his prick with all the strength I had. I feet it so deep inside my throat that my pussy was the next destination I wanted it to be inside. He laid down, I got up quickly and felt his hot dick in my pussy. I began jumping on his prick with my perfect tits bouncing all over the place. The head of his dick sliding all the way into my body hit the depths of my vagina. He grabbed my hips and began fuck me so hard that I soaked his cock and balls with gushing juices. He wanted to stare at my bushy pussy so I supported myself with my hands on the bed. That’s when I decided to make him go mad with my huge ass. I turned around and started riding him in the opposite direction, fast and slow, hard and deep. He squeezed my butt so hard and I could tell that he’s about to come very fast. That’s when he got on his feet, spread my butt cheeks and put his cock very deep into my cunt in the wildest doggy style. He grabbed my hips and jammed me on his erect shaft so hard that I screamed as a little slut. He was huge! I was fucking obsessed with his cock. He fucked me a bit longer until I felt his juicy cum in my mouth! 