When this hottie wants something, she goes for it. The babe realized that she’s got a big crush on her sexy male roommate which made her horny all the time. This one time, she noticed that the doors of his room were open, and there he was, taking his pants off. She stared at his underwear and the way they were pressing against his huge pecker. Her mouth immediately got filled with water as she imagined all the ways in which she could have fun with that big dick. But, she doesn’t want to look slutty, so she went to the bathroom to masturbate instead. The sexy naked girl got into the bathtub and started rubbing her cute little pussy. She imagined her roommate fucking her cunt on the bathroom table and started moaning really loud. Her roommate heard it, came over to see what’s going on and… bang! There she was, all naked, with her legs spread wide, inviting him to join her. She grabbed his dick and started blowing him in the most seductive and dirty way. After stuffing her throat with her cock for a while, he got down, spread her legs, separated her pussy lips with two of his fingers and started kissing and licking her ignited little clit. What a nice, wet, tight little pussy! The girl went crazy as he was giving her exactly what she wanted. She felt like going to a comfortable bed to fuck, which was exactly what she wanted. The naked girl bent over and waited for him to come inside, so he put his pecker inside her and started banging her in the wildest and fastest doggy style position. The girl kept staring at him and screamed really loud as she felt his prick penetrate her hard. Then the hottie pushed him onto his back and sank her pussy over his cock. That was long, slow, gentle fuck. Her hairy pussy was sliding up and down on his rod. She started slamming herself down hard and fast, bringing herself to an orgasm. He grabbed one of her legs, lifted it in the air and fucked her little slutty cunt as hard as he could. Her pussy was on fire and finally, he felt ready to spread his cum all over her slutty little face! 