Ever since this wife saw a guy in a suit outside, she has been fantasizing about him literally all the time. Her husband doesn’t know anything and she is keeping it to herself. The memory of a mystery man makes her rub her pussy in the shower when her the husband does not see< play with herself at night under the blanket, imagining his huge dick in her mouth, fucking her hard, in all possible positions, cumming all over her face, bringing her to incredible orgasms that her husband would never give her. However, all of this is a figment of her imagination, like a dream, and all she’s doing is masturbating in her bed next to her sleeping husband as she daydreams about this dude drilling the shit out of her. The beautiful woman is really horny and so the first thing she imagines is that she’s making out with him as she’s stroking his huge cock. The blonde then goes down on the cock and starts sucking on it like a complete and utter whore. In her fantasy she climbs on top of him like a cowgirl and starts riding him like all those young sluts in porno. This beautiful MILF feels like such a whore as she’s imagining this and she keeps on masturbating while lying next to her husband. She then changes up the position by riding him in reverse cowgirl style, the sex position she has never tried with her husband. She rieds the mystery man really well as we watch her amazing tits. There really isn’t anything that this bitch wouldn’t imagine with this guy as she’s completely obsessed by his looks. She gets fucked by him harder and faster with every bounce and eventually the guy starts fucking her from behind. The husband is oblivious of what she’s thinking about but he does wake up to her masturbating so she has to figure out a reason for why she’s masturbating instead of having sex with him. Once she’s out of that pickle and the husband is asleep again she keeps on imagining this dude and his amazing dick penetrating her over and over again as she gets closer and closer to orgasming. The gorgeous MILF finally reaches climax and has one of the best orgasms of her entire life with her sloppy husband.     