My and my girlfriend were having a friend over and she is looking mighty fine. I am all up looking at her and can’t get enough of watching her. My girlfriend doesn’t notice and goes to the other room for a second. While she’s gone, her blondie best friend starts making moves on me and I just can’t resist her. The teen slut gets all up in my face talking dirty and I can’t take it. I get turned on really easily by her and her sexy ass body is just begging to be taken advantage of. I know that it’s a big risk but I just had to get some action right then and there. She gets down on her knees and starts sucking my cock dry. I can’t believe that we’re doing it while my girlfriend is close by and can come and find us at any moment. The blonde is incredibly good at blowjobs and I just let her go at it as she goes harder and faster with every bob of her head on my cock. The hot slut even deepthroats me and she simply can’t get enough of my huge-ass cock. She wants more with every moment passed and starts going really hard at that point. She can’t get enough of it and so she wants me to put it inside of her. I know I can’t resist that offer so I get behind her as the tiny naked girl bends over and start fucking her at the kitchen counter. I don’t even think twice about the possibility of my girlfriend walking in on us and I just keep ramming this blonde bimbo up her pussy harder and harder with every thrust that I send it. She takes it like a real slut and I go savage on her tight vagina. She loves my cock and keeps telling me to go harder. I play with her small titties as she starts moaning and I know that my girlfriend can hear that. At that moment I already think that it’s too late so I just keep on fucking this bitch without thinking for a moment about the potential repercussions. That little slut was driving me crazy. I slammed my dick sp hard and deep in her tiny puss that she started to scream but fortunately she covered her mouth with her hand. Her nipples were so swollen and hard, her pussy juices squirted with each thrust deep into her cunt, she clenched her teeth and grimaced as she felt me destroy her pussy. She was yelling again as I banged the shit out of her little pussy. My girlfriend walks in on us and catches us red handed as I’m drilling her bestie’s pussy. I know it’s wrong that I’m doing this but I just can’t resist this amazing ass of this blonde cunt.   My girlfriend is shocked in the beginning but soon enough she finds it kind of kinky and even looks like she wants to get in on it. I couldn’t believe my luck when she told me this and I was more than happy to start getting both of these pussies tamed. My girlfriend bends over as well and now I can choose who I want to fuck. I fuck one of the girls first then switch over and keep doing that for a while. After that the girls both suck on my huge cock at the same time and I feel like I’m in heaven. The babes are really good to me and I decide to reward them with some more fucking. First the bestie gets on top of my cock and rides me while my girlfriend sticks around to be a slut and make out with both me and her, and then my girlfriend takes her friend’s role as I drill her and make out with the blondie. Everything feels so good as I’m doing this and eventually I feel like I’m about to blow a load. So I get the naked girls on their knees and start cumming all over their faces and I can tell how much they love the cum.