It was just yesterday when I came into the bathroom and saw my stepdaughter standing there fully naked. SHe left me breathless with her ultra-slim body, long slender legs and young titties and pussy. She said nothing and walked towards the tub. I could spend a lifetime in just watching the young beautiful nude girl taking a bath. She’s got the smoothest skin I’ve ever seen. I watched that small but sexy body and her private parts. I got so horny while watching her bathing in that tub. I wanted to play with that flawless body so bad, and she got on her feet and let me soap her up all over her body. The young naked girl enjoyed having my hands make her soft and soapy. That’s when she got back to the water, spread her legs, and waited for my fingers to find their way to her stimulating little snatch. I used two fingers to rub that delicate little thing and she loved it so much that she could hardly open her eyes. She would just occasionally open her eyes and look at me with those gorgeous eyes. I wanted to see that cute face on my cock, so I took her out of the bath and she sat there on the floor. Her beautiful little lips were suddenly wrapped around my big cock and I just loved it. I felt how her tongue twirled and wrapped itself around my glans so skillfully that it gave me the best tinkling feeling in the world. I felt very eroticized, but at the same time had a burning desire to bang her as hard as I can. The young naked girl dropped my cock, got up, positioned my cock just beneath her beautiful little pussy, and started to go up and down on it with picking the speed up gradually. The feeling of her tight pussy being stretched by my massive cock made her tiny body tremble. This was one hell of a scene for my eyes. There she was, my naked step daughter, riding me like she does it for a living. I enjoyed each time my cock found itself deep inside her snatch and I made the sounds of pure satisfaction. The girl also moaned so seductively that I wondered how much longer I could last with this tight pussy. She went up and down all over again and supported her skinny body with her sexy legs. It was time for me to stop this slow pace and fuck her the way a woman should be fucked. I put the naked girl on the bathroom sink and started pounding while holding her legs. She’s got the sexiest skinny belly, so I grabbed her by her hips and jammed her on my rod as hard as I could. He stares suggested me not to change position and to keep fucking her this way. I know that look, it’s when I hit the g-spot. Her cute tits were also staring at me, making me horny even more as the time progressed in this awesome position. Her screaming made me go crazy, and I approached an orgasm very fast. I suddenly came! I wasn’t too careful and I filled her pussy with my cum!   Her pussy convulsed in orgasm, feeling my hot sperm hitting her vagina. I pulled out my dick and watched her masturbating her pussy with my cum leaking out of the hole. Nothing better than seeing a beautiful woman take a load of cum in her pussy! The teen girl enjoyed feeling that cum inside her so much that she actually wanted me to keep fucking her. She got on her knees and spread her cute ass in front of me, asking me to keep fucking her and make her cum again. Her pussy was making loud wet sucking sounds as I thrust my dick in and out, remnants of cum splattering over. After a couple of minutes of me fucking her from behind like that, I felt a spasm inside her cunt and knew that she came. I thrust deeply and held my cock inside her pussy, cumming inside her again. She was moaning like a total whore as her step father filled her with cum. I’ve never cummed so many times in a row!