This girl picked up her boyfriend’s phone and found a message from some chick saying that she’s all wet and wants to come over. When she discovered her boyfriend was cheating on her, she got mad, she wanted to get revenge on a cheating boyfriend! She immediately thought of a little plan. She thought to get the bitch inside the house, take her to the bedroom, and tie her to the bed. She texted back that she should come over and presented herself as being Justin’s roommate when she finally arrived. She was very kind and said that Justin got out but that he’ll be back in no time. She started hitting on her and telling her how sexy she is. The girl got all wet from the complements, and Justin’s girlfriend threw her to bed when they came inside the room. As was tying her up she got horny and desperately wanted to fuck this hottie. She started to lick her amazing, big round tits and lowered her hand to feel her wet panties. This girl must be an absolute dream partner for all lesbians. She pulled her moist panties aside and started kissing and sucking on her little cunt, which the bf’s mistress loved so much that she moaned away to her first in a series of orgasm. The sexy girl couldn’t help but to spread her legs wider as her new lover ate her sopping cunt out. ‘Rub your pussy on my face!’ The crazy girlfriend put her panties in her mouth and placed her body just above her mouth so that she could suck her little pussy too! After a while, she took the panties out of her mouth, laid down and enjoyed as this sexy thing started rubbing her cunt with her horny tongue. These two seem to inspire one another! The naked girls kissed for a while until Justin’s girlfriend decided to bend her over and finger her pussy very hard, lick her cunt and ass from behind, rim her ass with her tongue, not paying any attention to his boyfriend who was trying to figure out what was going on. They girls started scissoring until they both felt the most amazing and intense wild orgasms of their lives! This is some of the most intensely passionate and exciting tribbing imaginable. Watching these girls rub their wet cunts against each other, just the pure happiness and passion of everything that two incredible girls can give to one another. Tribbing, face sitting, 69, ass rimming… take this as a tutoring session in the fine art of pleasuring a woman. Great chemistry, the total package for a lesbian porn scene 