After a wild party last night, I woke up next to my naked girlfriend and her friend as well. I couldn’t believe that we might’ve done something last night, but as I came to realize it was entirely possible. The slutty friend woke up and I was already hard and she started seducing me by stroking her pussy in front of me. How do you resist something like that. The slut took my dick and started to suck on my dick! I was ecstatic about seeing how far we could take this before my girlfriend woke up. She was sucking me off like a pro and I was enjoying every moment of it like it was my last. It was so amazing and my naked girlfriend sleeping just a few feet away made the experience even better for me. I felt so wrong yet it all felt so right at the same time. I couldn’t stop myself from taking this dirty endeavor even further and so I turned this bitch around and she showed off her tight ass and pussy to me. She had a nice bubble ass and I had to start fucking her, there was no way that I could say no to this invitation even though my girlfriend was still in the room, sleeping. I grabbed her waist and started driving into her  her from behind as hard as I could and she loved it. The sexy naked girl was taking my cock doggy style and I was there enjoying it and having the time of my life. Just as I felt like I was in heaven, my girlfriend woke up and we were busted! I thought that this will just end bad but instead, her friend was good with words and so she started seducing her as well. I thought to myself, if this bitch manages to get me a threesome, I’ll be thanking her for the rest of my life. I kept fucking her and my girlfriend slowly opened up to the idea of a threesome. The slut grabbed her ankles, pulled her closer, opened her legs and began licking her pussy! I had never seen my girlfriend with another girl! My girlfriend was now completely integrated into the threesome. Soon enough the naked girls were both sucking on my cock and taking turns sucking my balls as I was waiting for one of them to start fucking me again. This time around it was my girlfriend who wanted the cock so she started riding me while she was making out with her friend. The slut stood in front of her, grabbed my girlfriend’s hair and fucked her face with her cunt! Holly shit! It was amazing but I wanted to see that slut of a friend in this position as well.   The girls enjoyed the cock so much and they both wanted it really bad so I started fucking her friend again while my girlfriend was licking her pussy. My girlfriend then got on top of her and started riding her face, energetically rubbing her wet cunt against her mouth, covering her face with her juices! Finally, I decided to do something really kinky and I put the naked girls side by side with their backs against each other and I started fucking them one by one. First my girlfriend was taking the cock and then her friend was the one taking it in. I shoved my cock inside one bitch and then pulled out to shove it into the other whore as well. The girls were moaning together. Finally, I bent both of them over, with her friend bending over her so that I could get to both pussies. Again, I started fucking one pussy and then the other interchangeably. When I was ready to cum, two naked girls began to suck my dick furiously, catching my load with their tongues!