My friend was filming me as I was playing with this little slutty whore one day. She kept saying how my dick won’t fit into her mouth, so I laid down on the couch and told her to start sucking my prick. The little slut came over and started giving me the blowjob of my life. The way this floozy sucks is so great that I had to restrain myself not to cum in her mouth too early. This little bitch has got some really nice ass, and I couldn’t wait to have my cock inside it! She sucked me for a bit longer until she turned around, ready to rock and roll! Her vagina was so tight that I was having trouble getting my huge cock into the small hole of hers. I felt like a king as I was just laying there as the tiny naked girl was beginning to bounce that ass on my cock. That felt so great and he shiny, cute little ass made me horny as hell! But, this little slut has got some tricks too! She turned around and started riding me with her little tits facing me. I let the petite girl have her fun. She could have all the control so she started riding me with her tits just above my face as I was holding her round butt with my palms. The things were getting pretty fired up as I decided to fuck the brains out of this little cunt. I decided to take the matters into my own hands. I bent the young girl over while she was leaning on the ladders and started pounding that cute little butt as hard as I could. She was clearly enjoying having my big dick inside her, and she came loudly as I pounded her from behind. Then I lifted one of her legs and started pounding away in that position. She was already screaming so loud and she was on the verge of a great orgasm. She went into a special state and enjoyed it without saying a word. That’s when I decided to finish this little slut off. I put her on the couch, spread her little legs, and started jamming my prick deep in her little cunt. She went out of her mind as life her and started jamming her on my dick with her dangling in the air. My cock had stretched her pussy so much! I fucked her nice for a bit longer until she got on her knees and took a big load of my cum all over that cute face! 