My sexy client invited me to her home so that I could give her a nice massage of her entire body. Of course, I didn’t expect that this meant her ass and pussy too, but that’s exactly what she got from me. From the moment the hot naked babe got on the massage table I couldn’t resist but play with her amazing ass and so my hands ventured where they shouldn’t have, right down to her ass and I started massaging it. She seemed to be enjoying it so I continued getting even dirtier. I started massaging her thighs right up to her sexy pussy and I started oiling that pussy up since I knew what was coming. I took off the towel from her ass and started stroking her and groping her all over. After that, she turned around and let me massage her tits and I oiled them up well. I groped her big breasts and massaged them so well and the babe was more than ready to get some cock action up her tight pussy. I took my pants off and started grinding against her clit and she loved it but really wanted it inside of her. I was teasing her well and eventually, I decided to give her what she wanted and slid my cock inside her hot cunt. She moaned when she felt my hard dick sliding between her pussy lips, her back arching high in the air and her eyes rolling back in her head. I spread her legs wide apart and started to hammer into her, feeling her cumming all over my dick in response. After fucking her like this for a while I took one of her legs over my shoulder and fucked her from the side as the sexy babe was lying down while I was standing up. She wanted my dick in her mouth, she grabbed it with her hands and sucked me off. I felt like I was in heaven as she did. She couldn’t get enough of my huge cock and she was blowing me like a real whore. We went to her bedroom where she threw me on the bed and started riding me! I loved feeling her tight pussy on my cock and things started getting more and more savage by the second. The hot naked babe rode me in all sorts of cowgirl positions and she loved taking my cock in each and every one of those positions. I made me fuck her doggy style, in missionary position, massage ger vagina with my dick deep and hard! After that, she said she wanted me to cum all over her face so I pulled my cock out and started cumming all over her. 