I couldn’t believe that out babysitter showed her pussy off on webcam and showed it to the entire internet. I guessed since she was such a slut on the internet she could be a bit of a slut for me as well. I came into the kitchen completely naked while the teenage girl was poking around the fridge. My wife was out of town so she wouldn’t cause any trouble. She got completely taken aback at first when she was me like this and it took quite a bit of arguing and convincing to force her to start giving me some of that hot teen pussy. The blonde babe was very reluctant but I know that actions speak louder than words so I picked her up and threw her on the kitchen table and spread her slutty legs wide apart. I wanted to taste that pussy, her excited female juice! I ripped off her white panties and started licking her pussy as I put her panties in her mouth. She quickly dropped the panties because she was moaning so much from all the pleasure she was receiving. The girl had the most beautiful pussy, so young, tender and so tasty! I licked her little clit with my tongue, it was amazing! The hot teen was still reluctant but at least now I had her horny enough to get my way with her with more than just pussy licking. I lied her on her back on the kitchen table and slid my cock in her mouth from that angle. The more time that passed the more she started acting like a complete slut and soon enough I was penetrating her throat with my cock. She loved it, I could tell from the very beginning and the look on her face that she wanted more. The teenage whore then went down to her knees and started blowing me really hard. The slut was sucking so well that I got even harder than I already was. I was so hard and her saliva was lubing me up so the only natural progression would be to fuck her. I spread her leg and put her on the kitchen chair and started shoving my cock inside her pussy. Her small titties started flapping around everywhere and her tight vagina felt amazing around my cock. I kept spreading her legs wider apart and pulled them up in the air as I was fucking her in that forward position and she loved it. The cunt was all about giving me the most out of her whoreish body so she let me do whatever I wanted to her.   I switched the position up a little bit and took off all of her clothes as well as I continued fucking her. I went harder and harder with every thrust and the young naked girl loved the way my hard throbbing cock felt in her innocent little pussy. The girl got a good dose of my cock as she couldn’t believe how thick it was and she kept asking for more and more. Our sexy babysitter then straddled me like a cowgirl and started riding me so well that I didn’t know how much longer I could go without cumming. Her slippery pussy felt amazing grasping my hard cock. FUCK ME! YES! the girl screamed as she came hard on my cock. I couldn’t get enough of that shaved blonde pussy and I wanted that tight cunt around my cock for as long as I could get it before she had to go home. I fucked the sexy naked girl hard from below as things got heated up and soon enough I was getting my cock so far up her pussy that I was hitting her womb pretty much. She enjoyed it a lot and eventually I put our slutty babysitter to her knees and jerked it off in front of her face until I came over it.