Sneaky sex fans make sure you don’t miss this video. This sexy girl needed help with her new laptop. Her father called one of his employees to help fix the computer. Her dad introduced the two lovebirds and the hot teen immediately started giving him the ‘fuck me’ eyes. The father then went to the kitchen which was only a bar away and she started getting down and dirty as soon as they sat their asses down. The guy tried to start fixing her laptop but soon figured out that the hot slut wanted something else fixed up. She started pushing her foot into his cock and her parent didn’t even notice. The father was too busy doing something in the kitchen and the babe started making out with him before falling back so her father wouldn’t catch her doing that. She took her skirt and panties off and forced the guy down and he started eating her pussy out. The dad looked over but couldn’t see his employee under the table gorging himself with the beauty’s pussy, and the babe told him that he went somewhere for a while and that he’ll be back as she was trying to contain her pleasure that was forming on her face from all the amazing eating out that she was receiving from the guy. After that, the babe got on her knees after her dad went out of the room and started sucking his cock really hard. She was sucking like a slut and he was pleased with every bob of her head. She was deepthroating him at one point and he started choking her hard and she loved it and took it down her throat like the whore that she is. She even used her perky tits to titty-fuck him! Eventually, all this sucking wasn’t good enough for them and the teens wanted to kick things up a notch so the hot slut went over to him and climbed on top of his lap. She had previously lubed his dick up really well with that blowjob and so the cock slid right inside her cunt and she started riding him in the reverse cowgirl position. She started off slowly but then sped up as things got hot and heavy. The hot teen was riding him like this for quite a while before he decided to switch things up and start fucking her mouth while she was lying down on the chair. She was getting a hot dose of cock inside her throat and he was going in really hard. He was pounding her lips with his cock and she enjoyed every bit of it. After that, he decided to bend her over and fuck her hard from behind. She loves doggy so she took up this offer immediately. She got her pussy devastated from that position and he put his tie around her mouth and gagged her while he fucked her. Her father was nowhere to be seen so the show had to go on.   The crazy slut was getting fucked really hard in this position and she absolutely wanted it to keep going. Her pupils were going to the back of her head and you could definitely tell that she was feeling a lot of pleasure at that moment. After that, the naked girl sucked his cock some more to get it all juiced up for what was to come. And what was to come is that she started riding him from the front this time around. She was riding him like a slutty little cowgirl, having one orgasm after another, squirting and she kept on wanting more and more. She then stopped riding and let him do the fucking as he rammed his cock up her pussy from below. The teens were fucking each other’s brains out while the computer updates were being installed! He kept going harder and harder and came all over her face right in front of his boss, her father!