I was filming my hot teen neighbor while she was in her backyard and I knew that she was under house arrest. She caught me spying on her and she was kind of pissed at first but afterwards she invited me to her backyard. The girl stabbed pieces of marshmallow with a stick and shoved it into the flames in the backyard! She hasn’t had sex in days and she’s feeling really thirsty at the moment. The teen slut needs some cock and she needs it right now. She went down to her knees and I pulled out my cock. The tiny teen girl was amazed by the size of the thing and she couldn’t wait to start sucking on it. She even noticed that my cock is bigger than her face which was adorable. The bitch then proceeded to put my cock in her slutty little mouth and started sucking on it like she was a prostitute and this was her job. She couldn’t help herself, she was just so aroused by my big cock that she had to take it all the way in her mouth. She had a lot of fun with it and she couldn’t contain herself so she had to go all out with all sorts of interesting techniques which made my dick feel like it was in heaven. The babe was taking my cock up her mouth that I started feeling her tonsils and then it went down her throat. She was deepthroating me like she was at a fuck fest and she couldn’t get enough of it. The teen slut was choking so hard on my dick and I felt like I was dominating her at every moment of it happening right then and there. She had to get a few seconds of breathing room before I shoved it in again so she didn’t really have a lot of time to recuperate. Her hand pumping in unison with her head, her other hand massaging my balls. We decided to go to the tent which she had outside and continue our fucking there. She took of her panties, lay on her back, spread her legs and shoved marshmallow in her pussy, clutching it with her pussy lips and told me to eat it out of her cunt! I swallowed the piece and continued eating her sweet teen pussy out. She then impaled her pussy on my rock hard penis, taking the entire length deep inside her vagina. I could feel her sucking me in. The hot teen started riding me, gritting her teeth and covering her mouth with her palm. She slammed herself down onto my hard cock. Her teen boobies with hard pink nipples were bouncing in front of my face. She turned over and kept slamming her hot teenage cunt onto my dick. I started fucking her really hard and she enjoyed every thrust that I send flying inside her. The small girl was feeling it so deep that she had to hold herself down so that she wouldn’t rock too much back and forth. While we were fucking though, her father walked by and came to find out what was going on. The slut was pushing her ass back onto me and she just couldn’t stop, she told me to keep going even though her dad could land her in a heap of trouble.   I started fucking her from behind and her tiny blonde body was rocking back and forth as she was enjoying her fuck session. I was penetrating her so hard and the teen was moaning along the way and I felt like I could do this all day because of how good I was feeling. We switched the position up a few more times. I was fucking her so hard up her tight pussy that she felt that her pussy was going to be sore after all of it but she didn’t care at all. Her pussy was swollen and shiny, clit was sticking out, the pussy lips were being stretched wide around the massive girth of my cock. Finally, when the teen slut had her orgasm and I was ready to blow I put her on her knees and she begam to suck me so hard and I came all over her pretty little face. Her father saw me cumming in her mouth and started yelling at her cause she didn’t have the right to have guys over! So, the babe was in trouble but she didn’t want to stop sucking and swallowing my dick!