I started arguing with my parents as I always do and I had to get away from it. I really didn’t have anywhere to go except for my amazing MILF neighbor who always lets me talk to her when I have trouble. Today though, she wants to do a bit more than just talking. She lets me tell her about my day and eventually she starts seducing me. I couldn’t believe what was going on, but she was wearing some really skimpy clothes so I really couldn’t say no to it. In addition the MILF had the biggest tits, purple hair and her whole body was covered with tattoos! She laid me back and began to kiss me passionately, her hand moving over my body to my dick. Her lips moved down my body, and as she took my hard dick in her mouth! Sex with milfs and mature girls always has turned me on. I had seen a lot of porn but I had never seen a girl sucking a dick like that. The sexy babe was sucking my cock really well and I enjoyed every moment of her slutty mouth salivating over my huge dick and my balls. She was amazed by the size too and she wanted more. I had to oblige her and so she started stripping right in front of me. If only my parents knew how lucky I got because they acted like assholes. The sexy woman took off her top and I got to see her amazing huge tits with pierced nipples. She also has tats covering her entire body and she simply looks stunning in every way imaginable. In addition to her tattoos, she had a clit piercing! The naked woman showed off her ass and pussy as well before continuing that blowjob from before. She rubbed her cunt, jerked me off, sucking, licking, deepthroating, running her tongue up and down ! After blowing me like a pornstar, she wanted to get some cock inside her cunt. Then she lay down on me, playing with my dick, kissing me passionately, I felt her lovely soft and warm big breast on my chest. I wanted her cunt, I just wanted to lick it, suck it and kiss it, she spread her legs and there I was eating her cunt out, her warm juices spreading over my face. I couldn’t stop licking her pussy. I found her clit and started to suck it, her body began to tremble in orgasm. “Oh my fuck yeah” she kept moaning as she came.   Then it happened, she squirted right in my face, I started to lick her wet pussy! It was awesome, I’ve seen a few squirting orgasms in porn. My dick couldn’t wait any more and the sexy babe couldn’t wait too. I shoved it inside her hot cunt and started fucking, pushing my dick deeper into her vagina, slow then deep and hard. The naked woman looked me in the eyes, massaging her big tits. I started squeezing her nipples! She loved it and didn’t’ complain for a second. After fucking her in that position for a while, she then bent over and let me fuck her from behind. I pounded her cunt, slamming against her ass cheeks. I felt she had one more squirting orgasm! Her cunt squirted with each my thrust deep into her. I squeezed her tits, her ass, fucking her even harder. FUCK ME… FUCK ME HARDER… OOHH YYESSSS I WANT MORE! After squirting all over my dick she rode me like a cowgirl. Her boobs were bouncing in front of my face and she squeezed them with her hands. The hot MILF slammed herself down forcefully, driving my huge cock deep into her horny body. “YES… GIVE ME YOUR CUM BABY, SHOOT THAT HOT CUM!”