Who could resist fucking a gorgeous black babe with huge tits? With a phat, phat ass? Apparently, her husband can and she is fed up with it. She can’t even masturbate let alone satisfy her fans through her books. Her erotic novels aren’t going to write themselves and she needs inspiration. Fortunately, inspiration comes knocking on the door in the form of a salesman. He asks her a couple of questions and he can see how desperate she is for some cock. She slowly reveals her gigantic tits through her sexy black lingerie and he can’t resist her anymore. Beautiful black babe with her gigantic tits and ass makes him as hard as a rock. His nice long cock basically jumps out of his pants. The look on her face says it all and she immediately goes for his dick. Her luscious lips surround his huge cock, at first slowly but gradually speeding up. She gets so into it she almost chokes on his dick, giving it her best, all the while looking up at you with her gorgeous blue eyes. Let’s not forget the balls either where she sucks them like candy. In order to repay her, he goes down on her beautiful black pussy, pleasuring her with his skilled tongue, making her scream. This romance writer was craving a big cock for so long he slid into her soaked pussy like it was butter. His long cock kept going in and out of her Ebony pussy when they switched into the doggy position. Her chocolate huge ass twerked on his white dick as he was enjoying the view. He then pushed her on the couch and started fucking her savagely. She was loving his dick so much that she squirted all over him. That was a sexy squirt! Then she went back down to please him with another enthusiastic sloppy blowjob. He just had to give her more dick so he started pounding her while her huge ass kept bouncing all over the place. That ass is absolutely perfect, it’s better than Kim K’s by a mile. I love her body..perfect fuckdoll build..big round bubble butt, huge knockers and dick suck lips. Don’t miss more scenes with Moriah, Brazzers gave her plenty of opportunities to exhibit her tantalising ebony curvaceous figure and her fucking abilities in the best porn scenes. 