This video is all about squirting, peeing and hardcore fucking, especially anal! This hot blonde slut and her man are total perverts, fetishists that are into dogging, the art of having hot outdoors sex in public. This pedestrian bridge that over crosses a Barcelona street is the perfect spot for the slut to get her juicy bubble butt exposed, her butt cheeks spread wide open while her guy tosses her salad, licking her tight little asshole while she moans and grunts. Doing it in a somewhat public place with the opportunity to be seen by others is a huge turn on for her! Her man licks her ass and her cunt from behind spreading her ass with his hands. Then he whips out his cock as she drops to her knees, sucking and stroking his meaty member. He fucks her mouth against the bridge’s fence. Leaning against it with her legs spread wide open, she gets finger banged by her man. He rubs his cock up and down her wet slit, turning her on so much. Her pussy is ready to squirt, you can hear the wet, squishy, sound from her dripping wet vagina. They make out and he keeps fingering her slit until this dirty little slut cums and starts gushing, squirting all over the place, drenching her knickers with her pussy juices. He fucks her cunt more with his hand, making the squirt again and again. She has one squirting orgasm after another outdoors! She’s squirting and peeing nonstop. The girl keeps peeing even through her panties! This girl is hot. She is fucking brilliant and she looks like a young Jessica Alba! The fun continues as they hop on their car and pull over the curb to ask this passerby for directions to Plaza Catalunya. While he directs them, she brings herself to orgasm again. This time squirting all over the poor unsuspecting dude! Satisfied with their antics, they call it a day and head back home. The sexy blonde teen spreads her legs wide open, squirting all over her man, right in his face. He licks all that squirt juice from her wet muff. Her big tits dangle from her top and he keeps her legs wide open, banging her hard so she can keep squirting with every orgasm. The slut wants his hard dick in her ass! He begins to pound her ass, making her squirt like mad! The way her juices squirt between their bodies with each his thrust deep into her ass is the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen! She really enjoys the anal! Down on all fours, he keeps fucking her gaping asshole, doggie style from behind and in other positions while this dirty slut just keeps squirting. Don’t forget to download this WONDERFUL buttfucking and squirting. 