The gorgeous white girl decides to move into her new home right after breaking up with her ex which has obviously left her scarred and vulnerable. But luckily enough for her repairman who has helped her move, this means free pussy. The man corners the frail bodied blonde and starts rubbing her tight little cunt and then her gorgeous pink nipples. The cutie doesn’t hesitate and uses her well trained hands to rubs on the hot hunks thick cock, but it is still trapped beneath his comfortable pair of jeans. She then lays down on the couch and spreads her amazing ass cheeks for the man who then proceeds to shove his tongue down her cute snatch and asshole but he prefers to keep his tongue on the asshole. The repairman spreads her cute little ass cheeks with both hands and licks her ass crack from her clit to her anus with his tongue. Instant erection.. Instant jerking.. They keep doing this until he decides to spread her cute long legs and then he goes down on her again and eats her tight wet little pussy. This girl has one of the prettiest pussies ever! She shakes and moans in pleasure and realizes she has to return the favor so the girl gets on her knees and sucks her partners low hanging balls and cock like its the last thing she will ever do. She is so amazing! Look at her blowing that cock! Absolutely loving her! When she is done her sweet puss is licked out once again before the hunk fills her little love tunnel with his beefy meat pole. This splendid girl keeps showing how much she loves to fuck by letting out some sweet sensational moans for her new sex partner. Having spontaneous sex with someone new is always amazing. Her guy finally gets a bit too tired though so he lays down on the couch but his cock is immediately gripped again by her tight pussy lips and she proceeds to ride him all the way. She is the best in dick riding, I really enjoy the way she rides his massive cock. She makes him fuck her again and again until he finally can’t hold back and he shoots thick white ropes of cum on her cute face.  