I love hanging out with my sister’s friend since we are both football fans and I am glad she showed up at our house to watch some football with me. She’s a super sexy brunette with a gorgeous body and big tits, I must confess that most of the time while we are watching the game, I get distracted checking out her big boobs and hot ass. She’s wearing a sexy top and skimpy shorts and we start fooling around with a football during halftime. Unfortunately, she hits me in the nuts with the ball and I’m in pain, man. She wants to make it feel better, massaging my balls over my pants and as she unzips me, she realizes I have a massive, raging erection. The sexy babe gets on her knees and starts licking my meat popsicle. I stand up as she deep throats my member, making sexy gagging sounds as she pushes it down her throat. I have never seen a girl sucking dick like that. She keeps shoving my dick far down her throat. Then the sexy babe did backbend, taking my dick in her mouth and keep sucking it in that gymnastic bridge position. She strips naked, showing me her delicious bubble shaped ass in those heavenly big tits. I waste no time, spreading her legs wide open and diving between them so I can eat her muff while she grabs her boobs in her hands. I’ve never eaten pussy before and I’m literally eating my first pussy for dinner, licking her wet slit, sucking her clit and lapping up all her juices. The hot naked babe squats on my dick in reverse cowgirl and rides my boner. My sister’s friend is older than me and much more experienced in sex, she rides my dick, slamming her perfect, round, bubble butt down onto my dick. She flips over and I grab her meaty ass and she makes it bounce up and down my lap while riding me. Between her big ass and tits and her gushing wet cunt, I have forgotten all about my aching balls and now I am just aching to blow my creamy load all over my sister’s best friend’s gorgeous big tits and her sexy face. I keep pounding her pussy in several different positions until busting a giant load in her mouth. I can’t wait until the next game to bang her again! 