After leading his beautiful redhead wife and blonde stepdaughter into prayer, this priest asks his stepdaughter to stay in their bed for a couple of nights while they renovate her bedroom. Night comes and he finds himself reading, with his wife asleep on the other side and his stepdaughter between them. The sexy teen girl is wearing a pink pajama top and tiny white cotton panties. As much as he tries to resist and distract himself from the view of her cute ass, her succulent snatch, the priest can’t resist the temptation of tasting his stepdaughter’s pussy. Sinning, he finds himself passing his finger up and down her slit, over the cotton fabric, and pulling it aside as her delicious pink pussy burger is exposed. Her young, wet, pink pussy is gorgeous! He stops as she tosses and turns in her sleep. Now she’s face up and with her legs spread wide open, making it even easier for him to pull her panties aside and play with her cunt. He unbuttons the sleeping girl’s pajama top, exposing her delicious small breasts with her pierced nipples. His fondling of her breasts awakens her and he places his hand over her mouth and starts sucking on her left nipple, which gets instantly erect at the touch of his lips and tongue. The young girl feels his hands on her crotch and separates her legs, an open invitation for her step daddy to continue playing with her right next to her sleeping mommy. He goes on her, tasting the sweet juices that her flowing from her open slit. The pervy priest whips out his cock from under his pajama. It’s already throbbing hard as he puts it near her mouth and the teen girl takes it in her soft hands, sucking and stroking her stepfather’s erection obediently. It feels so warm inside her mouth, pulsating, growing bigger and harder as she plays with it. Once she has it lubricated with her saliva, he gently pushes it inside her cunt, spreading her pussy lips wide open as he penetrates and starts fucking his very own stepdaughter, right next to her sleeping mother, his wife. She has to put her hand over her mouth, trying not to moan. They were able to get from cocksucking all the way to pussy penetration without even a chance of mom getting woken up. He grabs her left tit and squeezes it hard while he increases the rhythm of his thrusts, grunting softly and enjoying the aroused expression on his lovely stepdaughter’s face. She keeps her legs spread wide open with her hands while feeling her stepfather’s big cock pounding her muff. They stop for a brief moment, as her mother tosses and turns in bed.   If the mom were to wake up they would being so much trouble! Fortunately, her naked mom sleeps like a rock and there’s just no way she’s going to wake up, no matter how hard that bed’s rocking while they fuck right next to her! He lies flat on his back while his beautiful step daughter removes her panties and straddles herself on top, pushing his big fat cock back inside her little pussy and grinding that gorgeous bubble butt against his crotch, riding him in cowgirl position. He grabs her ass and her waist, pushing her burning hot naked body against his own. Having his cock inside his stepdaughter’s pussy is a heavenly sensation! His hands are all over her, on her breasts, on her face, his fingers in her wet mouth so she can suck them while he feels all that hot cum boiling inside his balls and ready to explode. He doesn’t even pull out when he does so, cumming inside his stepdaughter’s pussy and leaving an oozing creampie dripping from her slit. This priest came in the young girl’s pussy and told her to go to sleep.