I’m taking a hike in the forest when I found this blonde cutie just out walking and I couldn’t resist approaching her. She’s wearing a sexy blouse and skimpy denim shorts. The teen has long legs and a hot body. I can tell by her accent that she’s a foreigner and her really long hair falling way below her cute ass is making my dick hard as I follow her down the trail. The sexy teen is playing hard to get but I know I just have to offered the right amount of cash for a taste of that hot ass! I don’t waste any time. I tell her I would like to see her breasts and she acts all surprised and shocked but after telling her how much cash I will give her, she gives me a glimpse. The sexy young girl had small tits with pierced nipples. Beautiful! I love slutty chicks with piercings. I offer her more cash for a blowjob, so the hot blonde gets on her knees, taking my big fat cock in her soft hands, massaging it while she swallows it all the way down to my balls. These teens are young but already know how to give head! Shi is sucking my dick so good with into small mouth, kissing and teasing the head of my cock with her tongue, licking my scrotum, looking into my eyes. She is a perfect teen slut, innocent-looking, soft, lean, tender. Her tight young pussy is in desperate need of a big dick! I tell her to strip for me. She does, spreading her ass cheeks with both hands and exposing me everything, her asshole and her vagina! My dick was ramrod hard from the show and oozing a constant stream of precum from watching the young girl’s pussy. Then I bend her over a big tree, standing with her legs spread wide open, pushing my hard cock inside her wet cunt. I can feel the resistance of her pussy muscles clenching onto my dick. The feeling of her warm pussy and her bare ass against me were indescribable. I grab her ass and begin fucking her very hard from behind. I like the way she moans softly while I am giving it to her. I lie down and the perfect naked girl squats on top of me, grabbing my cock as she sits on it and rides me in cowgirl position. Her tiny pierced tits jiggle with each thrust and she loves it! Then she switches to reverse, showing me that beautiful round ass. Outdoor sex is the best! I just want to blow my load all over her pretty face! 