I’ve been going out with this sexy petite teen slut for a week now and I finally have her at my place, wearing a sexy outfit and ready to get fucked by my massive cock. I press her against my body, kissing her soft lips while reaching between her legs, massaging her gushing cunt over her panties. I can feel the cotton fabric already drenched with her flowing pussy juices. This sexy girl is so ready to go. She gets down on her knees, grabbing my throbbing cock in her hands and measuring it against her forearm, amazed with how big it is. The fact that she can barely fit my huge cock in her mouth doesn’t make this cute teen slut stop as she does her best to deep throat my member. I even put a fidget spinner and make it spin over the tip of my dick while she’s licking the underside of my shaft and dick head. The tiny girl stuffs her cock hungry mouth with my premium dick meat and gobbles it all up, cramming as much cock as she can down her throat. She face fucked my dick like a pornstar, working my cock from her lips to her throat for ten minutes. After leaving my dick drenched with her saliva, I lie flat on my back and let this tiny bitch straddle up on top, squatting over my erection and pushing it inside her tight muff. Fuck, I can feel her pussy stretching out as I make my way in. This pussy is tight! I grab her hair, pulling her head back as I plow her cunt and she just moans “Yes, yes, yes…” I grip her little ass with my hands, I kiss and suck on her titties, I fuck her hard, my balls slamming against her ass. The tiny naked girl rides my dick fast and hard, slamming herself down on me. She flips over, placing her hands over my chest and arching back as she pushes her hips up and down, riding me in reverse cowgirl. “Ohhh!” she moans when I plug balls deep into her tight pussy, her body is stretched around my thick cock. She can feel my balls slapping against her clit. The pink choker around her neck completes her whore look and I put this slut on a Full Sex Nelson, locking it up and giving her pussy the most hardcore pounding it has ever received. She gets down on her hands and knees, pushing her juicy bubble butt back up against my hard cock, wiggling and twerking it.   With a sudden thrust of my hips I drive my huge hard cock into her little cunt.