Since I work in the porn industry, I see all kinds of teen girls walk through these doors. But today was special because in comes the tiniest chick you can imagine. She was gorgeous, red hair with green eyes, just the way I like them. What was striking about her was how short and slim she was, almost like a doll. What goes through my head immediately is how easy it would be to fuck her in all kinds of positions, especially ones where I can pick her up. She greets me shyly and says that she dreams of becoming a pornstar. I told her she came to the right place and that she should start undressing so we can start her porno debut. The sexy teen starts taking her clothes off, and I can finally see her tits. They are gorgeous, small with little pink nipples. Her ass was perky as well, and I couldn’t wait to pound it. I unbuckled my pants as the girl went down on her knees. My monster cock jumped out of my pants, and she couldn’t believe how huge it was. I could see it on her face that she was nervous about my gigantic cock, wondering if it will fit in her mouth let alone her pussy. She grabbed it and started slowly licking it, adjusting her mouth to the size of my dick. Her tongue felt amazing against my tip and soon I was feeling it against my entire shaft. In order to swallow my cock she had to choke on it a bit, which I adore and it just made me that much hornier. I grabbed her hair and started face fucking her hard. The poor slut could barely take it and she kept choking on it. After a great blowjob, I took the tiny naked girl to the couch where she bent her legs behind her head like a gymnast. I was surprised to see how flexible she was and glad at the same time cause now I knew I would be able to do all that I fantasized about. Her tiny pussy was waiting for me to penetrate it with my monster cock and I slowly slid in. Her eyes raised to meet mine as my dick popped through her vaginal entrance. I can’t even describe how tight it felt to be inside, her pussy was squeezing my dick with such force I thought I was going to cum just from that. Instead, I wanted to feel her even more so I pushed my cock all the way until the end and started thrusting hard. I was pounding her savagely and she was ecstatic. Her moans were getting louder and louder, which made me fuck her even harder. I could see her stomach went up and down as I pushed in and out. I could feel her almost virgin pussy pulsating around my dick.   It looked so good and tight, so nice, stretched tight around my fat dick. I asked her if this was the biggest cock she ever had, and of course she said yes. She wanted to try it in different positions so we switched to doggy. From that position I got a nice view of her tight little ass and I couldn’t wait to shove my cock back into her. I immediately started pounding her hard again since now I knew her tight pussy could surprisingly take it. I love looking at my monster cock spread her tiny pink pussy up to her asshole. After that, I picked the naked girl up and held her up in the air while fucking her. She was so small and light I felt like I could fuck her like this for hours. I kept impaling the petite girl on my cock like a rag doll and she kept screaming. Then I sat on the couch and she got on top of me into the reverse cowgirl position. Up and down, the naked girl pounded her ass down on me as her little pussy tightened its wet warm walls around my dick. I grabbed her tiny waist to keep her in place while I kept savagely pounding her tiny pussy.