One day, I find my stepsister in the bathroom brushing her teeth wearing only a shirt and panties. She was incredibly sexy and I have always fantasized about fucking her brains out. So I decided to grab that big tight ass much to her surprise. I think the idea of being caught by our parents is extremely hot so I start rubbing my fingers over her hairy pussy. She protests but I know I can make her beg me for more. I slide a finger inside and can feel how tight she is, almost as if she was a virgin. The look on her face tells me how much she likes me exploring her with my fingers. My sister has the most perfect bush I’ve ever seen and I like hairy pussies. We hear a noise so she panics and kicks me out of the bathroom. I knew I would get another opportunity to tease her and a couple of days later it arrives. She comes into the living room feeling down. Says her friends are teasing her for being a virgin. The girls all laughed at her because she never gave a blowjob before. I tell her she can practice on me. I pull out my already hard cock and she is shocked to see how huge it is. She tells me she doesn’t know how to do it so I encourage her to try her best. Her lips touch the tip of my cock and she starts slowly licking it. It felt a bit inexperienced so I advise her that if she doesn’t know how to suck a dick she should just let the dude face fuck her. And that’s exactly what I did. I felt a bit sorry for going so hardcore on her, shoving my huge dick deep down her throat, watching her choke on it, but then again I was loving it. I was surprised to see how much saliva she was producing and it just made it so much better. It was a proper sloppy face fuck and she was actually getting better at sucking it. I could see it in her eyes that she actually loved my huge cock inside her tiny little mouth. Suddenly I realized that I was cumming in her mouth! My sister had never tasted cum before and she was in shock! Later she came in my bedroom, she said she wanted me to pop her cherry! She got between my legs, raised her nightie and slowly lowered herself on my huge dick. It was incredibly tight and I could feel my cock stretching her insides. My slutty sister was fucking me! Her hips were thrusting up and down my hard cock! I watched her amazing big ass jiggle as her recently virgin cunt was swallowing my dick. The new sensations filling her hot wet cunt driving my sister to take my cock further into her. Then we switched to missionary where I drilled into her tight wet pussy so hard she was screaming. It felt so good to fuck her, to feel her pussy squeezing my dick. I had to take a look at her gorgeous ass again so I pulled her into doggy where I kept fucking her savagely, watching her meaty butt bounce in every direction. I simply couldn’t get enough of that tight teen pussy. “I’m gonna cum in your tight pussy! Are to ready for your first cum?” The heat of my cum intensified her own climax, wave after wave of my cum erupted deep inside her vagina. 