I was hired by some parents tutor this babe in some basic piano and so I made my way over to their place. They were away and so I got to be there alone with her. She started practicing and soon enough I noticed that she’s got other inclinations as well. I started rubbing her shoulders behind her back as she got more excited. I could tell from the heat of her body that the teenage girl wanted something more than just a piano lesson. I put my hand on her breast and she didn’t protest. I tried to stroke her tits over her dress and even her thigh. I knew that I could go even further but I managed to contain myself cause her parents are paying me after all. I went to the kitchen to get a glass of water and as I was returning I’ve noticed that the music stopped. The girl stopped practicing so I peeked the corner to see what’s going on and the slut was stroking her pussy right there on the piano chair. I went in and confronted her and she was so ashamed of herself. She was so ashamed in fact that she was ready to do anything that I wanted. I went in front of her and she started touching my cock over my trousers and I couldn’t help but get hard from this. Soon enough the horny little slut pulled my cock out after unzipping my trousers and started playing piano with my dick. Then the hot teen opend her mouth and put it there. She was sucking my cock so well and I couldn’t help myself but enjoy it. I knew that it was wrong that I was taking the family’s money so that their daughter would suck my dick but I didn’t really care at this point and I wanted to take things even further. I undressed her completely and threw her dress away as she continued sucking on my cock. The feeling was fantastic but I wanted to taste her young pussy too. I went under her and told her to lie down. She did so and I started licking her pussy and asshole. I started off with a rimjob and she seemed to love it. The wet feeling of my tongue around her anus simply made her wet and I was in for a mighty fine treat if I kept this up. I then started sucking on her pussy and licking it with very intense and sensual strokes of my tongue. I could see everything, her clit, her vagina, her anus, all her private parts were in front of my face. Analingus and cunnilingus are my specialty! There is nothing better than feeling your tongue slide back and forth between her ass cheeks! She seemed to be really into it too and eventually it was all about her getting horny to the point of needing a cock inside that pussy. The naked girl turned around and slid my cock inside her tight pussy as she started riding me reverse cowgirl style.   She started off slow but started going harder and faster as time went on. It didn’t’ take long for her to start bouncing like a true whore and I was feeling the true extent of the sensation that she was providing me with. She even started slapping her ass because of how kinky she was. The teen girl had the best ass I have ever seen! The slut was twerking her ass cheeks, slapping herself and pumping her ass up and down my shaft. I told her to turn around and start riding me like a cowgirl hoe. She did as I pleased and started bouncing on my cock like one of those bouncing balls at the fair. The teen whore was taking my cock really hard and so I decided to help her out by starting to fuck her from beneath her. The young naked girl was taking my huge cock so hard and eventually sucked on it till I was ready to cum inside her mouth.