I was just minding my own business, lifting some weights when my stepdaughter came into the room. She was all shy and nervous for some reason and then she mentioned that I have a huge dick. I couldn’t help but think about fucking her when she said that so I got her to help me with my workout. I was doing push-ups above her when she finally kissed me and I knew there was no turning back from there. I got her on the bed, took off her shorts and went straight for her gorgeous teen pussy. She tasted so sweet and I put my fingers to work too, feeling her tight pussy from the inside. I didn’t even know how my gigantic dick was going to fit. But first she prepared my cock by sucking it off. Her cute teen mouth went first for my balls giving them a nice lick. Then she slowly put it in her mouth trying to somehow fit my huge dick. She was really determined to taste my entire cock even if it meant that she would choke on it. I really wanted to feel how tight she is so I pushed her on the bed and put it in. I spread her to her limits and I can’t even describe the feeling. She was taking it like a trooper so I sped up a bit and went really hardcore on her. Her pussy was shaved and there was a pubic hair triangle that I love so much. Then the teen slut climbed on top of me into reverse cowgirl and I got a gorgeous view of her cute tight ass too as I was drilling into her. The feeling was really intense and I wanted it to last as long as possible. We switched from cowgirl to doggy, fucking her tight little body harder and deeper. I spread her small ass cheeks and looked at her asshole, awesome! This is when I realized I was cumming deep inside my teen step daughter with each thrust! “You are cumming in me!” she could feel everything as I came again and again, one shot after another and soon enough it was squirting out of her pussy. “Ohhh! P… p… please stop! Please… d…don’t! Not… not inside MMMEEE!!! don’t make me p… pregnant!” The knowledge that she had never been on birth control, and I might impregnate her drove me to pound her even harder. She was also cumming now, the combination of my hard cock and me cumming in her sent her over the edge. 