I walk into the living room and there I find my gorgeous MILF in a skimpy white dress sprawled on the couch masturbating. What can be better than a horny woman ready to have some fun? All my friends envy me. There are not limits and borders for mature women, these MILFs will do anything! This is why I love older women. I watch her slide her fingers down her already wet pussy when she came to me, dropped down on her knees and started unbuckling my pants. I wasn’t about to stop her, so she took out my dick and kissed it sensually. Then she licked it all the way across my shaft and didn’t exclude the balls either. I just stood there enjoying a wonderful blowjob watching her beautiful face bob up and down. She sucked my dick so good, teasing me with her lips and tongue. I sat on the couch while she took off her clothes. The beautiful naked woman switched to a handjob with the help of her amazing big tits. There is nothing like watching your huge cock disappear between a nice pair of jugs. She swallowed more of my dick, looking up at me with her blue eyes. We decided to continue in the bedroom where she climbed on top of me and slowly let herself down on my already throbbing cock. Her amazing tits are in front of mmy face, I can feel her nipples against my chest. The horny MILF is kissing me, her tongue cautiously testing my lips. She began to pump her hips up and down on my dick. She rode me like a pro, moving her entire body so she could feel everything, from the tip of my cock down until my balls. I put my hands on her hips trying to pull her down harder on each stroke. Then the sexy blonde bent backwards and I had a nice view of her beautiful waxed pussy being penetrated by my cock. She turned around into reverse cowgirl and really worked for it, lowering herself on my dick hard and fast. I helped her by drilling into her which she loved. We switched into the missionary position where I could grab her gorgeous tits while continuing to slide in and out of her tight little pussy. Her moans really turned me on and I kept fucking her until I couldn’t take it anymore and gave her my giant load. 