My friend was super nervous about getting a tattoo on her tits after being dumped by her girlfriend and asked to visit tattoo salon with her. She wanted a tattoo on her tits. And on her back too. Though, things weren’t too comfortable when she got there. She reached down on the couch, and the girl who does tats over there got her to undress, which wasn’t too problematic. Though, when she got the needle down on her titties, my friend started squirming and yelling and decided that she couldn’t do it. Then she turned her over, helped her to remove her panties and started to do the tat on her butt first. But this didn’t work either because my friend started squirming again and convincing the girl in the tat salon not to do it. And this is where things started getting exciting! The sexy blonde decided to help my friend to relax, she started getting seriously close to her and then before you could even see it. Her hand was on her pussy. As soon as she touched her, her entire body started to shiver with pleasure, and the young naked girl moaned like a little slut. She rubbed her clit for a bit until she decided to go hard on the salon owner. The experienced salon owner got on the table and spread her cheeks for my friend and then she took all her clothes off. She dove head first into her ass and started licking her out nicely. Nothing could stop the lesbian slut from taking her juicy cunt in her mouth! She was teasing her cunt with her finger inside her delicious pussy. Her juices flowing from her hot pussy, down to her thighs. The shop owner wanted her young pussy too. The naked girls were licked each other out like crazy lesbians in a porn movie. My naked friend rode her fice and the lesbian sucked her little pussy into her mouth making hot, noisy, wet sounds and swallowing her sweet juices. The young girl put her legs over her shoulders, pulling the lesbian slut’s hair to get her mouth to her pussy! Then the lesbians rubbed each other’s wet pussies against each other really hard. The sexy babe began to really grind her wet cunt against the girl’s pussy while she grinded against her in return, fondling her big breasts with one hand. Their mutual orgasm lasted forever! The naked girls made love until they both came really hard. 