I walked into my step sisters room like I usually do when we chill around in the house when our parents are at work and we’re all alone. Though, this time it was a bit different as I was really horny. I knew that she was too. I felt it in the air, but then I also got actual evidence for it, because when I actually came in my naked sister was rubbing her soft little pussy like crazy. The sexy naked girl looked at me with lust in her eyes and I knew what was going to happen for sure. I approached her and she couldn’t resist my big hard throbbing cock waving in front of her cute face and she just had to start sucking on it, like it was some sort of lollypop. He rmouth felt amazing but I wanted her little pussy! I bent my sister over and kept her legs really close and stuck my tongue out to get a nice first taste of her cock hungry wet pussy. I started eating it out like never before, and it felt just amazing. I was caressing her labia like a real champ. I have to admit I was very hungry for pussy, and I wasn’t relying on my sole need to pleasure my little sister to keep me going through this entire thing. It was quite tasty, I loved how the pussy juices felt when they came in contact with my tongue. I kept licking faster and faster while she shook and moved her hips seductively, asking me not to move my head from there, because she was obviously enjoying every single moment of cunnilingus. Though, I had to move away because I really wanted to ram my fat throbbing cock inside her little pussy, and so I did. I laid her down on her back and I started shoving my dick inside her pussy gently, because she was obviously not stretched out. My step sister was tight as hell, just how I love it. Then again, everyone loves tight pussy, right? I started off slowly because she seemed to be in pain, but she definitively loved it more than any other girl that I’ve had sex with before her. I gradually started speeding with my thrusting and I could see that she was digging it. She groaned in reply, his dick slamming deep into her womb. “Uh, fuck!” I began to fuck her harder, stretching her little pussy with every thrust.   I wanted a clear view of her gorgeous ass, so I flipped the young naked girl over and started groping her ass cheeks. Squeezing them harder and harder while I maintained eye contact with my bitch so that I could see if she was ready for what I was about to do to her. I moved her a bit and rammed my big cock inside her yet again and began thrusting in and out pumping her insides like never before. I couldn’t keep my eyes off her gorgeous little titties as they bounced while my tool was going in and out of her petite body. Then I let her get on top of me and we reverse cowgirl’d until we both came. I let my sexy sister cum all over my cock enjoying the feeling of her spasming cunt channel massaging it. I came in her hot mouth and she hungrily swallowed all of my sweet cum!