Each time my stepsis goes to tan I come close and wank it while watching her unbelievably hot body. I haven’t got caught so far, but today I accidentally pulled the plug out of the wall and her tanning booth got turned off. She opens her eyes and there I was, standing there with a dick in my hand. I got panicked and started to pull my pants back up, but my stepsis got really horny as I explained that the only reason I was doing this is that I think she’s smoking hot. She came close to me and started pulling my pants down again. My heart started reaching really fast as her mouth was approaching dick. Suddenly, I went into a transcendental state of ecstasy as her lips were slowly wrapping around my dick and as her tongue started making it all wet. My slutty sister began to provoke me with her beautiful eyes and her sexy attitude so much that I got the biggest wish to pull her up and fuck the shit out of her! But, I so how much the little slut likes gagging on that thing and I let her play with it for a while. That’s when she got up, looked at me with those sexy eyes, turned around and implicitly demanded to be fucked like a little whore. It was my time to shine, so I grabbed my dick, positioned it between her wet pussy lips and started fucking her cunt slowly. As I was increasing the speed, she started moaning and taking really deep breaths, so I knew I was on the right path. My sister wanted me to stimulate her pussy in yet another hot position. That’s when I pulled her, turned her over, spread her legs and started inspecting her beautiful warm snatch with my dong. She held herself by her white bed and screamed like a little bitch as I was penetrating her faster and faster. As much as she loved to fuck in this way, she felt a big urge to take matters into her own hands and show me some moves. I laid down on the massage table and it was her turn to ride me. The young naked girl got on top of me and started sliding on my dick, up and down very slowly. That’s when she suddenly started jumping on it as some cock-hungry slut with her sexy little tits bouncing in front of me. After a while, my hot naked sister turned around and stood on her feet while riding me in the opposite direction with that stunning round ass just in front of her. I helped her by pounding her hard from below and she really loved it. She screamed and moaned louder with each passing minute and the moment to finish her off was approaching. I felt the spasm in her cunt, so I jumped up and shot a big load of cum on her slutty face. 