We all wanted to be this lad. You probably fantasized at some point about a hot doctor (nurse) is way too horny to hold back so she immediately had to strip and let any man fuck her, right? Well, this dude gets to live out this fantasy and you only get to watch. For now. So this gorgeous young doctor walks into the room and she decides to fuck this guy because he was lucky enough to be selected as a step subject for this psychological study about what types of porn do men like. Seriously though, this girl was willing to do anything to make him cum. The hot doctor stripped in front of him, she bared her titties and spread her cheeks after lifting her coat up and it looked delicious. The guy sure enjoyed it, too. She is such a cute, natural, beautiful woman. He probably had a thing for glasses, too, because he got hard in seconds. Literally. So she stripped down completely and got down on her knees and started sucking on his cock. Damn, Adriana must be one of the best Deep Throat artists in porn. Love this! so sloppy..the world will run out of water but this slut will still produce gallons of spit. After drooling all over it like an absolute slut, she decided to suck on his nuts. She looks hot as hell getting teabagged too. Hell, she even rimmed him a bit but he wasn’t a fan of that. He bent the girl over and pushed her down to the bed and started pounding her pussy. The man couldn’t hold back and he made sure she was pinned down properly and he started pumping her pussy and filling it up with his massive throbbing cock. The naked doctor moaned in pain and pleasure as his big cock hit her cervix, but she also smiled. The guy knew what he was doing, obviously. Then he kept on fucking her but he choked her while he did it, too. DAMN that girl can hold and swallow a cock no mater the size. She wanted to ride a bit so she got on top of him again and while he fucked her shaved pussy she begged him not to pull out. He even put his entire hand inside her mouth after that. She a horny beasty. After that, he made her squirt. Twice. They kept fucking and the slut kept squirting! Adriana is a sexual machine! Adriana should get a porn award for this hardcore scene and all these squirting orgasms. Love watching her spray cum and I need a doctor like her! This girl is not only gorgeous and talented but she is willing to do almost anything on camera! No one gives so much passion and energy. What a perfect woman. At the end the horny doctor swallowed his cum and rubbed it all over her face. 