Marley is a slutty girl and not everyone knew this. To the outside world, she looked like your average schoolgirl and no one suspected a thing. But the shy and innocent schoolgirl had her dirty secret because after school she fucked her gym teacher. Honestly, no girl could really blame her. The teacher was an absolute stud. He looked amazing, she was fit, and he was older than her, and a lot of young girls seem to like that. The sweet high school girl walks over to the corner, wearing a short skirt and her bookbag, and waits for her lover. The coach seems a bit nervous and wants to get out of there before anyone from school sees them together. The pervert teacher grabbed the back of her head and shoved it down into his lap to keep her out of sight. Of course the teen slut couldn’t help pulling his dick out and sucking it. He got his student down into his apartment and after some chit-chat, they got right down to having sex. The cutie was picked up by the burly man and he carried her over to the bedroom where he would make sure her pussy and mouth were properly used. He put the tiny girl on the bed and he kneeled so she could suck on his cock like a good little girl. She was drooling all over the place but this honestly didn’t fuck the entire experience up because this old man likes having some nasty sex. The naked girl laid back on the bed and spread her legs. Her gym teacher ate her sweet pussy passionately and sucked on her clit while he did so. The girl was moaning in pleasure but she wasn’t all serious about this entire thing and the tattooed cutie actually got a hold of his whistle he always had with himself and she blew it like she blew him beforehand. He came to a conclusion that he wasn’t disciplining her properly and he started licking her out better and harder, while he did so he fingered her as fast as he could to make sure that his little girl would cum as soon as possible. Then he changed her position up a bit and started pumping her cute little pussy as hard as he could and made sure her legs were properly spread.   The high schoolgirl was moaning and squirming as the coach did because his cock was obviously too much to handle. She got him to lay down this time and her titties were all up in his face because she wanted to ride him hard as fuck. Her gorgeous fat ass was bouncing up and down while she rode him hard. He made sure to have a tight grip on her cute body while he was pounding her so that his strokes would be as consistent as possible. He kept fucking her hard until, poumding her moist pussy hard and deep. The girl got down between his legs again and she sucked on his thick cock for as long as she could and then she made sure that his balls were licked properly, too. The stud then rolled the young naked girl over on her back and started pounding her pussy yet again, both of her legs were in the air again but he was choking her this time. He gripped her throat as hard as possible without hurting the girl and kept a nice grip until he made her cum. The coach shoots his load in her mouth and leaves a creamy mess all over her face. This is even better than 3 months summer vacation.