This brunette milf is a freak who is also a clean freak. She hates it when someone makes her glass table smudgy and that’s exactly what this cute looking blonde schoolgirl did. She is a friend of the milf’s stepdaughter and she is innocent in all of this but as it turns out, the milf had other plans on her mind. She got all pissy and angry that the blonde sat on the table, so she got a bit aggressive with her. She made her clean the table and since her ass was up in the air, the milf had the urge to smack that ass. Not too hard but just enough that the step daughter hears her. She stopped what she was doing and she was appalled that her friend was getting ass smacked by her stepmom. The milf got even crazier, she took advantage of her opportunity to teach these dirty little girls a lesson. The mom tore off their panties, tore their pantyhose too and made the teens lick each other’s pussies clean! She made her step daughter eat her friend’s pussy since she was the one who brought her here. The sexy blonde got on her knees, the mom spread her juicy ass cheeks and pushed her daughter’s face between them right into her ass crack, to lick her asshole! The girl had never licked an ass before and this scene looks amazing! Two teen schoolgirls forced to have lesbian sex, awesome! This is the virst time the girls have sex with each other and the mom has to teach them hot to eat pussy properly. With all these boobs and asses flying around, the milf took the liberty to take her clothes off and join in on the lesbo threesome fun. The teen girls were having so much fun, rimming their ass, licking pussy, kissing and fingering their cunts. The milf took her stepdaughter’s bra and clothes off and she mashed on her firm boobies as the girl was eating her friend’s ass. So much filth was going on that the milf had to have her fun. The three naked girls took the couch and started fucking, properly. The woman was on top, getting her pussy eaten as the young naked girls were scissor fucking each other.   Their clits were getting hotter and more aroused by the minute and the threesome was becoming a full-blown lesbian orgy if it can be called that. When two girls rub their wet pussies together and get each other off with clit-on-clit stimulation is the sexiest thing ever. I love scenes with tribbing. Then, the milf got a full licking service from her stepdaughter as her pussy was getting licked by her friend. Love seeing three naked girls having sex, pleasuring each other with their mouths. As this was going on the milf was the general who was dealing directions to the teen lesbians as to how to eat the pussies properly. The girls took her lessons to heart and all three of the ladies got to explode with strong orgasms that weren’t supposed to happen, but since the milf’s table was smudgy, something needed to give! Lesbian seduction, anal play, pussy licking, scissors, mother/daughter lesbian sex, this is one of the hottest lesbian scenes on RK in quite a while. Love it.