So I was playing around with this cute petite Russian girl while she was trying to hit me and shit. I mean she loved boxing, though she didn’t have the body for it for sure, she was a petite and tiny skinny girl. Anyway, her crop top was a bit too short (depends on the perspective, if you ask me it was short enough) and her titties fell out. I mean, no man can say that he would mind such a thing. I gripped her narrow waist and I could feel her guts. We fooled around a bit but then the sexy teenage girl got down on her knees and started sucking my cock a bit. She sucked it like a real slut, all sloppy. She was horny as hell and I could feel it. The thing I really liked about her is that she was really small. Not small as in “she looked like a kid”, but small as in “god this pussy is going to grip on my cock so well”. I lifted her up with ease and got her all up on my shoulders and started licking her cute little pussy. It smelled really nice. I really couldn’t feel her weight while she was sitting on my shoulders and it was absolutely amazing. I was so sure that I had to flip her a bit so that we could do some sixty-nine in the air, and so we did it. I was super horny so I licked her pussy and tongue fucked her vagina too. Her small pussy was so tight that I wasn’t sure that I could ever get my big cock in it. Nevertheless I laid down on the bed and I decided that her pussy was ready for my thick cock. If I didn’t prepare her properly I would have torn her apart with it. Gotta think about safety. She laid on my body and I pounded her so hard that she could barely breathe. The young naked girl was about to find out how wide her tiny pussy could stretch as she got filled and pounded with the biggest cock she had ever seen! With all my powerful cock I pounded her little pussy, stretching it out and she liked it, that made me want to fuck her harder and harder. We fucked like this the entire day. The cute naked girl was flipped, twisted, and bent in whatever position it took to get her pretty face glazed in cum! 