The entire thing kicks off with me spying on my girlfriend and following her into the bathroom where she really wasn’t going to bathe or take a piss or do any of the regular shit people do when they go there, ya know. I felt that. Pheromones in the air and shit. Either way, she got into the bathtub which was already filled with warm water and she started feeling her body up here and there. She was gripping her cute little titties and squeezing her nipples like she was trying to milk a cow. Then she moved onto rubbing her pussy but then I got a bit too loud and bit too big and she noticed me. My girlfriend used to say that she HAS NEVER MASTURBATED and now I saw her touching her pussy under the water. She was a bit upset at first, but then she realized how pointless this was, so she decided to have a little fun with me because I got hella horny really quick. That’s what I meant when I said I got a “bit too big”. Anyway, my naked girlfreind got down on her knees for me and started sucking on my big cock sloppily, like a real slut. She really couldn’t get enough of it, and she kept looking into my eyes through the entire thing, I didn’t mind that one bit though. I loved defiling her cute little mouth. Then we moved onto vaginal sex because we couldn’t really wait. She laid on her back and spread her splendid legs for me and I made my way inside her tight wet pussy. She could barely fit all of me in her little pussy. We fucked like this for a bit but the position got a bit too boring for me so we decided to spice it up and she got on top of me and she rode my cock. I had to fuck my girl properly to make her stop masturbating. I began fucking her so hard that she had the first orgasm in a few minutes. She was convulsing so hard with orgasm that I could hardly move my dick back inside of her cunt. I kept pounding her cunt, slamming her tiny body, her ciltty now almost vibrating with excitement, juices flowing freely down her thighs, her orgasms were brutally intense! I pounded her pussy all over our apartment until I busted a nut. SHe sucked my dick until there was not cum left. 