After a few years of absolute isolation from literally all girls out there I finally got to see my sister’s sexy friend. While I was in the marines I was making sure to treat my body like a temple so that it got all ripped and my muscle mass was on max. Anyway, today my sister’s friend Hannah came over, dressed like an absolute slut. My sister might not have been home but her good looking brother was and I could entertain this young blonde slut while waiting for my sister. Beautiful sexy little blonde looked cute as hell in her tiny shorts as she skipped into the living room. The little slut started feeling up my muscles and even complimented me on them and I soon realized what she wanted to do. The young teenage girl started stripping down in front of me and her body was stunning. I couldn’t find a single bad thing on it. A skinny petite girl with a perfect cute little ass, amazing tummy and the most beautiful pussy, bald and so sweet, tender… mmm nice face and little titties! Later on, we got the lube and the lotions out and we made sure her entire body was slippery so that mind would slide perfectly against hers. The cute naked girl even teased her lovely pussy on the massage table with a vibrator and her pussy got all wet. Then the sexy blonde got down on her knees and she started choking on my cock like a real slutty teen should. Choking up on it and coughing up saliva made it all so much hotter and my cock just began growing a lot and becoming harder and harder. Her little mouth felt amazing! I wanted to taste her too. I spread her sexy legs and began licking her little pussy out and while I did so I was focusing on the clit to make sure she was all nice and wet, ready for my cock to penetrate her. The young horny girl wanted to go on top and I let her. My cock entered her teen pussy and as soon as it did her muscles clenched and she got a nice grip on my cock. When she did so, she moved on to moving her hips as fast as she could, though she couldn’t keep that tempo up so she slowed down a bit but I wanted to keep it fast and furious so I held her hips in place while I kept pumping her little pussy with my throbbing hard cock. My balls slapped her wet pussy while I did so, too. Then I got the naked girl to lay down on her back and I started thrusting in and out again. I simply couldn’t wait. Missionary sex was nice too because I could squeeze her tits in this position with ease. The hot teen spread her legs a bit more and I started pouring more lube over her body so the experience would be even better. Her teen pussy was so unbelievably wet and slippery that our fucking made audible squishing sounds.   The young naked girl finally decided it was time to get on top of me again because she wanted to ride me, slamming her cute little butt onto my dick. She rode as fast and as hard as she could before we both came hard. With her pussy clamping tighter on my already throbbing dick I began to shoot loads of cum deep inside of her pussy. Her pussy started to convulse around my dick and she had an orgasm the same time as I came in her. I unloaded my balls into her pussy for a creampie as the beautiful sexy little blonde watched! She loved the feel of hot jizz shooting inside her and filling her vagina. The sight of the creampie pouring out of her well fucked pussy was amazing. The little fuckwhore started pulling my sperm out of her cunt with her fingers so she could eat it!