I mean sometimes you have these awkward moments with your siblings. You’d know if you had any siblings, being naked in front of my relatives was really a big problem for me sometimes even though I wasn’t ever really supposed to look like that around them, but sometimes I had bad luck. Well, I didn’t actually grow up with any siblings, so luckily I didn’t know how such a thing felt, until very recently. Because my dad is an adventurous man who likes swapping his wives and shit, I eventually got a step sister and she is about as old as I am. Now, this girl was pretty hot but I never sexualized her and that may have been a mistake. One day she caught me in the shower while I was playing around with my cock and she sure liked it. I mean, it’s pretty big, even I like how it looks and I’m a straight guy. Anyhow, she was peeking in the shower (which might have been something she does quite often because I had a hard time spotting her) and when I noticed her she ran away quickly. After a short but very awkward talk, my hot step sister convinced to show my dick so that she could see it again. I ran into her trap and next thing you know my cock was inside my stepsister’s mouth. And I didn’t mind that at all…I mean she isn’t an actual relative of mine, why should I care? The blonde slut was sucking on it nice and slow while she kept staring directly into my eyes and that was just the hottest thing ever so we just kept it up. After that, I got her to turn around so her pussy was right up in my face and I started licking it sloppily. I was trying to get her as wet as possible before I got shoved my cock inside her, that would be the best for the both of us. While I did it I got hornier and hornier so we decided to step it up a bit and after a few more strokes I got my cock inside her tight pussy. The sexy babe was so god damn wet and her muscles were just squeezing on my dick whenever I pushed inside her. We fucked a bit in doggy and I smacked her cute ass quite frequently while I did it because I loved seeing it bounce up and down, it’s truly an amazing ass. I made sure to grip it tightly while I did so. My sister reacted nicely to my fingers digging into her buttocks. Then I let her get on top of me and I got a hold of her narrow waist and later on I gripped her ass too and started pumping her pussy and filling it up with my thick cock but later on, her hips got a mind of their own and my naked sister started riding like a beast. She stroked my cock with her pussy and started masturbating later until we both came. 