This young girl was eager to learn more about doing yoga and shit like that, you know. But it was obvious that her talents really weren’t all about doing gymnastics and shit. Just take a look at this perfect ass in yoga pants and her big boobs! It became obvious pretty quickly that she was good at having sex and that’s something I can really appreciate. Every man can appreciate some nice sex with his girl, right? Anyway, this shit got hot really hard and the girl didn’t even make an effort to prove to me that she wasn’t easy as all hell and she got down on her knees quickly after ripping her see-through leggings up (that was a dead giveaway, I mean have you ever actually seen a bitch wearing no bra under her see-through top?). Her knees were getting sore so I decided not to leave her hanging and my cock was inside her mouth within seconds and she enjoyed it. She moaned loudly and her gorgeous blue eyes rolled back to the back of her head a bit while she sucked on the tip. Pretty girl with pretty face and a love for sucking cock. The girl enjoyed this way too much, it was obvious that she was a real, proper slut. When she was finished with the shaft she moved on to sucking on my balls. It was amazing. Her tits were amazing too, and her nipples were rock hard so I had to feel them with my cock a bit and I started pushing my cock between her titties. Then she had to get a good taste of my cock again so she sucked on it again before she let me bend her over and fuck her with one leg lifted up in the air up her tight little ass. There’s no substitute for a real anal pounding. Her ass is freakin amazing.   Lana is absolutely fabulous! She’s intoxicating, a combination of being stunningly gorgeous and a filthy sexual performer. One of the best butts in the world, she is an Anal Queen. The gorgeous girl with the more fuckable ass kept riding my dick, fucking me with her tits and sucking my dick. I grabbed her juicy ass and squeezed her cheeks hard as I pounded into her anus, pulling her against me, slamming hard and fast. She rode me in cowgirl as hard as she could and we both came. Lovely anal followed by all that sperm spread on her face, her lips and her breasts. Deep ass sex ending in messy facial. 