Man, that was one hell of a party last night. We were celebrating my stepsis’s birthday. I don’t remember a thing form the last night! I just woke up with my sexy stepsis laying naked just behind me! I lifted the blanket and saw my morning hard-on and my sister’s beautiful titties and her sweet pussy! She looked so hot! I asked her about what happened last night. As she was telling me that she thinks that we did it last night, I could see that she’s in the mood to do it again! I came close to her and started fondling her nipples and saw that she has nothing against it. She got so horny from my playing with her tits that she got on her knees, pulled the shits from my body and started sucking my dick hard. This little slut has obviously got a lot of experience in dick-sucking and she loves to show it. She licked it and shoved it into her throat with making it very wet and fuck-ready. She decided to get the things rolling, so she got to her feet and started sliding up and down on my dick, slowly. I felt her young tight pussy grip my cock – like nothing I had ever felt before. Her pink cunt was exquisite as its silky warmth wrapped around my cock. This beauty was in front of me with her most amazing round tits bouncing around for my eyes only. I kept thinking of all the ways I could fuck this little floozy on this fine morning. She kept riding it with passion with her little cunt going up and down on my dick in a seductive, passionate and sensual way. She knows how much I love her stunning butt, so she turned around and started jumping on my cock with her astonishing bum bouncing on my shaft. The view was amazing and got hornier with each passing moment! I had to take the matters into my own hands. I bent her over and started fucking that hypnotic round thing! I squeezed those butt cheeks with my hand and slapped them occasionally. My cock fitted just right into her little pussy. The young gorgeous naked girllaid there on the bed and moaned beautifully as my fucking was putting her into some kind of a trance. She was no longer present in this world as I was doing my best to fuck her right and leave her satisfied. I mean she was cumming, her eyes were rolling back and her toes curling.   The sexy naked girl was starting to get sweaty as I kept going, and she felt the urge of having my dick inside her mouth once again! She turned around and started gagging on it hard! Man, I loved watching that beautiful face in front of me with my dick inside her mouth. I took her sexy legs, spread them and started going in and out of her warm and ignited little cunt. Little slut started screaming as she was approaching one of the most intensive orgasms of her life. I kept increasing the speed and fucked her harder and harder. The view of my dick sliding in and out of her pink pussy between her sweet ass cheeks was amazing. That’s I felt ready to bring her face closer and make her face wet with her juicy load of cum! My naked sister was smiling, looking at me, licking off the cum which flowed from her mouth.