Can you believe it? I caught our babysitter all naked with her face in her lesbian girlfriend’s pussy instead of doing her job. I enter the room and there are two beautiful naked girls eating each other’s cunts in 69! Wow! I had never seen real lesbians making out. My wife was just in the next room and I didn’t want to hear any showdown between her and the babysitter so I hid the naked girls in the bathroom. I got rid of my wife and it didn’t take much for their slut instincts to kick in and in a moment the girls were on their knees, gasping with their eyes wide open ready to suck on my cock! The lesbians started kissing and I shoved my dick between their lips and they began kissing with the head of my dick, flicking it with their tongues. The girls were too horny to hold back and they started sucking on it passionately. The girls took turns swallowing my dick and licking my balls! I thought the girls wanted me to cum on their faces and I was ready to give it to them but the sluts wanted me to fuck them in a threesome! The lesbo sluts really wanted their pussies fucked so they got on top of me and started doing their thing. Our horny naked babysitter got on and started fucking me in reverse cowgirl. Her ass was absolutely amazing and I loved seeing it bounce up and down. Looked as if it made out of jelly. She was a real stunner. Then there was her girlfriend’s turn to ride my dick. The sexy brunette was riding my dick, facing me and her tight little pussy was all wet and gripping tightly on my cock while she rode it. While the hot naked babe bounced up and down her partner decided not to leave her titties hanging (literally) and she always kept one of them in her mouth while she bounced up and down nicely. Their pussies were dripping with their juices. Then the other girl decided to ride me again and I liked having her fat ass in front of me. Then the naked girls lined up nicely and I drilled their pussies one after another. Ass to ass, the girls were on the floor with their asses high in the air and I shoved my cock into their pussies, it was amazing. With my wife just next door we could have been caught easily. We kept fucking and the girls did incredible things. I could stop cumming all over their slutty faces even when my wife came into the room and saw us. 