I had to help my stepdaughter with her afterschool activities. She had to improve her grades and I suggested her to join the gymnastic team, the problem was that she could not do splits. We decided to check her flexibility. She was stretching in front of me in her tartan skirt and she didn’t know I had a schoolgirl fetish! While my sexy babe was doing her stretches her ass was hanging out of her skirt so I did what any horny man would do in my situation. “Want to see me do a split stepdaddy?” My hand went between her legs… “Dont touch my ass while I do that! If you want to feel it just ask me first” She noticed I was horny. Later I got a brilliant idea how to help my girl do a split! We moved into the bedroom where I pulled my pants down in front of her! Doing a split with my dick into her pussy might help. “This was supposed to help me?” I was going, “Ah, ah, ah,” and she pulled down her panties obediently. She told me she hasn’t really done this many times before and that her meaty pussy was still really tight, and I didn’t mind that one bit. The young naked girl got on top of me and I rubbed the head of my penis against her clit slowly and she started shaking a bit so I decided it was time for me to penetrate her. My naked step daughter started doing a split over me with her wet, open pussy exposed and lower it onto my hard cock. Even her pussy was shaved so she probably expected this. I sure didn’t expect it but I was so glad this was happening. Finally she got the courage to put the entire thing inside her and she started riding me really hard. Her gorgeous tits were bouncing up and down in front of me as she did. The faces she made have made this experience ten times hotter. With my dick deep into her vagina her legs spreaded wider and wider. I couldn’t take any more, and came hard sending hot smoldering sperm deep into her pussy! I grabbed her titties and squeezed them hard during orgasm, seeing that she had an orgasm too. The next day my girl got on the team! She was dressed in a gymnastic suit and looked amazing! She was so happy that grabbed my dick and gave me amazing blowjob, sucking my dick and balls too. She rode me like a god damn Harley until I busted my load. 