This gorgeous brunette has just found out that her beloved boyfriend is going to be deployed overseas. He wants to reassure her that they can make the whole long-distance relationship work, especially nowadays, with video chat and stuff like that. She’s quite distraught about this. It’s like a bucket of ice cold water. She calls her mom to talk about it, and her boyfriend can hear her. She’s even considering breaking up with him. She needs stability, proof of his love. The boyfriend has an idea, he wants to get his girlfriend pregnant and have a baby! They start making out and he pulls up her top, revealing her beautiful big tits. Her nipples are fully erect as he sucks on them. This babe has absolutely amazing boobs, the most perfect tits, firm and round, jutting proudly from her torso, the nipples small and pointy. He can’t stop sucking her large areolas! The busty teen drops to her knees, grabbing his big throbbing erection and stuffing her cock hungry mouth with it, giving him the most passionate blowjob he ever got in his life. Something for him to remember her when he’s away and overseas. He puts her down on all fours over the bed and pulls down her panties. His girlfriend tries to play it safe by asking him to put on a condom, but he has another plan, he wants to fill her vagina with his cum, shoot his sperm cells as deep into her womb as possible! She spreads her beautiful ass cheeks and he pushes his cock deep inside her gushing cunt, fucking her doggie style from behind while she looks over her shoulders, moaning and grunting with pleasure, biting the bed sheets to avoid crying out when he pounds her too hard. This is probably the last pussy he would be getting for a long long time, so he wants to destroy his gf’s cunt completely with his hard dick! He lies on his back and his sexy busty girlfriend mounts him, riding his cock in reverse cowgirl, her big tits bouncing up and down. While he’s fucking her in missionary she begs him to blow his load in her mouth but he grabs her, slams deep, makes one last thrust and cums inside of her shuddering cunt! He ejaculates a large amount, pulls out and gooey creampie is oozing out of her pink, puffy. Now that she’s knocked up, there’s no way she’s breaking up with him while he’s overseas protecting his beloved country! Do you like creampies video? Download this video and watch more teen porn where all the scenes end with a creampie! 