Being a repairman sure has benefits, right? I was fixing things up in this house, just the regular stuff, you know. While I was doing that I noticed this gorgeous blonde cutie eyeballing me. Not just me, but my crotch in specific. Bitches these days have some sorta big cock detector or something, because I’m not a shower but I’m rather a grower and tools don’t turn me on, so yeah, I was soft. But who cares? I got what I wanted in the end. The sexy slut really couldn’t help herself so she moved to her bedroom where she got a little dildo out so that she could stretch her insides while she thought about my huge cock pounding into her tight teen slit (I hope). Though it’s pretty obvious that I was the one who excited her. This was honestly a no-brainer. At this point, I already had my big stiff cock out and I made sure that she was able to see it, because she was obviously down to do it, and I just couldn’t miss an opportunity like that, right? Her gaze was immediately focused on my huge dick like I planned and then this shit really started getting steamy and she invited me into the bed where I got down on my knees and she got a bit lower so that she could suck on my cock properly. Then I decided to lay down because it’s less exhausting and she started sucking on me like a god damn monster. She didn’t even spare my nuts, she was a literal beast. Like, jerking me off while sucking on my nuts at the same time, I could have busted a nut right there into her pretty face but I had to hold back until I got the chance to pound her little pussy. She was fully naked, on her back with her legs spread for me. She was so fucking hot, pretty face, green eyes, nice long blond hair, long legs, breast, perfect ass, everuthing in that sexy babe was perfect. I wanted to lick her pussy immediately, her bald, sweet, tiny pussy, licking it, kissing, sucking on her clit… My dick was throbbing! I put her legs together and started beating her box. The sexy naked babe then couldn’t resist riding me so I allowed her to do it. Her tattoos were really nice and she was thick as hell so I really enjoyed that view. Then I rolled her over so that we could kiss a bit while she rode me and I pounded her until she came all over her beautiful face. 