I was cleaning the back yard as I had promised my dad I would and as I passed by my stepmom’s bedroom balcony window on my way, I couldn’t help seeing her almost naked on her bed, with her legs spread wide open and fucking herself with a huge crystal dildo! She had a sexy lingerie top, so I could see the contours of her big breasts as she played with her clit and pounded her wet muff with the big dildo. I had never seen a pussy more beautiful than hers. Her pussy looked like a pussy of 18 year old girl, so tidy, bald, pink, with thin lips. My cock got hard and I was rubbing it over my shorts when she looked over and spotted me! Busted! Not knowing what to do, I ran off, but when I heard her calling me out, I went back to her bedroom. The beautiful MILF made me sit by her side and told me it was okay, that it was probably not the first time I saw a girl masturbating and that my dad didn’t please her so she had to get herself off. She reached between my legs and felt the throbbing erection I was nursing under my shorts! “Oh my God! You are way bigger than your dad!” I couldn’t believe my stepmom was coming on to me that way, but at the same time, I didn’t want it to stop! She made me lie down on her bed and got naked, stripping in front of me, pulling down her sexy lingerie and exposing her big tits and her perfect ass. Her boobs were incredible! A pair of big, firm, succulent breasts with small nipples. She took my hard cock in her soft hands, playing with it and looking into my eyes. The horny woman passed her wet tongue all over the tip, tasting my glistening precum before swallowing my erection whole, all the way down to my balls! She kept looking me straight in the eye while sucking my cock, licking my boner, slurping my balls. Then the hot naked woman got down on her hands and knees, pushing her juicy bubble butt back up against my face so I could eat her out.   Her pussy was the sweetest thing I had ever tasted in my life. I licked her cunt, drinking her sweet juices as they gushed from her cunt. On her back, she spread her legs wide open, placing one of them on my chest, rubbing her clit as I pushed my hard sausage deep inside her tight pussy and began banging my very own stepmom, my dad’s wife, in missionary position. The sex goddess straddled herself on top of me, riding my cock in cowgirl position, screaming at the top of her lungs. I grabbed her meaty ass in my hands as she turned, her back facing my way as she rode me in reverse cowgirl. The naked woman bounced up and down my rod, getting saliva on her hand to lube up her pussy and my cock, letting me know that from now on, instead of masturbating with her dildo while my dad was at work, I was going to become her favorite and exclusive sex toy! This made me cum so hard, blowing my creamy load all over her beautiful face, open mouth and big tits!