I honestly haven’t met a guy that doesn’t like short little girls. They’re so cute and so pretty. And they usually turn out to be a bit too thick, even. Even if they aren’t you can always appreciate a pair of small but well-shaped titties hanging from a skinny short girls chest. I was hanging with this cutie and we were already ready to do it so I picked her up while she was all naked and ready to fuck just to show her off a bit and then she just couldn’t resist the skin-to-skin contact (it made me horny as fuck) she even measured my cock with her wrist and it was actually thicker than the wrists so I knew that I would absolutely destroy her little cunt. I laid down on my bed and the small naked girl went between my legs and started choking on my cock. Her cute little mouth was absolutely filled with my cock and it was a great sight. Every guy likes seeing a cute girl choke on his cock, right? She left thick hot spit all over it and her little mouth just felt absolutely amazing. Probably the best thing about short petite girls is their small frame. A smaller frame means their pussy is tighter and this means I would make her struggle with my cock. And we were right. The little girl spread her legs and she barely got my cock inside her and she moaned loudly while she was jamming it in but eventually, the pleasure turned into and she was hopping on it like a little bunny. Her tiny titties bounced up and down while she was jumping on it too, and it was super arousing for me. The only bad thing about this is that I couldn’t get them inside my mouth because they were too small to actually hang. She then moved a bit closer and we locked legs so that I could move my hips faster to punish her little pussy. The tiny naked girl moved in close and started bouncing again. Fucking hell I felt like my cock was going to be ripped off because she was so god damn tight. Her young pussy felt like a velvet vice gripping my cock. Never had a girl felt so tight before.   I grabbed her ass really hard and she got horny and started moving her hips faster and harder. I moved her again, but this time I placed her on the floor and I kept on pounding her tight little pussy. While she was down there I started pounding her tight little cunt and she just kept on moaning. I noticed the small bump on her tummy, it appeared and disappeared as I thrusted my big dick into her pussy back and forth. I moved deeper, stirring her insides with my meaty dick. “Fuck yes, baby!” She felt my dick bump her tummy just below her belly button. It just goes to show how god damn tiny this little bitch it. I got her to get on top of me again but in reverse cowgirl, this time and I just went all out. My balls were slapping her clit really hard like this and we kept this entire thing up until she came. After her first orgasm she reached plenty more. I kept hammering her stretched pussy as hard as I could. 