My friend and I were out hanging out when we spotted a couple of gorgeous babes practicing soccer in the park. We started at them like two horny dogs when the ball rolled over to us and they spotted up. Watching the girls soccer team practice in the park after school was a great idea, but filming those sexy babes was even better. When couple of them came over we invited them to come over to our house to hang out. Four of them agreed to come with us to have some fun in the yard of my friend’s house. It’s was really fun, and the girls showed off different skills in the backyard, shaking their asses and twerking against the fence. Two of the girls knew exactly what me and my friend intended to do with them. The sluts came inside the house and started teasing each other. Those two angels looked at each other and started seducing us out of our minds. They stripped out of their shorts, got on the couch, spread their sexy legs and started shaking their naked butts right there on the couch. Me and my friend laughed from excitement of watching those two lovely creatures get naked in the middle of the living room and twerking their perfect asses. We know that we were going to score and that made us extremely happy. One of the naked girls came close to me and started seducing me. My friend didn’t waste time either and started taking clothes off of another babe. The one I ended up with started giving me absolutely the best blowjob of my life. She was very skillful and really knew what to do with a dick. The slut would put it in her hand and lick from the balls all the way up to the glans, which made me extremely horny. Just when I thought that I should maybe stand up and fuck her in some position, the girl got to her feet, positioned her dripping wet cunt above my cock and started riding it like a little slut. Wow! She had a killer body! Meanwhile, my friend spread the legs of the other hottie and started banging her like a raging bull.   It was kind of funny to watch him fuck that hot blonde like that, but I concentrated more on the beauty that was currently sliding up and down on my dick. The naked girl was still wearing her sexy red shirt with those white soccer socks. She was tireless and jumped on my dick for a very long time, while her friend still had her legs spread and little cunt fucked like never before! That’s when she turned around and started riding me with her smashing round butt while my friend bent her friend over and started pounding that ass. God her ass was so round! Both naked girls enjoyed it immensely. We swapped back and forth, fucking them both senseless in every position we could think of. As we fucked the girls, they turned their heads to each other and made out again, tongues probing each other’s mouth. They then moved into 69 position and we fucked them from the both sides. The girls timed out orgasm to come in the same time. When the time came, we both got to our feet and gave out big loads of cum to these sexy little soccer sluts. We both were cumming extremely hard, we shot so much that I thought we filled their whole mouthes. The naked girls could stop kissing passionately and swapping sperm from one to the other.