This one day, I was talking on a phone and kind of stormed into the bathroom and found my sexy step-sister masturbating with like a half a meter long pink dildo. I was in a shock, put the phone down and watched her teen body as I was saying how surprised I am. As much as I tried pretending that I don t like what I see, she knew that I want her so bad. That s why she told me to come closer, pulled my pants down and the party was on! Her sexy little mouth was suddenly wrapped around my cock and she was blowing me just beautifully! She stared at me while spitting on and deep throating that huge dick. I would grab her by her hair from time to time and jam my cock as deep into her throat as I possibly could. I just wanted to be inside her so bad that I let my sister play with my cock for a couple of more minutes and then grabbed her by the hand and took her into my bedroom. I was so horny that I just pushed her on the bed, spread her legs and started pounding her little pussy as hard as I possibly could. The bitch started screaming and that motivated me to fuck her brains out in ways she never imagined. The fact that she was my step-sister made us both so horny that I wish I couldn t physically fuck her any faster. I grabbed her waist and kept thrusting hard into her, she moaned loudly with each violent thrust. My cock was reaching parts of a pussy it never reached before! I slammed so hard into her! But my slutty sister wanted more and began to rub her clit furiously with her fingers. Her pussy was getting warmer by the minute and I saw that she s approaching orgasm at a very high speed. That s when she bit her lips for the first time and stopped breathing as her cunt was experiencing the hottest tinkling orgasm of her life. The teen slut went crazy for my cock and was already satisfied deeply, literally. It was time for her to show me what she s got too! My naked sister pushed me on the bed, bent her knees and stood on her feet as she began sliding up and down on my erect cock.   I was so excited while her small beautiful tits were bouncing all over the place, so much so that tried my best not to come too early! Her hair was waving around with her cute tits jumping up and down. I grabbed her ass and helped her ride by pulling her butt cheeks up and down my cock. I fucked my sister so hard my balls were slapping against her pussy. “Oh, fuck yeah!” Then, the naked girl turned around and started riding me in the opposite direction with her astonishing round butt just in front of me. I actually tried not to look at that perfect thing because I would come in a matter of seconds. I rubbed her pussy as she was riding me and it was finally my turn to take over the control. I bent my hot sister over and fucked her little cunt from behind as she laid with her tired head on the mattress. After fucking her for a considerable time, I pulled my dick out and filled her mouth with a load of cum!