Indeed, my stepsister is the jealous type and she doesn’t like sharing at all. She wants my dick all for herself and doesn’t let me bring my sexy ebony girlfriend over. While I’m talking with my girl on the phone, telling her I can’t wait to see and fuck her, my nasty sister is sucking and stroking my cock! She looks so fucking sexy gobbling up my cock with a naughty expression on her face and those perverted eyes while my girlfriend talks on the phone, when no idea of what’s going on. I ask her to stay on the line with some silly excuse so I can devote my full attention to my slutty sis. Those delicious sounds she makes while sucking my dick made me so fucking horny. She slaps my member against her face and while I continued talking with my girl, I’m pushing my stepsister’s head against my crotch so I can ram my sausage down her throat, making her choke and gag on it while deepthroating me. She’s sucking my cock so loud, my girlfriend asks me about the noise and I have to make up that I’m watching a documentary. My slutty sister finally makes me cum inside her mouth and she swallows every single drop of my hot jizz! What a slut! The next day I’m supposed to meet with my girl, but my parents don’t allow me to bring girls home so I have to sneak them in. As usual my sister is on guard, asks me to take care of the house chores while she’s out at school. My girl drops by anyway, looking super sexy in a tiny tank top and cute shorts. She’s a hot Ebony goddess with curly bangs and super long legs. Soon she’s latched onto my hard cock and giving me a blowjob. Unfortunately, we are interrupted when my stepsister comes back home. The next day my girl wants to stretch her mouth on my cock again. She starts giving me some of the sloppiest head I have ever experienced, but before she can finish my sister shows up. Of course I had to hide my girlfriend in the closet.   The only problem is, since my stepsister has no idea she is here, she gets ready to play with my cock, wondering why my dick is so fucking hard already! I am so busted! My girlfriend watches as my stepsister starts eating my dick, but she bangs the closet door and she realizes she’s there! Just when I think all hell is going to break loose, my girlfriend and sister decide to share my erection! There they are, sucking my dick together like dirty little fuck sluts! I can’t believe my motherfucking luck, man! My girlfriend tells us she wants to watch us fucking and she’s so turned on watching my stepsister’s bubble butt bouncing up and down my cock! She takes her place and my stepsister rubs my girl’s cunt while I fuck her and I watch them eating each other out. Two pussies are better than one! The girls ride my dick, keep licking their cunts, kissing and moaning until I cum in their mouthes! Watching my girlfriend and my sister kissing and swapping my cum is amazing!