I came back from work one day and caught that little nanny bitch in my bedroom with her boyfriend. I was so pissed that I threw the guy out and told the little slut that she just lost her job. The teenage girl comes close to me and puts her little hand on my chest, saying how she simply can’t lose this job and it’s really important to her. So, I asked her how far she’s ready to go to keep the job, and it wasn’t too much later when the teen got down on her knees and started sucking my prick very hard. She started licking and sucking it the best she could, literally fucking my dick with her little mouth. With ropes of her salvia connecting my cock and her mouth, she hungrily was sending her head all the way on meat. Probably these teens watch too much porn nowadays! That young girl was hotter than any pornstar! My wife have never sucked my dick the way that teen slut did. She’s got the sexiest blonde hair and a really firm young body that it would be a pleasure to fuck! It was time to punish this little floozy with my erect cock, so I pushed her on the bed and she spread her legs, giving me full access to her pussy. It was a young, meaty, pink pussy burger. She was moaning and looking into my eyes as the tight pussy hole opened and gobbled up the head of my dick. The view of my dick between her smooth pussy lips was amazing! I started fucking her little warm little cunt as hard as I could. The little beach started moaning and holding her legs almost behind her head. She wore those sexy teen long socks that also made me into a raging horny bull! I rubbed her clit as I was drilling her snatch with my ding doing. The bitch was screaming and crying from pleasure, it made me even hornier and I was fucking her little pussy so deep, slamming all the way down her vagina, my balls slapped against her anus. The small girl just loved it and wanted to show me a couple of things. The petite naked girl got on top of me and started riding me while I was supporting her with placing my hands on her sexy butt cheeks. That’s when I turned her around, spread her legs with my hands and started stuffing her pussy with my schlong. I bent her over and started screwing her in the last doggy-style position until everything was ready for this little slut to have her face covered in juicy wet cum. I sure made use of this guilty little bitch! 