We all knew a girl like this in school. These girls usually fuck older guys and no one else, so I probably wouldn’t get to smash. Take a good look at this gorgeous brunette with glasses though, and take a look at that short ass skirt. The school slut is just begging to have a cock inserted up her tight little pussy. She did end up begging later because she met up with her professor after school and everyone knew what this meant, but the slut just didn’t mind it. Wow she looks amazing in that schoolgirl uniform! She got down to sucking on his huge cock. Fucking hell, she went all out. Gagging, drooling and coughing while she struggled for air. OMG! every man deserves a blowjob like that! The teen slut got his shaft and his balls closer together and she tried to swallow both of them and she actually did get to touch the nuts with her tongue, which is a big achievement for a slut like her. Then he carried his little fuck toy to her table and lifted her legs up and teased her a bit. He rubbed her clit with her tip of his dick and as I said earlier, he made her beg for his big cock and only when she begged enough, he started to stretch her pink cunt. Then he moved her legs behind her head so you could really see how her tight cunt was stretching out for her man. His huge cock was going to rip the skinny girl in half. With every powerful thrust, he would land all 11 inches into her. The young naked girl was cumming constantly and begging for more! The horny teacher flipped her over and continued to fuck her from the back. With each powerful thrust he was penetrating her all the way deep into her cunt! His cock pounded her like a battering ram, his balls slapping against her clit with every thrust, finally he gave a mighty pelvic thrust. He scored all 11 inches into her tiny cunt and she was going crazy. She was bucking wildly and screaming for more. The slim naked girl impaled herself onto his long dick with a smile and started riding him. What a slim body, fine ass and perky little tits! What a riding activity, very special, she’s perfection! Cute, enthusiastic, perfect body. She was riding him like mad, twerking her cute little ass, grinding her ass on him, fucking herself. The hottie even cupped the engorged dick between her feet, her toes together and caressed it, sucking it at the same time. The horny professors kept destroying her little cunt with his huge cock. 