Here’s what happened to me once, it’s just crazy! I went over to my friend’s house to see if he was there and guess what who came to the door wearing nothing but some sexy white socks! His naked sister was standing in front of me! I had never seen such a beautiful girl! I just stood there, shocked, staring at her bare body, her titties, her pussy burger. Her pussy lips were swollen and glistening with her sweet juices, they were clean and smooth and there was a lush bush of pubic hair, the triangle above her pussy. Apparently, she was there in the living room masturbating and squirting all over the couch which I concluded from how wet the couch was. She was very horny and didn’t want to get interrupted, so she started hitting on me and I just sat there, confused and hard. That’s when she went down and pulled my cock out of my pants. It’s then when I saw that some serious things are about to get down. Man, I hope my friend’s going to be able to forgive me for this, but this is a chance I simply can’t pass by. She was so fucking sexy with a perfect skinny body and the biggest libido. She spread her sexy legs and told me to eat her cunt! I still had my bicycle helmet on my head when I got down on the floor and started licking her cute little pussy! Her pussy tasted so delightful, I could have ate her slit for hours. Her cunt was all wet from the juices which came out while she was squirting all over the place. The naked girl put me on the couch and started to move back and forth which made it a lot easier for me to give her a perfect oral. I used my tongue the best I could to work her pussy just right. I even licked her ass too! She was so crazy horny that she started to squirt! She had the wildest squirting orgasm I ever seen in porn! She just squirted all over me, she squirted right in my mouth! It was insane! It was wonderful! She was rubbing her wet cunt all over my face, squirting, cumming and spreading her juices all over my face. After squirting on his face a couple of times, she moved on to chocking on my cock. My friend’s older sister got on her knees very fast and started blowing my prick very fast. She would shove it very deep down in her throat, squeezing my dick and balls together. She licked it from both sides and from my balls to my glans. The crazy slut sucked it like the juiciest lollypop. That’s when the things go really serious. I sat on the couch as she grabbed my prick with one of her hands and spread her butt cheeks with another one. My cock fitted perfectly inside her wet cunt and she started jumping on it like a little slut. I grabbed her butt cheeks and pulled her up and down and she just loved it. She blew her warm breath into my face each time she moaned and screamed just beautifully!   The naked girl turned around and started riding me with her bushy pussy! That’s when her bushy pussy started squirting all over the place in a fast stream. About each minute that cunt would release that sweet juice that I loved to feel coming down. She was moaning constantly and cumming, squirting juices all over with each thrust! She made me hornier with each slide she made and it was time to give this little slut exactly what she deserved. It was my time to take over the control, so I laid her down, pulled up one of her sexy legs and started drilling her pussy hard with my raging schlong! It wasn’t long until the bitch started to squirt again! The slut got fuck all over her living room, squirting several times prior to receiving a giant load all over her face. I got on my feet, pulled her by the hair and spread my cum all over that gorgeous face. What a great fuck that was!