If you buy a boyfriend over the internet, you better be prepared to have his cock enter your ass and pussy! Even girls get a bit lonely sometimes. So they have to look out for a boyfriend they can get quickly and easily. This babe doesn’t want to disappoint her grandmother, so she lies and tells her she has a boyfriend. Luckily, in this day you can rent a boyfriend on the internet, and this made a lot of lonely horny girls happy, especially this one blondie we’re looking at here. She brought him into her house and he was just as horny as she was. The rental boyfriend is real hot and the busty slut can’t help but notice his huge cock. She dropped a plate and while she was picking it up this dude straight up put two fingers inside her, and while he did it he kept talking to her grandmother. Then he put one inside her butt, too. And the babe got even hornier. I just love this girl! She’s so expressive. Her eyes alone could make me cum! She got her pussy out and started riding him just as soon as grandmother left the living room. They fucked like this for a while until the old woman decided to come back into the room. Then they stopped because the guy was trying to make a conversation with the old lady and when she finally left they started doing it again. They both went down to the floor and he pummelled her tight cunt like no one before him did. And then he moved onto her tight ass, too. She was loving every second of it, he was totally destroying her tight ass. Rockin’ natural tits, voluptuous ass & ragin’ hardcore libido! I love her sounds of pleasure as she gets fucked. Then she lifted one leg up on the table and he choked her and pounded her tight anus. Don’t miss the reverse tittyfuck, the sexy babe is laying on her back with her head hanging over the edge of the table and keeps sucking on his balls while he fucks her big tits! The slutty granddaughter started lapping at his balls, running her tongue all over my scrotum, she opened her mouth and took his scrotum into her mouth. Then she spread her legs again and this guy kept fucking her pussy and ass again. I like shoes and socks on the girls feet the whole time. Love her natural tits, her curves and her hairy pussy. I love her bush. Some of us like our women to look like women, not clean shaven. He kept doing it harder and harder until he came inside her ass! He couldn’t stop cumming in her ass even in front of her granny. You can see her legs spread wide, and the cameraman getting in close for shot of her dribbling asshole. Don’t miss this sneaky scene, amazing anal and a beautiful anal creampies! 