That’s right! My hot tattooed black girlfriend gets off on stealing shit and when she convinces me to sneak into our neighbor’s place and take 20K from him; I know the payout will be huge! It’s not just about the money, the bigger the risk and benefit, the kinkier my babe gets in the sack! In a sexy black top and skimpy shorts, my girlfriend breaks in through the window. She gets so turned on when she finds the cash, she wants to do it, right there, on the spot! I tell her we should wait until we get back home, but it’s useless. She’s already on her knees, unzipping me. Of course, my cock is throbbing so hard! She starts licking and kissing it, passing her wet tongue and meaty lips all over my sausage and balls. She makes loud slurping sound while giving me head, swallowing my big cock and looking me in the eye. She’s drooling like crazy, her face is drenched with her saliva and she looks so fucking hot. Licking the drool from her lips, she quickly takes off her top and bra. A thick rope of saliva dribbles from her chin as she crawls my way and starts licking my balls and shaft. She continues drooling all over my cock and balls, soaking her fingers with her saliva. This is the sloppiest blowjob ever. I can’t help thinking about all the DNA we’re leaving on the crime scene, but I don’t really care, this is too hot and so worth it! Totally on fire, she strips naked, squatting over my cock and pushing it inside her gushing cunt, rubbing her clit while she savagely rides me in cowgirl position, screaming at the top of her lungs. She bends over the windowsill, looking out while pushing her juicy bubble butt back up against my cock. That’s when we hear noises outside and see somebody coming in, it’s the neighbor!   “We have to go!” with the cash in the bag my naked girlfriend screams at me and drags me upstairs. I’m guessing will get out by our neighbor’s bedroom window, which faces the back of our house. Instead, my girlfriend tells me she wants us to keep fucking in his bedroom! As soon as she starts drooling all over my cock again she has me convinced. She sits on my lap, her bubble butt facing my way and bouncing like crazy as she rides me in reverse cowgirl. The sexy Asian babe flips over, covering her mouth with her hand to muffle her screams. We have to hide behind the bed because the man with the baseball bat enters the bedroom checking the house. We know we have to get out, but we just can’t stop fucking! She’s rubbing her muff and I’m banging her and all of the sudden she starts squirting, gushing pussy juices all over the neighbor’s bedroom floor! She lies on his bed and keeps squirting, drenching his bed sheets with her cunt juices. I keep fucking her as hard and as fast as I can so we can get out before the neighbor catches us red-handed!