Have you ever had Sneaky Sex? My girlfriend is one of those go-getters that not a lot of men get to fuck. You know, when she wants to get something she doesn’t let anyone interrupt her, she just takes what she wants and then she leaves. Well, she didn’t leave me, but you get what I mean. One of these days we were making out, shit got real steamy and I even got to put her titty in my mouth. I love me some titties. Who doesn’t, really? Anyway, soon enough her dad came into the room because he heard some weird noises ( and we were probably the ones who were making them so I guess he isn’t crazy after all) and he scolded her. That didn’t stop us though. This big-titted brunette was so desperate to give me a blowjob she didn’t mind sneaking behind her dad’s back! I didn’t give a shit about fucking behind her old man’s back. She is a grown girl so she should get to decide what she wants to do with her body. Or what I want to do with her body. She got my cock inside her mouth and started sucking on it like a good little slut should do. After that, her old man busted inside her room again and she almost even caught us, but I was quick enough and I hid under the sheets before he could see anything suspicious. My horny girl kept sucking my huge dick playing with my balls with her soft hands. She even led me past her dad when he wasn’t looking with my dick hanging out so I could fuck her every which way. My naked girlfriend took me by my dick and she dragged me all the way to another bedroom where we would continue to fuck this old man’s beautiful little girl as if nothing happened. I spread her legs and she moaned as I rammed my dick all the way up her tight pussy. Her little pussy felt amazing. Her feet jerked in the air and her big tits flopped back and forth on her chest in response to the fierce fucking she was receiving. My babe is just so gorgeous, the best boobs, a pair of big, round, juicy tits! She had to start sucking on it again and I made sure that she choked on it because I started thrusting my hips gently, but after that, I moved onto doing it harder so that she would cough and choke.   Then we just had to make sure her pussy walls rubbed against my cock so she got on top of me and I shoved my thick meatpole inside her little cunt and started pounding away. She was laying on top of me all sweaty while her hair kept getting into her beautiful face while I pounded her. I grabbed her hips and started slamming my dick into her pussy, her whole body shaking from the way that I was pounding her hard and deep. I was being a little bit too harsh so I let her rest for a second and then she just moved onto reverse cowgirl so I could fuck her a bit faster because she knew my hips would function better in this positions but she was eager to help me out with her gorgeous hips, too. Then we did some full nelson and after that, I just hit it from the back as hard as I can to make her cum. Frankly, I think she wanted us to get caught – she probably got off on being discovered with my thick white load dripping from her pretty face. My cute girl looks great with cum all over her face!