It was a regular day at the mechanic shop until this fucking bombshell babe stepped into the shop! This chick was busty as fuck! As I was repairing her car, she had the most dramatic fight with her husband over the phone. Only, one look at her ass and her boobs and we can tell that her husband is too busy making money to fuck his honey! Underneath her rich exterior was a horny slut on the inside, just waiting for someone to rip her clothes off and fucked her hardcore! It turned out that she couldn’t pay her bill due to the fact that her credit cards were all maxed out! My buddy and I came up with an alternative to getting her to pay by flashing us those gigantic titties of hers! Her boobs were amazing! I had never seen such beautiful big all natural breasts! I came close to her and started groping her huge tits. She tried to resist me but I continued on to removing all of her clothes except her bra. The bitch got down on her knees and started sucking my erect cock like a true professional whore! The sexy babe was doing wonders to my cock and the moment she put my cock in between her tits was the moment of pure satisfaction! I shoved my cock as deep as it could go into her mouth and decided to give her the best fuck of her life! I licked her pussy briefly just to get her wet, lifted one of her legs in the air and started fucking her little pussy very hard. She went down once again to blow me before I laid there on the ground with this bitch bouncing on my cock like a slut! She road me all the way and moaned like a little bitch that she is! Those perfect tits were all over the place and I occasionally squeezed them while on the ground. That’s when she got up and wanted some of my cum so bad that she gave me the most amazing tittyfuck ever with her beautiful tits! Those tits are incredible and she is so sexy. The bitch enjoyed every minute of my dick and wanted to bring me to orgasm as fast as possible! I turned her around and fucked her butt from behind once again before pulling her hair and coming all over her slutty milf face! She loved it! 