This bold dude found himself a tiny teen to destroy her with his huge cock. The real question was if that thing could fit into this little cutie’s pussy! He pulled her panties down and saw that she was wearing no panties which made him horny instantly. He immediately got down on his knees and started licking her little pussy with such a pleasure. The little bitch started screaming as if a big cock was already inside her. He got so crazy that he lifted the naked tiny girl up in the air and started licking her while she was dangling in the air. The girl felt more than ready to receive his huge pecker! First, she got below him and gave him a quick handjob with her soft little hands to get his cock extra hard and ready for penetration. This girl looked amazing when he placed his big cock over her cute little face, settling his balls on her forehead. The teen girl realized that he wanted her to suck on “it,” so she did. The tiny naked girl began to stroke it with her hands and lick it with her soft tongue. The big gut just stuck it in her mouth, deep into her throat, making her swallow it, the girl almost gagged. Then he grabbed the small girl, put her on the table, and started shoving that monster cock inside her tight little cunt. It took some time until it came all the way inside her. He hunkered down, pointing the head of his huge cock downwards, aiming it at her little pussy, watching his big knob push between her wet pussy lips, slowly opening it until his cock head slipped in. He lifted one of her legs and placed it on his shoulder. Now he was ready to smash that cunt with much joy! She’s tight! The girl wanted a piece of action too, so she laid him down, placed his dickhead at the entrance to her pussy and lowered herself onto his hard cock. The teen started jumping on his dick at a very fast speed! The dude tried his best now to come as that tiny teen just wouldn’t slow down. He grabbed both of her hand and she supported herself with her feet as her cunt was sliding up and down un that thing.   He then used his hand to wrap them around her neck. The little blonde didn’t know what came over her. He got up once again, lifted the small naked girl in the air and started pounding her from behind while her hands were on the kitchen table. Than he pushed her from the table so that her palms would reach the floor! He kept fucking this little slut from behind until she couldn’t take it anymore! That thing was too big for her and she came twice already! But he didn’t want to give up and fucked her brains out as much as he could. The girl was moaning and shrieking, cumming all over his pulsating cock. The little bitch begged him for his cum too and he decided to fuck her just a bit longer with choking her with one of her hands, stretching out her pussy with his giant dick. She felt his cock deep inside her petite body. Finally he felt completely ready to push her on the ground and shove his dick deep inside her mouth. She swallowed each drop of that cum!