I invited my girlfriend over one day and decided to take her into my bedroom immediately! She’s a horny little slut and always in a mood to have her pussy drilled! This cutie just loves when the sex part comes in, and that’s when she feels most alive. Today, I pulled her clothes off immediately and started licking her cute little pussy. She bent over the bed as my tongue was drilling her and going in and out fast. I would occasionally run my tongue against her clit just to make her horny without making her come. It was time for my favorite part! I love putting a lot of oil all over her stunning body which makes her a lot hotter. Her butt suddenly becomes the hottest thing I have ever seen and each time I have to restrain myself not to come too early! Just when her body was soaked in oil, my naked girlfriend tuner around and started sucking my big dick. She enjoyed gagging on it very much and feeling that glans going very deep inside her throat. She was reaching my balls with her lips! My little slut sucked my dick so well it made my knees grow weak, man. She would grab it with both of her hands and lick it from the bottom to the top and suck my balls, twerking her ass all the time. I felt amazing each time my balls ended up inside her little cunt! My cock was super-hard and ready to go inside her full on! That’s when she pushed me on the bed and started riding my prick with her astonishing round ass bouncing all over the place. I love oiling my bitch up and smashing that beautiful round ass. My babe rode me, twerking her hips and ass on my cock as it churned her insides into a lather. Her oil glistening ass bounced up and down and from side to side. I loved it. This ass is the sexiest I’ve ever seen. Her wetness coated me and leaked all the way down my shaft to my sack. My horny babe would occasionally finger her asshole as my cock went deeper and deeper into her snatch. I would grab her butt cheeks and pulled her up and down to fuck her faster. She was screaming from the pure pleasure of that wet cock penetrating her very insides.   She moaned in such a sexy way that I was always on the verge on an orgasm. My naked babe stood on her feet and continued riding me in the same manner. Her black hair was waving all over the place as her wet sexy body was going up and down. That’s when she turned around and started riding me with her butt facing me, and I just laid there and enjoyed the view of her twerking butt! I decided to take over the control a little bit! I grabbed her hips and started fucking her pussy very hard from below, slamming balls deep into her wet cunt. After a while, that position felt a bit uncomfortable, so I decided to try the good old doggy style. Once again, I grabbed her hip with one of my hands and grabbed her hair with another one. The girl went into a pure state of ecstasy when I slammed her from behind! She kept twerking her ass on my dick. My balls were really huge and just waiting to be emptied! She screamed and wanted my cum inside her so bad, but I wanted to pound her just a bit longer! I slapped her butt cheeks from time to time and at times I felt that this is the best fuck of my life. Everything was ready, so I filled that bitch’s pussy with a big load of jizz!