My girlfriend is the only girl in the world who can manipulate me. I’m so into her that I’d do absolutely anything she tells me to! This one time, I was running with her on the mountain hills, and when we stopped to catch a breath, she got down and started sucking me with those beautiful lips. She is so beautiful and makes me crazy when she runs her tongue from the bottom all the way to the top. She kept gagging on that big things and enjoyed it very much until she moved a couple of steps away from being and started twerking that booty to tease me. After that, she started running and wanted me to go after her. Man, I hate when she leaves me that horny! I thought she would let me cum in her mouth but she left me with blue balls! On this other occasion, I come home and find her with her yoga instructor stretching in out the courtyard. I rubbed her cunt while she was doing all those exercises and that made her super horny. The instructor went away when he saw that he’s not needed anymore. She likes to make me work for a chance to fuck her, and I put in the work, trying some yoga exercises with her. She pushed me to the ground and started sucking my dick again, passionately and beautifully! She deep-throated it like a pro. Once again, she left me like that with my blue balls and didn’t follow through! But the third time, I came in the bathroom and found her in her sexy red dress. She looked so fucking beautiful and sexy. But I was frustrated and with a big case of the blue balls. I went to my bedroom, and was going to jerk my cock like a teenager when she followed me and the sex was on, once again. She’s definitely not going to get away this time. My babe pulled my pants down and started licking my shaft like a little insatiable bitch that she is. Those cute eyes kept staring at me and her mouth was doing wonders to my dick. That’s when I divided to move to a next position and not let her leave just yet.   I pulled her closer to myself, lifted her skirt a little bit and started pounding her from behind. She started screaming like a little bitch and enjoyed really much how my huge pecker felt inside her pussy! My hot girlfriend was moaning and screaming so loud that my neighbors probably heard us, but I don’t care. She felt me penetrate her all the way, and I knew that my dick couldn’t’ go any further inside her. She put her hands on a green chair as I kept going like a bull, without ever getting tired. That’s when she got up, turned around and sat on the chair. I could see her sexy little pussy as she was spreading those beautifully shaped legs. I took both of her legs and started pounding her gorgeous pussy as hard as I could. I watched those sexy tits as my cock was getting harder and harder. That’s when she decided to try a couple of yoga positions with my cock. I was laying down while she was stretching out on my dick. That felt so amazing that I couldn’t last for much longer. My flexible babe was bouncing her juicy booty up on my hard cock doing a split, and I started filling her tight pussy with my cum!