A girl was sitting on her bed at the moment her mom stepped into her bedroom. The mom sat right beside her and started talking to her. Some time went by and she started a certain topic when she thought the time is right. Her mom wanted another child with her step-dad but they just can’t make it. So, she suggested that her daughter could be a surrogate mother. The teen girl asked her if she seriously wants her to fuck her step-dad with a big smile on her face! When her dad came into the room, the little slut immediately jumped off of her bed and started unzipping his pants. After a while, his pants were down and she put his cock inside her mouth. The moment that cock touched her lips, it got very hard! The girl started gagging on it and pushing it very deep down her throat, so hard that she could hardly breathe! The mom told the daughter to lie on the bed and spread her legs. She did, waiting for her step-dad to come over and fuck her, fill her with his semen and get her pregnant! The man comes near her, spreads her skinny legs and started pounding that beautiful teen pussy with her mother supporting her in the back. Her mother gave her advice on how to fuck her step-dad since she’s got a lot of experience. The teen was holding her legs as his huge prick was penetrating her very hard. She kept begging him to fuck her hard which made him fuck her harder and faster each time she would say it. The girl’s pussy lips were so red and she loved how that dick felt inside her. That’s when she felt his dick began to squirt cum and fill her vagina with his sperm! He pulled out and his spunk ran out of her pussy and dripped and ran down her ass onto the bed. Watching that creampie leaking out of her pussy made the girl even hornier. The dad kept fucking her and wanted to come inside her a couple of times. Her mother was super happy because the things were going just fine. His cock was getting stronger and harder each time it penetrated her young tight pussy deep. The cum was dripping and overflowing her pussy and he would occasionally pull out his cock to play with all that cum oozing out of her sopping pussy. After playing with the creampie the chick was so naughty that she kept saying the dirtiest things to make him horny and continue fucking her. There was a lot of cum all over the place! Her juices mixed with her dad’s cum splashed out of her pussy and ran down her ass with every thrust. The teen wanted to experience his prick in another position. The young naked girl got on top of him, supported herself on her legs and started riding that cum-covered hard prick. Her mother was getting quite horny with watching her daughter bounce all over her husband’s hard cock.   The babe kept riding him until he came for the second time. That’s when he bent her over and started pounding her little pussy from behind. The girl felt the cum dripping from her clit, running down her legs, splashing everywhere! He fucked his sexy step daughter harder and harder until he pushed his last reserve of cum and filled her pussy with it completely! The girl felt so happy with all that cum inside her tight little snatch! After he has pulled out his cock, her pussy is filmed close-up with his a sticky creamy goo is being squeezed out. Welcome to the world’s best creampie site! These teen girls are so hot and fuck so good our guys have to shoot MULTIPLE LOADS in every scene! Some girls take it in the pussy, some even take it in the ass. If you’re into creampies, then this is the right site for you.