Have you ever seen a sexy girl get bored while she is walking around in the streets, and maybe a little bit horny, so she decides to tease you a bit? Well, this girl lost something in her bag so she decided to look for it in the most provocative way possible. She looked incredible in that cute form-fittng white mini-dress, and those sexy heels. The sexy babe got down and spread her legs while she was checking her purse and made sure that her white panties were out here in plain sight. She was purposely flashing me her panties. The girl looked incredible teasing me. She didn’t say anything, but I could see by the look on her face that she knew I was watching. The horny little slut kept flirting with me, flashing me her panties in front of me sitting with her legs open enough for me to see her panty. We walked around a bit, too. At one point she decided to stop and dance a bit. The dance was very sexual so obviously, doing upskirt teasers, she wanted to tease me even more. And I didn’t mind that at all. Though again when we stopped walking for a while she dropped that ass again and started dancing so I decided to go somewhere more private so I could check her out better. We made our way inside an apartment and the girl was obviously a natural performer so she danced for me absolutely naked this time, and seeing her move that perfect ass up and down got me really worked up. Watching her dancing fully naked to music was something! She’s got some great twerking skills, and that butt is made for it. She’s a supercute, petite blonde with the perfect legs and butt! She was full of energy, she lay on her back, spread her legs and started rubbing herself, exposing her private parts! I had never seen a pussy more beautiful than her. Up close, I saw that she had long labia, and she stretched, played with them, then started fingering herself. She stretched out her pink pussy lips and showed me her clit! The beautiful naked girl grabbed a dildo and started fucking herself in front of me, going for hard pounding while rubbing herself until she has another orgasm! Her tight little place ended up accomodating it quite well. Notice when it went deep, you could see her tummy rise past the pelvic bone. Getting kinky, she took a long cucumber and started penetrating herself with it going as deep as it could go in several positions, including riding it. This girl is so cute, the most beautiful pussy, titties, cute little ass and pretty face. 