One day, I was surprised to see a girl hiding and running away from her ex! Her ex suddenly appeared in his car looking for her, so I told him that I haven’t seen her around. I took the girl inside to hide her properly and she was really moved by my generosity! We went inside and the horny slut got on her knees immediately to thank me. I just stood there as she unzipped my pants and started blowing me just beautifully! I had never seen such a slut before! She was so beautiful and got hornier with each time my cock penetrated that sexy mouth. As she took off her clothes, I figured that this cutie was ready to go all the way. After she finished that amazing blowjob, the skinny naked girl bent over by the table and teased me to come over and fuck her hard. I came close and started fucking her little pussy as hard as I could. She started screaming at my monster cock was sliding into her wet pussy with no problems. The blondie started moaning and driving me insane with all the sexy sounds she made. The tiny girl used her small hands to spread her butt cheeks in order for my cock to slide inside like a charm. I could see her anus puckering with each forceful thrust of my hard cock. The slut turned around and started blowing me again with the sexiest stare she pointed at me. I could see how much she loved putting that glance deep inside her little mouth. Her ex boyfriend should had fucked his slut girlfriend properly! This little slut wanted more and that’s what she’ll get. I spread her legs and started fucking her little cunt as hard as I could. She was staring at me to make me go harder and faster. He cunt was soaking wet and it was a true pleasure feeling the insides of her cunt. The young naked girl used her hands to lift her legs up and help me fuck her easier! I pushed my whole fist inside her mouth and she seemed to enjoy it! The little cunt was ready to do anything to repay me! She wanted a bit of a control, so I laid down on the floor while she rode me with that little cunt! Man, that felt great, the cool of the floor and the warmth of her pussy! It wasn’t long before I came and filled that little cunt with the biggest load of cum. I enjoyed fucking her so much that I’m glad to be one of her ex’s! 