Holy shit I did not expect to see this. I thought girls stopped doing these kinds of things. You know, when they grow up getting naked like this would be a bit too awkward. But either way, I enjoyed this so I guess I couldn’t really bother. So the girls put on their jammies and I sneaked up on them. The girls were sleeping together and I could see their bare titties. I decided to pull a little prank on my step sister and two her friends, I got some cream and I put it in their hands and I tickled them afterward, and luckily they smudged that cream all over their tits, which was really hot. The girls woke up covered in the sweet white cream, and they were pissed because it was not the fun kind. I don’t get pissed for pranks like these, honestly. Like, you could pour mustard in my nostrils while I am asleep and honestly I wouldn’t be as mad as they were. But the strangest this was how the girls decided to let all of that anger go. They started chasing me around the house, which was expected, but then the girls told me to strip naked! Their goal was to see me with my cock out, and eventually, I decided to throw the pillow away which I used to conceal my privates, and they finally got what they were looking for. One of the girls grabbed onto it and I got really horny so It was pointless to hold back at this point. After a few strokes with their hands, the girls made me lay down on the sofa where they teased me a bit. They got horny after that, really horny! They just couldn’t help tasting my dick. The three naked girls grabbed my dick and started sucking on it as hard as they possibly could. They were mean, honestly. They probably wanted to humiliate me by making me cum as soon as possible, and that’s mean. One of the girls made sure to suck on my shaft all the time while the other girl would help her out by licking my balls. Then the naked girls all got lined up and started making out with each other and I knew I had to join. I decided to lick them all from head to and I spent some extra time on their nipples, too. Their titties felt like heaven in my mouth. After that, I got them lined up on my bed.   Three horny naked girls with their asses up in the air waited whose pussy I would fuck first. I pushed my hard dick into one girl and started fucking her. While I fucked one of the girls the other two sluts got really jealous, seeing how good I was at it and they got really impatient so I had to switch some holes real quick. I made sure that the girls all moaned in pleasure, and then after some short rest, it was time for round two fucking these big booty besties. I gripped hard on their tatted butts and fucked them harder and hard as time went by, somehow my stamina was amazing. The girls were really into it, and they were into each other, too. That’s why they kissed while we banged. Then it was time for the girls to ride me one by one, and we didn’t stop until they made me cum all over them! Three naked girls sucked my throbbing dick, trying to get the most cum!