I’ve always felt for my stepdaughter ever since I hooked up with my wife I knew that I was eventually to talk the cute little girls into some freaky stuff. I mean, my wife is a total bombshell anyway, but I knew that what I wanted was the young girl. And naturally, the sexual tension kept rising. She liked me back, so we knew that we were going to do it eventually, and one day all hell broke loose at the table in the kitchen, even while my wife was still there! My wife didn’t see as I placed my hand on my daughter’s thighs and slipped my finger between her legs. She was very moist and I pushed my fingers into her little pussy. My shy and innocent step daughter started sucking me off while I was still talking to her and I could hardly control myself because she was just so gorgeous. However, it didn’t stop there. At this point it was obvious we had to keep going. I caught her changing her clothes in the bedroom, and I knew that it was about to go down in here. We played around and fondled each other’s privates here until I decided that her underwear was not exactly needed in this situation, so I stripped her down and started to prepare her slowly for my cock. I checked her pussy out properly before going in, rubbed it a bit and then I put the entire thing inside her. As I slowly pushed the cock deeper inside her virgin pussy, I felt her insides tighter and grip harder onto my tool, and she barely could stop herself from moaning. The young woman breathed harder and harder, so I had to cover up her mouth, I knew that this way we wouldn’t be caught in the act. But either way, her mother came inside the room and checked up on us again, which wasn’t exactly problematic since we already got used to such interruptions. Then again she got her titties all up in my face, and as I looked at the I felt myself getting hornier and hornier. I couldn’t know that her body was so beautiful, and I truly regret not fucking her earlier. The little piercings in her tits were really cute and then she brushed her nipples against my cock and I could feel the cold metal brush against the tip of my penis. “Lay back, stepdaddy, and let me suck that fat dick of yours. But we better keep it down so mom doesnt walk in on us!”   The naked girl sucked on it a bit and went in like a real slut, she even spat on it and made sure that the top she gave me was really sloppy. Then she couldn’t hold back anymore and decided to ride me. Again, her face was facing me and she rubbed her little pussy against my cock slowly so that her clitoris would be stimulated too as she brushed it against my body. Then the young naked girl went back to bouncing because she obviously regained her stamina while the unexpected break was still going on. Then she moved away and started to ride me again, but this time it was in reverse cowgirl, and this shit was the hottest thing ever. Her ass was so nice and I’m glad I got to see it close up like this. I then bent her over and kept pounding her from the back until she and I reached orgasm. I couldn’t stop cumming in her open mouth even when her mother came inside the room and saw me fucking my step daughter!