After spending a hot steamy night with this gorgeous young teenage girl I ended up losing my wedding ring, which was a major issue. Obviously, my wife wasn’t okay with these hookups I was having, and they were quite frequent, so I had to cover them up, and I can’t really do that if I lose my ring. I mean, where could I have possibly lost it? It would be impossible to explain that to my wife. Furthermore, this skater chick just wouldn’t back off and let me search for the ring, and then she started teasing me about it. And that wasn’t what I needed right now, but then she started to strip a bit, and she spread her legs for me and started rubbing her pussy. She even asked me if maybe the ring wasn’t down there. Obviously, it wasn’t. But I needed something to cheer me up either way so that I could keep going. I still had to find that ring but this little rush of dopamine that I would gain from having sex with this slut would make this better, so I played again and started rubbing her pussy with my hands and the slut reacted to that marvelously. The hot teen got wetter and wetter until she became a big sloppy mess, which meant that she got way too horny to hold back so we got down to the job and started having oral sex. She made sure to stay down low in front of me on her knees and she sucked on me as if I was a lollipop. I slapped her tongue with my dick. I then took her head in my hands and started slowly fucking her mouth as she slurped and gasped for air. She sucked me dry, for real. The slut sucked my dick so good that I thought I would cum right in her mouth. And then we were interrupted rudely by my wife!!! The slut slammed the door shut and came back to fuck me some more. I couldn’t believe what she just had done.   I tried to say something but the slut got on top of me with her front facing me and then she got my cock inside her tight little pussy and started riding me. Her insides gripped onto my cock tighter and tighter and I felt as if I was in heaven. My entire body twitched and so did hers. I forgot about my wife and enjoyed the slut’s cunt squeezing my dick and her wet lips massaging my balls. Her tits bounced up and down, but I wanted to see them bounce harder so I decided to hold onto her body while I got my hips into action. And so, we kept on fucking like that until we moved to the bed where the girl held onto it tightly and her rear was facing me this time. I could pound it as hard as I wanted this time but she didn’t let me move for a while either way. Instead, she moved her hips and then only after she was done doing what she wanted, she let me move my cock on my own again. After that, I suppose she got thirsty for my cock some more, so she pushed me onto the sofa and she let me fuck her throat like that. Then she did some reverse cowgirl until we both came.