This young lesbian always had a thing her friend’s mom, and today she is invited over to make a spicy launch! The woman is so sexy, long slim legs, those boobs, long blond hair, her body is naturally sculpted perfection, fantastic! Looking at her friend’s mom the young girl thinks thought about her perfect body, her breasts and her wet pussy. The girls were eating, and the teen couldn’t help touching the mom’s panties with her foot under the table. As her friend went into the bathroom, her mom came close to her… the teen girl was embarrassed and did not know what to do. The sexy woman placed her hand on her panties and slipped her hand into them. Then she pulled her cum soaked panties aside and started rubbing her soaking wet pussy! Unfortunately, the daughter came back and the action had to stop. That summer was the first summer that she had started to think sexually about girls, masturbating all the time and fantasizing about naked girls but she had never had sex, especially with a woman. She couldn’t stop thinking about what just had happened. Her teen pussy was throbbing with excitement. Her friend’s mom passed a note to her, saying that she wants her in the bathroom, ASAP. The girl went there and the sexy mom immediately started kissing her and taking her clothes off! Her friend’s lesbian mom was seducing her and it was her first lesbian experience! The hotny blonde tore her panties off and started licking her little pussy, kissing it, toching her sensitive clit and her pussy lips with her tongue, sucking her wet pussy lips into her mouth, it was amazing! The mom was going mad with her pussy in her mouth, she threw the young girl on the ground right away, got into a scissoring position, pulled her bra off and pushed the girl’s face in between those perfect rounds tits! She pulled her bra off and started kissing her tits until she lifted one of her legs and started to rub her pussy against hers. The lesbians were both moaning and getting hornier with each passing minute. The girls were almost naked, on the floor and locked together in a scissors position so that their pussies were rubbing against each. The experienced cougar god down and started doing wonders to her pussy with nothing but her hand. Her pussy was all red and ready to be fucked. The crazy milf lifter he body and started kissing her pussy in such a seductive way. The teenage girl raised her naked ass high in the air and spread her ass cheeks as wide as possible. The woman licked her pussy and her ass with her tongue so good, kissing her asshole, rimming her anus, sucking on her clit and tongue fucking her open vagina. Her young pussy was shiny and smooth. It was girl’s time to try a pussy for the very first time, so she pressed the mom against the wall and started licking her cunt while the lesbian MILF was holding one of her legs in the air. It was the first time the girl tasted a pussy. The blonde was moaning and grinding her cunt and making her tongue fuck her so hard that she tasted her juices.   The blonde babe was going to cum but her daughter suddenly interrupted them. It was time to get more comfortable, so the girls both went to the bathroom on the milf’s huge comfy bed. The sexbomb milf threw the little lesbian on the bed, spread her legs and started drilling her cunt once again. Her tongue really went deep inside it and she definitely knew what she was doing. It was time for a position 69. The milf had her pussy in her mouth while her cunt was in the teen’s mouth at the same time. The naked girls were now in the state of complete ecstasy and they enjoyed each other’s pussies really much. The brunette girl suddenly decided to take over the control, so she pulled the blonde, lifted her legs and started rubbing herself against her pussy as if she was fucking her. The blonde got in the position of power once again and shoved her cunt inside her horny little mouth! The lesbians both experienced the most amazing oral orgasm and went back to the kitchen so that the daughter doesn’t suspect anything.