So this one fathers day turned out to be quite special for this lucky old man who was married to this gorgeous woman who had an even more gorgeous daughter. She decided to tell her daughter to make sure that her daddy has the best fathers day ever, and there were a few ways to achieve that. Gianna was always a creative kid, and she decided to make sure that he felt special today, even though he is her stepfather. So the sexy babe got outside and found her father while he was grilling, and she decided to strip down slowly for him before he noticed, and when he did, he was quite surprised. Just take a look at this naked girl! She is so beautiful, innocent, what a perfect young body, nice tits and smooth, clean shaved pussy! After a brief conversation where she told him she knew that he has been looking at her strange quite often he got a bit too horny to hold back, and so he let his stepdaughter go down to her knees and then the naked girl started sucking on his cock like a good little slut. She sucked harder and harder while he moaned quietly and then her mother comes outside to where the barbecue was and talks to the father briefly and after that the naked girl ran off. The horny daddy took her to the back of the house where he decided to punish her for being such a bad little girl, and this meant she had to receive a nice load of cock up her tight little pussy. He pounded her from the back and rammed her pussy harder as time went on, and pulled on her hair. Just take a look at this cute little ass and his dick between her ass cheeks, awesome! Her mother interrupts them again! Gianna drags him into her bedroom, where she can get properly fucked! The beautiful naked girl gets her little pussy penetrated in several different positions. The lucky old man licks her yummy pussy, her titties, fucked all her holes with his prick, slamming hard and deep into her, thrusting and grinding, pushing in and pulling out! The girl has one orgasm, then another, her teen pussy gets fucked hardcore before she receives a giant load all over her beautiful face. 