This girl had a two o’clock appointment with a hairdresser, so she asked her boyfriend to wait for her in the waiting room. As they came inside, two devilish and busty babes in sexy red dresses greeted them and welcomed them inside. The sluts immediately saw the way her boyfriend was checking them out, so one of them took the girl and did everything that needs to be done. There was nothing left but to wait until this girl’s hair gets dry under a drier, and they had some time to full around with her boyfriend. One of the girls in devilish red dresses thought of an idea. She gave the headphones to listen to some music! The girl started listening to music, clueless about what’s about to happen behind her back. Those two sluts came over to her boyfriend and started teasing him with their sexy bodies. One of the girls started unzipping his pants and loved to see that the boy is not putting up any fight! Her sexy friend join her and they were sucking this lucky bastard as if it was their last time in their life. The girls kept licking it, both from each side and the boy felt like in heaven! It was time for this party to get going. The stunning black floozy grabbed his big young dick and placed it just below her horny little pussy! Her heart started pounding with the thought that she’s about to have a hard dick inside her. His wet dick slide right inside her wet cunt and the sexy black girl started moaning and enjoying it like anything! The other chick got her pussy just above his mouth and she ordered him to suck her cunt as hard as he could. The boy enjoyed the taste of that pussy and gave her a really nice oral! The black bitch was riding him very skillfully and her amazing tits were bouncing around in the air. The horny blonde wanted a piece of cake, so pushed her over, grabbed his cock and claimed her piece of the action. The black slut didn’t mind, she loved the way her friend was horny! It was black girl’s turn to get back on that saddle! He squeezed her astonishing butt as she was riding him with her nipples in his mouth! The boy felt like teaching them both a lesson, got up and started fucking each one of them in a hardcore doggy style. First, he wanted to please the black chick, so he bent her over and pounded away for a couple of minutes. When he saw that the bitch is satisfied, he switched over to the blonde and smashed her pussy from behind very hard. While he was fucking her, she was licking her friend’s pussy with her skillful tongue. The boy kept fucking these sluts and gave them a load of cum right next to his girlfriend! 