This kid has the sexiest busty teacher on the planet! He stayed with her after class to go over a couple of things and while she was teaching, he got the biggest boner that he had to do something about! He put his school bag over his dick and started jerking it while watching that huge tight ass and big round tits! His teacher comes over, finds him jerking off and instantly gets super-horny! “thats it. wank your fucking cock for your teacher.” She immediately sat on the table, spread her sexy legs and pushed his face into her pussy lips. The class jerk started licking that cunt. “want to see my big tits?” The sexy teacher pulled her knockers out and the boy started sucking on them until she went down on her knees and started blowing his prick! “don’t cum. I’m not finished with you… Lets get your big cock between these tits” she gave him the best tit job the world has seen! The boy hardly constrained himself not to come on her boobs and the game was just about to begin. The teacher pulled down her panties, got on the table with him laying down and started riding his prick beautifully! The MILF is so hot and those tits are great! Her tits were bouncing around all over the place and the sexy blonde screamed without the fear that someone might hear them. He wanted to show off a bit, so he bent the bitch over and pounded her ass from behind as hard as he could. “get your fucking hands on my tits!” The boy was constantly grabbing her huge tits from behind while fucking her doggy style. His naked teacher then sat him down on a chair and started to slide up and down on his hard-erect cock. She kept squeezing those huge tits while moaning and making the sexiest sounds that drove him insane. The MILF decided to finish him off, got to her feet and started massaging his cock with her big round tits. She got fully naked, put his young cock in her mouth and enjoyed sucking the life out of it! “do you always wank in a bag? are you going to wank it into my face? c’mon wank your cock into my face” He filled her slutty mouth with his juicy cum! 