My step sister was enjoying the sunshine by the pool when she noticed me practicing my Jesus Loves You bit. I told her that Jesus did indeed love her, and that he still does. She didn’t believe in any of that crap, so the slut decided to have some fun with me, flashing her perky little tits and grinding her godless ass against me. She was so sexy, young, beautiful, my thoughts were racing with lust and sinful ideas. I was a virgin and the slut couldn’t pass up the opportunity to tease me. Then she came up with an idea to teach me how to jerk off!!! I laid on my back and my horny sister pulled out my penis, grabbed it with both hands and started moving her hands up and down. That was my first time masturbating, ever and I liked it so much! I started playing with my cock and masturbate all around the house, in my room, then in the bathroom and my sister caught me a few times. I moved to my bedroom, hoping to nut in peace, but here comes my devilish stepsis again. To be honest, I like feeling exposed. And she liked seeing me with little to no clothes on, stroking my thick cock. Keep in mind that this girl isn’t my actual sister, but she’s just pretending. So, even if I actually fuck her, it won’t be morally wrong, alright? My sister told me that masturbating wasn’t bad but I didn’t need to jerk off all the time. She said that there was something better than masturbation, she made me lay on the bed after that, and this is where the fun started. She decided to show me how oral sex is done! Her mouth felt wonderful around my cock and her unconscious sucking of my knob had my balls tightening and my legs shaking. The feeling was sensational, I’d never had my dick sucked. She started going at it hard as fuck. Sucking my cock like a good little slut should. She was quite experienced though, and her tongue circles around the tip of my cock quite naturally, so it was an amazing experience. Suddenly I felt I was cumming in her mouth! I couldn’t stop! Both of my fists grabbed the sheets and my toes curled. My stepsis was in shock but swallowed the load. “You can’t just cum in my mouth!” As I mentioned before, this is NOT my actual sister. So it’s not wrong. And she knew it wasn’t wrong as well. So she decided it was time for me to have real sex with a woman, instead of with my hand. She stripped off her shorts and her soaked panties, exposing her naked ass and her pussy for me. I had never seen a pussy before, my dick was throbbing, aching in my shorts. Jesus Christ, I couldn’t believe she was doing this. I just wanted to bury my cock deep inside her tight pussy.   My slutty sister got me on the bed and climbed on top of me, guiding my virgin cock into her wet pussy. The little slut placed my dick at the entrance to her pussy and began grinding back and forth, rub my dick between her pussy lips, rubbing her stiff clit against the head of my dick. Then she grabbed it and guided my dick right into her cunt! The feeling of her vagina around my penis was amazing! My sister moaned with pleasure, moving up and down faster and faster. Soon she rode it like an absolute fucking beast, and we switched positions a few times, and I was just about to cum, but she changed positions in the right moment and started coming at me in reverse cowgirl. I decided that I should have more control over the situation and so I laid her on the back again and started pounding her pink pussy. We kept this up and eventually me hitting her from the back made her cum really fucking hard. “I want you to cum in my mouth, all over my face” she was screaming! I did, filling her mouth with sperm. After I exorcised my demons all over her hungry mouth, I suggested us both go to church. American Protestantism was obviously going this way, and I don’t think pastor Jim would disprove of my methods.