If there’s one thing I hate, it’s people digging through my shit without my permission. Seriously, how can they just feel comfortable doing shit like that? Pulling the drawer out, fucking all of my shit up and acting as if it’s okay? Geez. Though, this time it was this teenage girl being careless as fuck and thinking she could steal something from me. However, I caught her in the act and obviously we had some talking to do. Keep in mind that once you catch someone trespassing on your own property, the law allows you to literally shoot them. That’s how it is in the land of the free. God bless America. At least it used to be like that; I’m not sure about the laws today. So I couldn’t take any chances, and I had to play the safest cards. So this girl was an absolute hoe. The blonde teen slut with long ponytails was wearing clothes, but at the same time, she wasn’t really wearing any clothes. You feel? Literally covering up nothing. It was obvious that she would give it up easily. So this teenage girl and I obviously had some work to do. After startling her, she got all horny, and I got her to strip all of her clothes and quickly enough, her submissiveness kicked in. The beautiful young naked girl was rubbing her shaved cunt in front of me, caressing her small titties and her clit, spreading her ass cheeks and exposing her fat pussy burger. She was down on her knees in a matter of seconds. Good thing she acted like a good little girl; otherwise, I might have changed my mind and pulled out the trusty Glock. This time though pulling out the cock was sufficient. She was begging to get her little throat fucked, and she moaned like a little slut while my shaft was rubbing against the walls of her throat, while she showed little to no resistance. Keep in mind that this hoe was supposed to be some sort of a fearless thief. A gangster. What a fucking joke. And she didn’t even mind getting humiliated like this, so who knows. Maybe she expected this? I literally don’t care. This is the outcome that I wanted. Her instincts kicked in and she drooled all over my big cock to warm it up for what was about to come and we kept going harder and harder until it was time for me to slide my entire length deep inside her meaty cunt. And after the young naked girl spread her legs and made sure that I have a clear entrance inside her, I did so. God, she did look like a slut but fuck she was tight.   We kept moving out hips vigorously and having the wildest sex. Stockholm syndrome sex you know. I pushed my cock harder and harder in her young body, I had my cock all the way in when I felt my cum was being delivered deep in her vagina. I pulled out leaving a huge creampie in her cunt. My semen leaking out of her pussy and dripping to the sofa where it formed a puddle. There was so much cum in her cunt. Even though I came, I kept fucking that hot teen babe, trying to get every bit out of this as I could. The girl was a prisoner in here after all. I just pounded into her even harder. Cum was splattering her ass, my balls and the sofa. Her cunt was filled with my cum and it was dripping from her clit when I fucked her from behind. Man, the sight of a pussy glistening with cum is the best thing ever. The teen whore felt my cock throb and throb inside her vagina and gob after gob of cum inundated her cunt again and again. One more creampie, and another one… Her bubble ass was becoming covered with streams of my jizz as it squirted out of her cunt with each stroke of my dick. I came inside her few times and showed her what a real man could do. I bet the teen slut loved it and she ate it up like a good girl.