This hot brunette cougar is prepping a batch of dirty laundry in her bedroom. She walks away and her stepdaughter, a beautiful blonde teen with glasses sneaks in. The teenage girl is wearing a sexy top, shorts, hoodie and striped cotton socks and she looks between the pile of dirty laundry until she finds what she’s looking for, a pair of her stepmom’s used panties. Her scent turns her on and as she sniffs them, she reached under her short and touches herself. Her pussy is already so wet! She’s so into it, she doesn’t notice when her stepmom comes back, catching her red handed. Seeing the teen girl getting off while sniffing on her panties turns her on too. The lesbian MILF sits by her side, grabbing her by her hair, making her open her mouth and stuffing her soiled panties inside it, much to her stepdaughter’s delight. The hot woman shows the girl the sexy purple lace lingerie she’s wearing as they start making out and she uncovers her big tits so her stepdaughter can play with them and suckle on her perky nipples. The girls strip naked and the blonde gets down on her hands and knees, feeling her stepmom’s delicious tongue wriggling inside her wet cunt, eating her out from behind. The woman spreads her ass cheeks and licks her ass crack from her clit to her anus, the full length. She has never had her asshole licked before, and the nerves around her asshole are having sensations they have never felt before, it’s awesome and she grounds her sexy ass on her mouth. The naughty blonde wants to taste her pussy too, so the cougar spreads her legs and parts her lingerie so she can lick and smooch her pink cunt. She has never tasted pussy bofore, she licks her wet clit, caressing her clit, sniffing her scent, kissing her pussy lips. The MILF lesbian slowly rubs her wet cunt in circles on hers and soon enough all their juices are mixed and the heats from their pussies are being shared.   This is so much better than just sniffing her panties! Both beautiful girls strip totally naked and scissor each other so they can trib, rubbing their gushing pussies while staring into each other’s eyes. Then perverted blonde teen gets on top of her beautiful naked mom in a 69 so they can both eat each other out at the same time. The blonde squats over her stepmom’s face and sits on her mouth, getting her pussy licked while playing with her big tits while the cougar massages her meaty cunt. The naked women start tribbing again, this time with the hot MILF on top, grabbing her big tits while grinding against the blonde’s cunt. The girls continue giving each other incredible orgasms which only make them hotter and more turned on, wanting more and more sexual pleasure from each other. The cougar plays with her stepdaughter’s pierced nipples while making her cum again and again with her delicious slick tongue!