This naughty blonde teen slut enjoys flashing her pussy to her dad’s colleague while they both sit in the kitchen counter and her daddy is on the phone in the kitchen. She’s wearing a sexy long sleeved black turtleneck top with a checkered skirt and black nylon stockings. After showing her dad’s colleague her pink cunt, she tells her daddy that she’s going out, and then beckoning his colleague to join her in her room. He follows the teen slut, finding her in her bedroom, spread legged on her bed and playing with her wet pussy, strumming her clit and moaning. He snaps his phone and takes some pictures. When the girl sees him, she signals him to come inside and join her. She knows that her daddy will be on the phone for hours as usual, so they can fuck without any worries of getting caught. She grabs him by his necktie, pulling him towards her and kissing his lips, pushing her silky pink tongue inside his mouth. The pretty little fuckdoll grabs hold of his big hard cock, putting it inside her wet mouth, sucking and licking it. She loves watching how big and hard cock gets while she’s playing with it, jerking it with her small hands and devouring it with unbridled passion. She makes loud sucking and popping sounds while she eats her daddy’s colleague’s big fat dick. Removing her top, he lies behind her on the bed, pushing his hard cock inside her small cunt. He is going to give this slutty schoolgirl the kind of wild fuck she’s been craving. He squeezes her tit and fucks her very hard while pressing her hot body against his own. He takes off her bra so he can enjoy her beautiful, creamy breasts while putting this teen bitch down on her hands and knees and ramming his cock back inside her tight cunt, pounding his colleague’s daughter doggie style from behind. He flips the girl over, putting her on her back and spreading her legs wide open while fucking her pink cunt in missionary position.   Then he lies on his back, letting the blonde teen slut straddle herself on his lap, holding his cock in her hands and guiding it inside her cunt so she can take a ride on it in cowgirl position. He grabs her butt cheeks with his hands, spreading them wide open and exposing her tender little asshole while he’s fucking her so hard. She can feel his strong hands all over her naked body and that huge throbbing erection pumping her insides nonstop. Most of her daddy’s colleague feel intimidated by her and rarely make a move when she seduces them with her pink cunt, but not this guy, he has no reservations about fucking her like a rag doll and she loves that. He even spanks her bubbly butt while she’s making it bounce up and down his large shaft, making her naked body squirm as she tightens her pussy muscles around his shaft. On top of her, he fucks her in missionary position and blows his creamy load all over her cute face and body!