This couple is going through some marital conflict due to the husband’s cheating urges and they are in dire need of marital counseling so they visit a renowned couple’s therapist. The sexy blonde with glasses finds the apparent source of conflict in the husband not being a very sexual man, something he denies vehemently. Ready to intervene, the sexy counselor hypnotizes the wife and puts her to sleep, so she can better take care of the husband’s cheating urges, rubbing his throbbing bulge over his pants! He needs to act out on his cheating fantasies so he can get it out of the way and she’s more than willing to help out, sucking and stroking his big hard cock. Working her blowjob lips up and down a married man’s cock is what this busty babe lives for! The hot blonde pulls her big tits over her blouse and places his dick between her soft titties and gets titty fucked by the horny patient. The slut spreads her legs wide open and rubs her gushing pussy right next to his sleeping wife while he licks her tight asshole. He puts her down on her hands and knees, her sexy bubbly butt jutting up as he penetrates and fucks her doggie style from behind. Omg, her pussy is so sexy! As the man fucks this beauty he glances over at his sleeping wife knowing this will definitely fix any issues they have. He has the blonde naked and pressed against him, pounding her so hard. She gets on top and takes a ride on his dick in reverse cowgirl, flipping over so he can wrap his arms around her waist while she pushes her big tits against his face. I love it when girls look that hungry for sex. The woman is truly a joy and a pleasure to watch. “fuck me like that fuck me until you want to cum all over my perfect fucking face” She drops to his knees, knowing he’s ready to cum and receives an explosive facial cumshot that leaves her beautiful face drenched with hot spunk. She knows this couple’s sexual relationship will improve greatly after her intervention and if he ever gets those cheating urges again he can always come back for an individual session! 