This sexy brunette slut with short hair, green eyes and a tight matching two piece outfit is just about to take her flight, but she seems to be having some problem while going through customs and she is stopped by the airport security when the metal detectors go on as she is passing through the security check. Since the guys can’t figure out what’s setting off the metal detectors, they take her to a small office for a thorough full body check. One of the guards bends her over a metal table and rips her pants wide open at the crotch, exposing not only her juicy bubble butt, but a giant butt plug stuffed in her ass! The slut finds herself terribly turned on by the way she is being treated, much more when the guard retrieves the butt plug form her tight asshole, stretching it out on its way out. Now she is free to go, sans her butt plug, but she much rather stay so the guard can munch on her asshole! Down on all fours on top of the metal table, she feels his huge cock rammed deep inside her gushing pussy and giving her an incredible plowing doggie style from behind. He pulls out and finger fucks her to an incredible squirting orgasm that has her gushing pussy juices all over the desk. Unbelievably hot scene! I didn’t think a pussy could squirt that much. The crazy slut squirts it straight into the guard’s mouth  while he’s jerking his hard rod. The guard lies on the metal table with the slut squatting over his huge cock so he can give her yet another squirting orgasms, making her scream at the top of her lungs. I love her, love seeing her take it in the ass as much as she does and squirt so many times. He puts the anal slut on her back, with her knees pressed against her chest and her pants round her knees, ramming his throbbing erection deep inside her gaping asshole and giving her a hard-core anal pounding. His cock is so much bigger than the butt plug, stretching her asshole even more! As this security guard pounds her little hole and grabs her perfect tits at the same time, the slut can’t help but squirt all over the interrogation room, decorating it in pussy juice! The slut bites on the fabric of her pants while squeezing that dick inside of her with her anal muscles.   This babe is funckung insane! I can’t believe to that awesome “geyser” she does! There’s anal, squirting, and a great energy. He flips her around on her back like an upside down turtle, feeding her mouth and her asshole with his sausage and the slut loves the incredible ass to mouth action. A true anal queen yesss. Adrianna is just perfect, she does anal, squirt, deepthroat/facefuck and has an amazing body. The more he fucks her asshole, the harder and faster this slut comes, squirting all over herself. The more she squirts, the more she wants more cock inside her asshole! Damn these squirts, I need to do the same to my GF now. She spreads her butt cheeks wide open with her hands to make sure she gets every inch of hard cock inside her gaping anal funnel and the security guard plows both fuck holes so she can squirt more into her own face and tits! After fucking her mouth, he blows his creamy load inside of it and the sexy slut books the next flight out missing that butt plug in her asshole but cherishing all that hot cum in her tummy! The way adriana performs is simply unreal. I can never get enough of this filthy whore. There are a lot of girls doing amazing things, but adriana just blows my mind. I wish every girl in every scene got fucked this hard in every hole.