Inadvertently, my beautiful blonde teen stepdaughter walked into the bathroom while I was taking a shower and she saw me totally naked. My back, I should have closed the door! I imagined she was upset and embarrassed by this, so I wrapped a towel around my neck and went to check on her in her bedroom. As I figured, she was quite shocked after seeing how big my cock is. I’m not trying to be arrogant, it’s just the facts. Turns out, not that she had seen me and my cock in the shower, she wanted to see more! I removed the towel, grabbing her hand and guiding it to my crotch. She started stroking it softly, feeling it throbbing and growing fully erect in her soft, gentle hands. I could tell by her face how bad she wanted to suck it. The same face her mom makes when she wants to eat my dick. She popped it in her wet mouth and began blowing me. She’s 18 and had never sucked a cock before. I held her hair as the cute girl stuffed her mouth with dick meat. She ran her hand up and down my shaft while blowing me, passing her slick tongue all over the head and making sexy sucking noises. I stripped her naked, admiring her hot, tight, nubile body as I laid her down on her back on her bed, spreading her legs wide open and sinking a couple of fingers into her gushing cunt as I played with her slit using my tongue. I started kissing her lovely pussy, her tender pussy lips, her sensitive clit, caressing her slit with my tongue. My face between her legs, licking the soft smooth pussy. The oral sex made her nude body squirm with pleasure and she moaned softly, grabbing on tightly to her pillows. With my cock fully engorged I sat her on my lap, her back and her delicious bubble shaped ass facing my way, making her bounce up and down on my rod in reverse cowgirl position. I could feel how tight she was and I knew it would take some time for her pussy to get accustomed to the girth of my cock.   The sexy teenage girl was still doing one hell of a job, flipping over and riding me in cowgirl position, kissing me on the lips and pushing her pink tongue inside my mouth. I held her by her waist, letting my hands wander down to her lush buttocks, fondling and rubbing them, slightly spreading them open. I admired the piercings on her nipples and a tattoo near her left hip as I fucked her tight cunt in missionary position. I could feel myself entering the point of no return and to my surprise, when I told her I was about to cum, the young naked girl begged me to keep my cock inside so I could blow my load inside my own stepdaughter’s pussy, what a fucking dirty fantasy! I pumped into her, last thrust, my dick was throbbing inside her pussy and I discharged all of my seed deep into her body. I could feel her pussy contracting around my cock, milking it. I watched that sticky creampie oozing from her slit as she passed her fingers up and down, smearing my cum all over her pussy lips while begging me to keep fucking her doggie style! She wanted me to keep fucking her and cum on her cute face.