So, I met these two crazy teen lesbians down in the park one day. We were talking and one of the girls said that she’s planning on losing her virginity with another one. Those two sluts even decided to go one step further and to do it in front of me! I couldn’t believe my eyes when the teenage girls started kissing each other very passionately! I thought they were just teasing me, but one of them took another girl’s cute summer dress and started licking her stunning tits and hard nipples. I was hypnotized by the scenes, and they knew it. The lesbians were playing with each other’s perky breasts, squeezing them, and sucking on each other’s sensitive nipples, for some really sensual breast play. After having fun for a while, two girls decided to take this party indoors, so they invited me over to their house. As I gladly agreed, we all went there and straight to their bedroom! The girls didn’t waste much time, once butt naked, the redhead started going down on her girlfriend, showing her how oral sex was done. So she threw the sexy blonde on the bed, spread her sexy legs and started licking her wet and burning hot pussy. The girl was in a state of ecstasy as the redhead’s tongue was doing wonders to her sexy little pussy. She actually got her to orgasm with visible vaginal contractions with her mouth! That’s when the blonde wanted to take over the control. She turned the redhead to her belly, spread her butt cheeks and started licking her beautiful pussy, tasting her clit, fingering her cute little asshole, spreading her vagina with her fingers. The teen lesbian gaped her friend’s vagina so good on camera that you can see all the insides of her vagina. That’s when the young naked girls decided to have some fun with redhead stuffing her little pussy with a red dildo, cumming right in front of her friend’s face! After a while, the redhead spread the blonde’s legs and started pushing her whole fist inside her virgin pussy! The tiny girl screamed while feeling her hand inside her really deep. Her whole hand went in deep, and she got fist fucked hard from different positions. Notice how wide she could gape her pussy after such stretching action! I took the view right inside her open vagina to ogle her glistening cervix and you can see her vagina walls moving. Then the naked girl took a red bouncy ball deep inside her pussy, then pushed it out, seeing how far she could use her strong vagina muscles to shoot it out! You can see her pussy and anus contracting close-up. After a little dance session in cute bra/panties/heels, the girls took a large double-ended dildo into each other deeply, trying some rather unique positions! 