This teenage girl was not looking forward to her family fourth of July activities. She was going to try her best to get out of it, no matter what it would take. The slut wanted to go to this party so bad that she decided to suck her stepdad’s dick! As she was sucking it in the living room, her step-bro came by and saw what she was doing. He went over to notify his step-mom and she reacted furiously! The mom wanted revenge, she laid the guy down, grabbed his dick and started sucking her stepson’s cock right behind her daughter and her husband! This was now turning into the wildest family orgy! Two of those sexy bitches became so horny that the girls joined forces in riding dicks! The naked girls first got on the ground with their backs pressed against each other and sucked swallowed those cocks very deep into their throats. After sucking those huge dicks for a while, two of these stunning blondes started riding those dicks like experienced professionals! The mom and daughter both have such extraordinary butts and just love to slide up and down on those things. They were both screaming and competing with each other to see who can ride faster. There are tits bouncing around all over the place and they both enjoyed how their slutty pussies felt. The men just sat there and enjoyed having two of these stunning women riding their cocks. Two of the blondes turned around and continued riding the cocks with their asses facing the boys. The girls looked at each other and got horny by looking at each other’s hot bodies. They were both screaming and enjoying this sexual rapture! That’s when the boys decided to get some action too, so they bent them over and started pounding their huge butts. The girls screamed and enjoyed being penetrated by the biggest dicks they ever experienced in their lives! The boys fucked them in the same tempo, so they both got onto their feet and filled their mouths with lots of cum! This turned into a firework filled fourth of July with plenty of relative cum to go around. The bitches loved it! Happy 4th of July family strokers! 