This smoking hot, tattooed, short haired brunette cougar soaps up her big tits stunning body in the shower. The hot water turns her on, making her fondle her big tits, juicy bubble butt and dripping wet cunt. Once downstairs, the MILF serves her husband breakfast. Her huge tits busting out of her bathrobe and her husband is not the least bit excited? he deserves to be cheated on! She hears him bitch and whine about his son and how lazy he is. She promises her husband she will do whatever it takes to get her stepson out of bed and take control of his life and she plans on delivering on her promise, even if that means taking control of his big dick with her pretty blowjob lips! The slut goes to his bedroom and removes the sheets on his bed, exposing his naked body and his fully erect morning wood, throbbing so hard. Opening her robe to expose her hot body and big tits, she grabs his hard cock, sucking and stroking it. She knows sex is a great motivational resource! She has to hide behind the door when her husband comes around, but keeps teasing his son from behind his back! When the old fart finally leaves them alone, the beautiful naked woman pounces on her stepson’s lap, impaling her wet cunt on his hard shaft and riding him in cowgirl position, letting her big tits bounce up and down. “oh fuck its so big in my pussy… stretch my pussy out with that big cock” He fucks the MILF hard in missionary position while grabbing unto her big tits and squeezing them hard. She stands and grabs on to the couch as he continues fucking her with one leg up in the air. He has her juicy bubble butt sideways and is fucking her cunt so hard. The ass standing position is fucking great. She promises to let him keep fucking her as long as he agrees to take control of his life, just like he’s taking control of his hot stepmom’s dripping wet pussy! “You better give me that fucking cum are you going to give me that cum?” He pounds that mature hole as long as he can hold back, pulling out only to unload all over her huge boobs. A perfect cumshot covers her pretty face and big tits. 