This is a great 4th of July! While her husband is cooking up one hell of a family barbecue, grilling some burgers and sausages, his beautiful mature wife is much more interested in her stepdaughter’s boyfriend’s meaty sausage, especially while she watches her stepdaughter sucking and stroking it just a few feet away from her daddy. He may not be seeing her, but she is, and she likes what she sees, she has a wekness for big, hard, meaty, juicy young cocks. Tattooed and wearing a skimpy bikini with denim shorts, the MILF kneels next to her stepdaughter and takes that hard cock straight from her hands, popping it into her wet mouth and sucking it hard. His girlfriend is not too happy about this, but she knows she has to stay quiet, unless she wants her daddy to find out what she’s doing behind his back. The sluts share his hefty cock, passing it back and forth between them and giving him a delicious double blowjob. While his girlfriend sucks his cock, her horny mom massages his balls and jerks him off. Unfortunately, the barbecue is ready, so the girls have to stop, at least for a while. While she leans against her husband as she enjoys his meal, the boyfriend sneaks up behind her, pulling her shorts and panties down and playing with her ass! She spreads her butt cheeks for him and feels that delicious hot dog right between her buns! The MILF is getting fucked by her daughter’s boyfriend right behind her husband and she loves it! Of course, her stepdaughter shows up and sides up right next to her so she can get some of that cock in her wet snatch too! Making up some cheap excuse, the girls leave her husband downstairs and run up to the bedroom, pouncing on the young man’s sausage and devouring it together.   The mom and daughter strip naked and the cougar straddles herself on top, impaling her mature cunt on his young cock and riding him in cowgirl position while the teen girl plays with her pussy and his dick. Then it’s her turn to get on top and take a wild ride in reverse cowgirl position and the naked girls get into a steamy 69, eating each other out while they suck and get fucked by the boyfriend’s delicious pecker. The cougar spreads her legs wide open in missionary and rubs her cunt while her stepdaughter lubes up her boyfriend’s cock for her with her saliva and watches her get fucked. Then she eats her out while down on her hands and knees, getting her tight snatch fucked doggy style from behind by her boyfriend. He just keeps banging the girls both and watching them have the hottest lesbian sex together, he just can’t believe how lucky he is to have a sexy girlfriend and a hot cougar stepmom that don’t mind sharing his dick with each other and he hopes the dad doesn’t find out what’s going on until he gets to blow his load! Don’t miss more sneaky sex scenes with MILFs and teens!