I went over my next-door neighbor to borrow some tools and while passing by the bathroom window I could see my neighbors’ incredibly hot daughter totally naked in the shower, her skinny body covered in soapy suds as she bathed. I was so turned on, I just stood there watching her. When the young naked girl turned over and saw me, she looked down, saw the throbbing bulge between my legs and gave me a sly smile, inviting me to join her in the shower, since her daddy was not around! Once there, on her knees, she dropped my pants and admired my burgeoning erection. Taking it with both hands, she lifted it, passing her tongue all over the underside of my cock, from my ball sack all the way up to the tip, collecting the precum glistening on it with her silky tongue. The teen slut licked and sucked my cock slowly, making delicious slurping sounds and moaning as she gave me head. My wife have never given me a blowjob. I grabbed the girl’s head with my hands, pushing it against my crotch, ramming my cock down her throat, making her choke and gag on my erection. Opening her mouth, she stretched out her tongue and I slapped my dick against it. Awesome! Then I lied flat on my back and the naked teen squat on top, pushing my hard cock deep inside her tight pussy and riding me in reverse cowgirl position. Her tight, young pussy felt so good wrapped around my cock. Holding her by her hips, her body bounced up and down while taking my shaft. It felt so good being inside her that I just couldn’t resist blowing my load. I felt I was cumming, deep into her vagina. I pulled out and thick cum began oozing from her slit and down my dick and balls! This really turned this bitch on, so I pushed my cock back inside her and continued fucking her. Using my cum as lube, she smeared it all over her naked body, making squishy sounds as she flipped over and continued riding cock in cowgirl position. Her perfect bubble butt just kept bouncing against my lap, pushing all that hot cum deeper into her cunt as we banged like crazy in the shower.   This was getting me so fucking turned on, I was just plowing away at her muff, like a fucking jack hammer spurting hot jizz inside her vaginal funnel. One more huge messy pussy creampie! I just couldn’t stop cumming in the neighbors’ daughter fucking in the shower! I made her get up and stand, bending her over and shoving my dick back inside her dripping cum cunt, fucking her hard from behind while she held on tight to the shower walls. It seemed like the sperm was never going to stop leaking out of her body. I felt another orgasm cumming and I pushed my dick as deep as possible in her muff, injecting it with yet another sticky load of hot cum. What can I tell you, man? I just couldn’t stop cumming inside my neighbor’s daughter’s delicious pussy! I had filled her womb with so much spunk that it wouldn’t stop leaking out of her swollen and reddened pussy lips. The more cum she had inside her, the more that cum loving slut wanted, begging me to keep fucking her faster, harder and deeper so I could get a couple more sticky loads of hot cum inside her pussy, leaving her creampied and satisfied!