If there’s anything I hate its people who do not respect other peoples property. I mean, this is America for god’s sake. Here we value capitalist values above anything else. Here we believe in things such as private property. Take a look at this situation. Three naughty schoolgirls skip the fence and decide to use this guys pool just for fun, and the teenage girls think they can get away with this shit for free just because. Well, it didn’t work out like that for them. The babes took off their uniforms to splash around in the hot tub, and the sexy black babe floated in the pool. Sexy girls in white socks wet and dirty! Wounderful! The black girl pulled her panties aside and played with her pussy in the sunshine. She was so distracted, she didn’t even notice when the owner showed up and ordered them all out. Luckily their pussies were trimmed nicely though, and the owner of the pool liked that very much so it probably reduced their time being captive out there. The babes took a little bath, but the girl with long braids did not feel like getting out of the pool and evading the owner, probably because she knew what the punishment would be if she did not obey him. He quickly got her to choke on his dick and balls. As her besties watched from behind a tree, she gave “Mr. White” a blowjob to apologize for sneaking into his pool. The sexy black girl fucked his big white dick with her mouth like a real slut! Then he forced her to stand up. While standing up her leg was lifted by him up in the air and then her Ebony pussy started receiving the punishment. This shit kept going ’till she decided it was time to ride on his burly white cock that she loved so much. Very sexy and innocent looking, in lookin at you, you could never tell there is a closet horndog hiding in that innocent exterior! Her walls kept getting tighter and gripping onto his thick meat pole. He grabbed her ankles and kept destroying her black pussy in missionary ’till he cummed all over her. Her friends watched from behind a tree as the man’s cum splattered her body. The ropes of cum landing on her face, her titties, her pussy, the slut stuck her tongue out and stream after stream eject from his cock and fly right onto it. Her friends had never seen anything like that before. The black girl grabbed his hot throbbing dick and kept sucking it. She was still craving his cock so he decided to pull her into his house and keep fucking her. 