We all part ways with our classmates at some point, but sometimes we also get reunited in the weirdest ways. And sometimes, our great desire to have sex is what will make our paths cross. This one pool party is what surely made me and my friend go to second base. Everyone in high school thought it would be awkward to ever do some freaky stuff with your classmates and you know, no one ever tried to pull the moves on me. Well, not anyone from my class, at least. However, this one girl came back crawling to me as soon as we finished our business with the school. Her parents were out of town and she gave me an invitation to this amazingly fun pool party. Only the little slut forgot to mention that there would be no one but us. She didn’t waste time, her clothes were gone before I could blink, there she was, standing in front of me, taking off her bikini bra and exposing her lovely titties for me. Then she turned over and pulled her bikini down. I was so mesmerized, I watched the droplets slide their way down her cute little ass. She grabbed my hand and pulled it to her pussy. One thing led to another, and there you go, I was getting my dick sucked by the most beautiful girl and the hottest girl in class. She did not even wait a little bit, she just got down on her knees in the water and started sucking on my cock while it was still flaccid and waited for it to get hard in her mouth. After it did get hard she kept on stroking it, sucking on my nuts and leaving drool all over it. I was so pumped up and then the naked girl got down on all fours and let me hit he up from the back. Her pussy felt amazing and I doubt that it was used too many times before this, which was weird if you take her body into consideration. I realized how lucky I was to pound her wet cunt, driving balls deep into her, grabbing her hips and holding her steady, kissing her titties, letting her ride me by the pool. This cocksucking freak loved gagging on my big dick almost as much as she loved getting split wide as it pounded her tight, little pussy! I plastered her cute face, and let her enjoy it. 