After playing a couple of rounds of pool with this sexy blonde chick I met online, things start getting pretty hot and kinky! The teen girl strips naked and squats over one of the corner pockets, while I sink some balls into it, passing just inches away from her pink pussy burger. The sexy naked girl takes the pool cue and rubs it up and down her wet slit, teasing me and turning me on. Then the little slut crawls on top of the table and lies down on her belly as I shoot some balls at her crotch. I bring her towards the edge of the pool table and start playing with her meaty cunt, softly caressing, massaging and rubbing it while sinking a couple of fingers into her wet gash as she moans softly. The small girl likes getting her pussy finger banged with two fingers at the same time and I am more than happy to pleasure and indulge her. I get underneath her and we engage in a 69, munching on her wet muff while I shove a finger down her tight chocolate starfish, feeling her anal sphincter stretching out for me. She loves getting her asshole massaged while I’m eating her out. I spread her pink pussy lips with my fingers and nibble on her clit. I slap her hot ass while eating her out. The petite naked girl gets down on her knees, pushing my big dick into her little mouth so she can suck and stroke it like a dirty fuck slut. My cock is so big, she can hardly fit half inside her mouth without gagging on it. She deep throats as much of it as she can, leaving the tip of my cock glistening with her saliva and my precum. I take her to the nearby couch and she lies on her back with her legs spread wide open. Her pussy lips are swollen and very moist, her nipples are standing erect, and her clit is peaking out from its’ hood. “FUCK ME!!!” I ram my hard cock deep inside her gushing cunt and start fucking her in missionary position.   It is an incredible turn on to feel the inside of the slick walls of her vagina with my dick. Her pussy is tight and slick, her wet juices splattering against my crotch every time I pull out to the tip of my cock and then slam deep into her vagina again! The young naked girl keeps her legs spread for me and enjoys getting fucked so hard by my large member. I make her turn over, getting down on her hands and knees, pushing my hard cock back inside her and fucking her doggie style from behind. I spank her juicy bubble butt while banging her, making her squirm, tightening her pussy muscles around my hard shaft. I lie on my back on the couch and the tiny girl straddles herself on top, squatting over my cock with her sexy ass pointing my way as she sits on my erection and rides me in reverse cowgirl position. I like it when she squats over it, giving me space to move around and fuck her from underneath. When I get tired she takes over, pushing her sexy ass back up against my cock while looking over her shoulder with a dirty look on her face and a sly smile. I can feel my cock throbbing and pulsing as I spew hot jets of my semen into her pulsing cunt. 