These girls were playing basketball with their dads and they weren’t exactly too good at it. Honestly, they couldn’t even get the basics down, which obviously wasn’t a good thing, at least for them. The dads were trying to coach their daughters, hoping that they would get good enough to earn some scholarship money. The girls had been playing basketball at school, allegedly, but they really suck! When the dads asked what the hell was wrong, the girls informed them that they actually didn’t know how to play, and they really just had slept with their coach to get an A in gym class. These two teen sluts decided it was better for them to fuck their dads too! The girls offered to show their dads exactly what it was they had learned in high school, starting with blow jobs. The horny dads didn’t mind to get their hands on the bodies of these gorgeous teenies. It all kicked off with the amazing view of these two teens getting kissed and groped while they were being kissed by their horny dads who just couldn’t help themselves but use up the young mesmerizing bodies of the young girls who were sitting right in front of them. The black guy fucked the white girl while the white dad checked out the lovely black girl. Either way, this entire thing kicked off pretty quickly and they moved on from regular pussy rubbing and tit squeezing to something a bit more hardcore. In a few minutes all of the clothes were removed except for the knee highs the girls were wearing and then the real fucking would begin. First off, the young naked girls sloppily sucked on the throbbing cocks of these two horny fathers and then they moved on to something slightly more pleasurable for the girls which obviously meant that their pussies would be getting licked from this point on. And so it was. The teens laid back on their backs and their pussies were getting licked passionately by the two dirty old males. They were having their ways with their meaty pussies before letting the babes get on top and then they rode them as hard as they possibly could. The dads fucked their teen cunts while the girls moaned from joy. They may not know how to dribble, but the girls sure know how to gobble dick. 