It’s the 4th of July and my sexy stepsister is sun bathing in the rooftop in a skimpy star-spangled bikini and I’m checking her out, nursing a massive boner in my own star-spangled trunks. I get closer, just trying to get a better look, but unfortunately I get caught by her. I run back inside and she follows me, accusing me of perving on her. I tell her it was just a joke, but she’s not convinced. Of course she’s not, the throbbing bulge between my legs is a dead giveaway! The slut sees it and gets on her knees, between my legs, pulling down on my trunks and uncovering my massive erection. Man, it looks like my horny step sister wants to take a ride on my big rocket to celebrate the Fourth of July with a bang! Like a filthy slut, she starts sucking and stroking my cock desperately, spitting big wads of saliva all over my sausage and smearing it along my shaft and balls with her hands, lips and tongue. The little slut passes the tip of my dick all over her lips and tongue, making these incredibly sexy slurping sounds while giving me head. She spits some more on it, sucking it real deep, looking me straight in the eye with such a filthy stare. She pops my balls in her mouth and polishes them with her tongue, sucking them so hard. “I can’t believe I’m sucking my brother’s dick right now!” she says. I love the sloppy blowjob she’s giving me, but I just can’t wait to fuck this bitch! I strip her naked, place her on her back, spreading her legs wide open and munching on her gushing cunt, shoving my tongue so deep inside of her pink cunt while she squirms, moans and screams at the top of her lungs.   I sit and straddle her on top of me, her back facing me, impaling her pussy on my meat rocket and pounding her hard in reverse cowgirl position while holding her by those sexy hips. I bet she’s seeing fireworks going off inside her head as I’m banging her so hard and making her cum! I put my naked sister down on her hands and knees so I can fuck that hot twat doggy style from behind and make her my bitch. She likes it, burying her cheeks between the sheets and reaching under her legs so she can fondle my balls while I’m pounding her hard from behind. She gets back on top of me, pushing my cock inside of her and riding me in cowgirl position. I love the way she pushes her juicy bubble butt up and down, grabbing her firmly by that hot ass and pressing her naked body against my own, penetrating her as deep and hard as possible until I ready to blow my load, going off like a Roman candle all over my stepsister’s face, drenching her in cum!