Even though I was cooking up some meat my horny girlfriend just couldn’t help herself but have a nice taste of my cock. I mean my grilling is pretty good. At least I’d say my cooking isn’t awful, is it? I like barbecuing and it’s the 4th of july but the only meat this little slut wants is a mouthful of his big dick! My girl decided to interrupt me long enough with her gorgeous titties and red panties to get my Barbecue to fuck up completely so I was obviously going to use her after this since I had to get all of my stress to wear off. Seriously man, I fucking hate when good meat goes to waste. But I do not worry that much since my meat will definitively not go to waste. My little bitch will surely use it up nicely. She quickly got down on her knees and started nibbling on my head slowly, as if she was waiting for me to nod or something before she got to suck on it even harder. However, she did not get this approval that she definitively wanted very much, and this did not stop her anyway, because she is definitively quite rebellious. And so, she started putting spit on my cock more and more and taking it deeper inside her throat until we decided to spice it up a bit. She laid down on the table on her back and opened her mouth up. This meant only one thing, I had to fuck that throat. And so I did that. I kept going and I felt like I was going to fuck up my girlfreind vocal chords somehow, but obviously, I did not. It’s not that easy to do, even with a cock like mine. Then she decided to suck on my nuts a bit before she finally got her butt in front of me. With her big tits out to play she bent over the kitchen counter and let me slide in for a deep pussy pounding.   My hot babe let me pound her pussy as vigorously as I could, and obviously, I let her get what she wanted. I kept increasing the intensity and grabbing onto her neck and her as I felt that it was necessary. I got carried away by the moment, but I believe that she did not mind this at all. Hell, she even liked this shit, and that was great since I loved hearing her moan in pleasure. It was time to move on and we did some reverse cowgirl. Her tender titties bounced right in front of my face up and down as her perfect sexy body did, too. She kept on moaning louder and louder while she maintained eye contact and to me, this was the hottest shit ever. I decided to grab onto her legs a bit to help her bounce better. I’m ready to cum on her big boobs and her cute face. The look on the face of my girlfriend as she gets bombarded by huge loads is priceless!