I honestly wouldn’t blame this guy for cheating. And if you are a man, you wouldn’t do that, either. This dude’s hot blonde girlfriend told him about her new stepmom but she didn’t mention that they look a lot alike. The MILF is a hot blonde too and has the same big boobs like her step daughter. He thought he was surprising his sexy girlfriend when he came up behind her at the kitchen sink to squeeze her big tits. He was groped his gf’s mother, rub her boobs, then put his hand into her panties and started playing with her wet pussy lips. Well, it wasn’t her actual mother. Rather, it was her stepmom, obviously. But the girls did look alike a lot. So there’s that. As I said, he started groping her titties and rubbing her pussy while the MILF was doing the dishes, and this meant that shit was about to go down quite soon. Her horny step-daughter walked into the room and called up her man to come to the other room so she could suck on his dick. The mom didn’t tattle to her about what had happened, but she couldn’t stop thinking about it, and went to peek at her stepdaughter sucking her boyfriend’s cock and beckoned him over to the kitchen to lick her pussy. This tatted queen obviously meant business, since she was down to her panties already, and this means that she was ready to get her pussy pounded. However, this young man was just not having it, and quickly he ducked on her and went back to the kitchen to please the old woman. This shit went from eating up the old mommy’s pussy like a good little boy should to some passionate rear-ending by him. However, it did not end there. The young girl interrupted them and he had to hide for a little bit. The mom talked to her step daughter while her bf was eating her cunt from behind! Don’t miss this scene if you like sneaky sex. Soon enough the teen girl went out and they could keep up with the sex while standing up. The dude began pounding her so good the the milf cried out with each stroke. So happy to see tits actually getting squeezed & played with throughout, not just once or twice to check it off the list. What man passes up grabbing some tit with standing doggy? This video did it right.   Soon enough he decided that it was best for him to go back to the bedroom where the horny young lady was still waiting for his hard dick and there he decided to talk her into getting blindfolded. The horny guy hit on a plan to turn his twosome into a secret threesome. He brought up the old woman who obviously had no problem fucking other girls. Then he got his girl to lay down on all fours. Then, the horny MILF came up from the back and started eating her teen pussy up, but she thought it was her boy all along. I mean, an experienced girl would recognize the lips and the tongue on her man easily. It should be quite obvious to her, but luckily it wasn’t. Then she randomly removed her blindfold and saw that it was her stepmom eating up her pussy. Strangely enough, she did not mind this one bit and started going ham on her lips, kissing her hard, all happy because her stepmommy finally decided to fuck her. Then the guy joined these naked girls and started pounding them and swapping holes. The view of two hot naked blondes riding his dick together is something incredible! He kept pounding the girls ’till they all had an orgasm. One of the hottest scenes ever with two the most beautiful ladies.