Lena and her boyfriend are visiting her father for the weekend. After the long ride, the gorgeous blonde just wants to take a bath at her father’s house. She gets naked while setting up a bubble bath and dips her bombshell body into the soapy water, lathering up her magnificent big all natural tits. This is so relaxing. The sexy naked babe places a warm towel over her eyes and just chills. However, her boyfriend had a different idea in mind, sneaking into the bathroom while she bathes. Not knowing he’s there, his hot girlfriend feels her big breasts while moaning softly, licking her lips and biting them as she masturbates her pussy under the water. She is startled when she feels something touching her breasts, it’s her boyfriend’s hand. He shouldn’t be there with her, not with her father in the house, but she’s so turned on and horny, and some sneaky sex really turns her on. He strips and joins her in the tub. He grabs her beautiful all natural big breasts and starts licking them, kissing, sucking on her succulent nipples, he wants to cum all over them, he knows he has to hurry up. Just a few minutes later her father comes knocking on the door. He hasn’t seen her boyfriend and wanders if he’s not there with her. What a nosey turd! He leaves to go looking for him and Lena is so turned on, she starts making out with her boyfriend, reaching for his hard cock while he keeps fondles her big boobs. Her soapy bubble butt floats above the water and her boyfriend has a ball with it, squeezing and groping it. She wraps his throbbing erection between her lathered up tits and gives him a boob job. She knows how much she likes her titties, when she massages his dick with them and how big and hard they get his cock. It feels so good when he’s fucking her titties with that big hefty sausage of his. The busty naked girl takes it in her hands, rubbing and massaging it, popping it into her wet mouth and sucking it hard and deep. She turns over, leaning against the top and offering her boyfriend her delicious round ass while he passes his fingers up and down the crack of her butt, stimulating her tender little asshole and gushing slit.   His busty GF pushes her ass back up against his cock, burying it deep inside her wet cunt so he can fuck her hard from behind. His big titted girlfriend stands and bends over as he continues banging her, grabbing her arms and pulling them back, making her big tits swing and bounce. He takes the boobies in his hands, squeezing them, kneading them like pizza dough. They get out of the tub and he lies flat on his back on the bathroom floor as Lena straddles herself on top, sitting on her boyfriend’s lap and pushing his big hard cock deep inside her tight muff so she can take a writing cowgirl position. Her perfect natural tits bounced all over the place! What a show! I guess you like girls with big boobs, eh? She gets down on her hands and knees and enjoys a delicious doggy style fuck, hoping her father doesn’t come into the bathroom right when her boyfriend is cumming on her tits!