Don’t miss the best lesbian seduction scene ever! This gorgeous ebony hairdresser is totally in love with her client’s luscious, silky, beautiful red hair. She just can’t stop passing her soft hands all over her hair before washing and shampooing it. She looks over her shoulder at her other client, she’s totally relaxed during her beauty treatment, with a warm towel covering her eyes, which she shouldn’t take off for a while. Perfect timing! As she shampoos her client’s hair, she puts her tits real close to her face. She tells the sexy redhead babe that the shampoo comes with a complimentary massage, and the lady in the chair next to them does not notice when the hot lesbian parts her client’s legs and slides her hand up her skirt, down the front of her panties. The girl starts to resist but the lesbian is relentless. There is magic, there is seduction, there is passion! She has never been with another girl before but it turns her on. The hairdresser begins massaging her pussy, and she can see her dark brown ebony nipples peeking over her tight top. She pulls down her moist panties and starts playing with her pink pussy. She’s already gushing, spreading her legs and welcoming her advances. The shy girl continues to resist but the horny hairdresser pulls her dress over her tits and removes her panties, diving between her legs and eating her out while finger banging her pussy. The beautiful redhead has never been with another girl before and now bolts of pleasure shoot up her body at the sensation of a girl eating her pussy. The girl has stopped resisting when the sexy black girl strips naked, straddles herself on top of the styling chair and scissors with her client! She starts rubbing her black pussy on her white bald pussy and it feels so fucking good. Peeling open both their pussy lips, she moves around until their clits are touching. Then the sexy Black girl climbs on top of her, sitting on her face, getting her dripping wet ebony cunt licked and tongue fucked by the naughty client. This is her first time ever, eating pussy ans she devours her sweet dark mound, fucking her with her warm, pink tongue. The hairdresser takes her place on the styling chair while the redhead massages and stimulates her cunt until she makes her climax so hard that she starts squirting, spraying pussy juices all over the redhead, the styling chair and the salon floor! This is definitely the best hairdressing appointment this client ever got and she’s definitely coming back! 