While visiting Miami, this guy doesn’t miss the opportunity to take his car for a wash at this famous Miami car wash were beautiful girls do the washing while he watches. This gorgeous blonde and brunette makes sure to soap up every nook and cranny of his G-Class, getting themselves wet, soapy and naked in the process. The beautiful naked girls are dancing and grinding and showing off their delicious tits, twerking their juicy bubble butts and offering him to wash his big hard cock too! This is how my fantasy threesome with latinas would play out. I envy this dude this moment. While he leans against the hood of his car, the sexy naked girls drop to their knees, sucking and stroking his big fat cock together. He fucks their mouths, pushing his sausage down their throats and the sluts lick and suck on his balls. He sits on a nearby couch and jerks his rod while the blonde straddles herself on top and sits on his face so he can eat her out and the brunette massages his balls with her soft hands. He fucks the blonde in cowgirl position while she eats the brunette out. The hot blonde begins to show off her cock-riding skills, twerking and bouncing her perfect butt up and down, slamming herself down onto his huge cock, making this loud, wet slapping sound. She is a cock-riding queen! The blonde has the best legs and ass in the game. Both these chicks are hot but who is the better cock rider? Then the girls switch places, with the brunette riding on his cock in reverse cowgirl and the blonde licking his balls while they fuck. She pops them in her mouth, sucking them hard and polishing them with her silky tongue and he grabs the brunette’s gorgeous tits, squeezing them hard and filling her perky nipples on his fingertips. He keeps fucking the girls in many different positions and combinations while watching them have hot lesbian sex until he’s ready to blow his load all over them. Of course he’s not going to wait for his car to get dirty again to bring it back for another wash! 