I met this sexy yoga girl the other day in the Park. I saw her practicing her poses on her yoga mat under the shade and couldn’t resist walking over and introducing myself. Honestly, I wasn’t as much interested in her yoga as I was in her flexible body and that delicious bubble butt that looked so fine in her tight yoga pants, but that’s okay, right? She was pretty cute and spunky, she was even flattered when I confessed about my pretty girl in the Park blog and even wanted to be a part of it, inviting me back over to her place so she could show me some naked yoga. The sexy brunette´s name was Emily and she had a beautiful apartment. She took me all the way to her bedroom, where she likes to do her naked yoga. Fine with me! The young sexy girl stood on her mat and slowly stripped down to her cotton panties for me and began showing me some flexible and very sensual yoga poses. When the teen babe took off her panties I knew we were definitely going to be doing some pretty hot naked yoga together! She passed her hands all over her sexy body and her small, firm breasts while giving me naughty looks. The naked girl moved to her bed, lying down and spreading her long legs wide open, gently caressing her delicious, pink pussy for me. It looked like naked yoga really turned this chick on, masturbating herself as I whipped out my big fat cock and gave it to her. I wanted her to suck my cock in her yoga mat, so she kneeled over it, taking my throbbing erection in her soft hands and stuffing her warm mouth with it, sucking and stroking it like an expert. The hot teen gave me a delicious blowjob while looking me in the eye, with those sexy sucking and slurping noises that get me so hard. I lie down on the yoga mat and she straddled herself on top, sitting that fine juicy bubble butt on my lap and letting my cock sink into her tight snatch.   The feeling of her pussy surrounding my cock in warm moisture felt so good! The sexy babe began riding me in reverse cowgirl position. She grabbed her ass in her hands, fondling it and spreading her butt cheeks wide open, allowing my fat cock penetrate her even deeper. She wanted to taste her pussy on my cock, so she went back to giving me head. Then she hopped back on top, pushing my dick inside her and riding me in cowgirl position while pressing her titties together and moaning softly. The young naked girl squatted over my member, vigorously rubbing her pussy and clit as I fucked her hard. I took her to the bed, pulling her legs up and pounding that delicious gushing snatch in missionary position as she begged me to make her cum. I fucked that teen slut all over the house, and Emily made sure to put all her yoga poses to good use. I’m not much of a yoga fan, but I wouldn’t mind doing it every single day with this sexy babe!