Ivy’s friend has a bunch of clothes to give away, so the sexy blonde comes over to her place and tries them on. She calls her friend over to take a look at the outfit she’s trying on right now, a sexy white top with a black skirt, but when she turns over she catches her friend’s pervy dad peeking at her as she tries the clothes on! Turned on by this, the teen slut decides she wants to try his big dick on for size! After showing him her beautiful tiny breasts and perky nipples the skinny young girl grabs hold of his big throbbing erection, popping it into her wet mouth, sucking and stroking it. Unfortunately they are interrupted by her friend, and Ivy cleverly buries her friend’s dad under all the clothes so she can keep playing with his cock while his daughter is in the room! She sucks the cock in the most amazing way. When she leaves, they strip naked and the little slut straddles herself on top of her friend’s dad’s delicious cock, riding him in cowgirl position. What a pretty girl. Cute face, great nipples, and an ass to die for!! Best of all is her lovely unblemished, untattooed , and unpierced body! She likes the way he grabs her by her cute little ass, pressing her hot naked body against his own and pounding her cunt so deep and hard. He puts the girl on her back, fucking her in missionary, grabbing one of her legs, sucking on her toes and kissing her feet. She grabs the clothes around her, squeezing them in her hands and biting into them so she can muffle her screams of pleasure. Love all of her, body, energy and facial/vocal reactions. She looks like she is possessed. The young naked girl rides his fat cock in sideways cowgirl and when her friend comes back into the room, she dresses up and sits on her daddy’s big dick while he’s buried under a pile of his daughter’s used clothes! How crazy is that? This nympho can’t get enough, so she even rides his cock right in front of her friend! The naughty girl devouring cocks, she loves to drain them dry and lick up ALL of the mess….. book her with more dicks to drain! She manages not to get caught…until her BFF finds her naked and covered in cum! 