This hot brunette has been hired by this teen girl’s parents to help her with her homework, but when the tutor finds this little slut masturbating and sexting with her boyfriend in her bedroom while bitching and whining about her, she realizes this is not what the girl’s parents have paid her for. It‘s hard to study when you are horny! She interrupts her, sending her back downstairs to keep studying, but she’s not letting her go so easily. Pulling the hotny schoolgirl by her hair and her schoolgirl skirt, she pushes her against the wall, hiking her skirt and spanking her ass. She turns her over, her back against the wall, grabbing her neck and kissing her wet lips while reaching under her skirt, rubbing that gushing cunt. The spoiled teen moans and grunts while her tutor finger bangs her, shoving her tongue into her mouth in a hot lesbian make out session. The sexy woman continues spanking her cute little ass and massaging her sensitive pussy from behind, dragging her back to her bedroom, putting her down on all fours on her bed so she can continue playing with her cunt. The lesbian spreads the girl’s pink pussy lips wide open with her fingers and uses her tongue to stimulate her tight asshole. Instead of teaching her academics, she teaches her how to eat another girls pussy and lick ass! The teen girl touches herself, rubbing her clit while her tutor rims her asshole, fucking it with her delicious tongue. She shoves it back inside the teen’s mouth so she can taste her own asshole on the tutor’s slick tongue. The girls kiss passionately, pressing their semi clothed bodies one against the other and caressing. The teen slut hikes up her skirt and plays with the tutor’s ass too. She puts the young teen on her back, her head dangling from the side of the bed as she stands over her, pushing her muff against her mouth so the teen can eat her out while she gets naked. Then she spreads her legs wide open and gives her oral sex. The teen slut closes her eyes feeling her tutor’s fingers ravaging her pussy and making her squirm and tremble with lust and desire. She sits on her face, grinding her muff and her hot ass against it, feeling the teen’s tongue and lips licking and kissing every nook and cranny on her cunt and ass crack. The naked schoolgirl takes charge, putting the tutor on her belly and licking her asshole and pussy like a dirty slut. She learns fast! The naked tutor sits on her face and smothers her, raising her legs and locking them behind her back. Then she lets the sexy slut feast on her perky nipples, suckling on them while she grabs hold of her big tits and fondles them softly.   The naked girls end their hot lesbian session tribbing and scissoring, rubbing their gushing cunts together and giving each other incredible orgasms that leaves them drenched, sweaty, exhausted and utterly satisfied. From now on this sexy teen will be doing much less masturbating and sexting and much more studying and lesbian sex! Dyked is an exclusive ALL GIRL website dedicated to strong, powerful women showing inexperienced submissive teens what a real lesbian is. These erotic girl-on-girl scenes are some of the first of their kind. Showcasing experienced and confident lesbians turning fresh faced teens into muff monsters. Some of these straight girls had no idea what they were missing until they felt the pussy of another woman for the first time ever. Lets face it, no one knows how to please a teen girl like another woman.