Yes, size matters, and in my case, as unbelievable as you may find it, I decided to go in for a dick reduction surgery. My dick is just so fucking big, no girl wants to come near it, they are afraid of it! I went in for surgery, and the sexy brunette doctor and her hot blonde assistant couldn’t believe either that I actually wanted to make my cock shorter, it’s usually the other way around! As the girls took a closer look at my cock, examining it with their hands, they claimed it was the most perfect dick they had ever seen. Yet I was determined, so they put me under. I dozed up, but as I did so, I could swear I could see the doctor and nurse touching each other as they ogled over my huge member. That had to be the anesthesia making its effect and playing with my head, right? I don’t know how much time passed, but I started waking up and the first thing I saw were the doctor and her blonde assistant totally naked and tribbing right in front of me! WTF!?! All this time, the girls had been playing with my dick and with each other, unable to operate on me, it was against their sexual ethics to let such a huge cock go to waste! Now the doctor and nurse wanted to convince me, taking my throbbing cock in their hands and sucking it together! While the nurse dribbled saliva on the tip of my dick and spread it all over my shaft with her mouth, the sexy doctor caressed my balls and fondled my naked body. She took my hard cock firmly in her hands and gave me a glorious blowjob while the nurse assisted her, holding her silky black hair back. They are super whores! The naked girls were going to work their blowjob lips, big, fake tits and juicy asses to convince me to keep that big dick right where it is.   The question was which pussy would I choose to taste first… After passing my cock back and forth, the doctor laid on her back on the operating table, spreading her legs wide open so the nurse, down on her hands and knees, could eat her out while I fucked her dripping wet pussy doggie style from behind with my massive erection. The nurse had a beautiful ass, and the doctor couldn’t resist grabbing my cock and sucking it some more, tasting the nurses pussy on the tip of my dick. The hot naked doctor spread her legs and I push my huge erection deep inside her tight cunt, fucking her hard in missionary position while the nurse rubbed her pussy and clit. The babes got on their knees and sucked my dick a bit more, then the nurse straddled herself on top and rode me in cowgirl position. She sucked my cock as the doctor sat on it and took a ride too. After fucking her in reverse cowgirl position I was definitely convinced that I didn’t need the surgery, I just needed these crazy sluts!