When this gorgeous blonde MILF finds a big cock shaped rubber dildo in her stepdaughter’s room, she’s surprised but decides to try it out for herself. The horny woman pulls her top over her black lace bra, and tugs her thong aside, sucking on the toy while spreading her legs wide open, pushing it inside her tight cunt. Feeling the way the big toy fills her cunt makes her exhale with pleasure, she hasn’t felt anything so big inside her in such a long time! The toy is the perfect fit for her and she enjoys fucking herself with it until she hears noises down the hall. It’s probably her step daughter, so she hides in the closet while she comes in with her boyfriend in tow. The teens think they are all alone, so he strips her naked while they make out. He puts her down on her hands and knees, sliding his fingers up and down her wet slit while he licks her tight little asshole. While eating his girlfriend’s muff, her stepmom is watching, totally turned on and touching herself. The teen girl takes her boyfriend’s big fat cock and begins sucking it, making loud slurping sounds. His dick looks absolutely delicious. The MILF masturbates watching the teens, and the boyfriend sees her. The slut signals him to stay quiet as she sneaks behind her stepdaughter, surprising her as she pushes her boyfriend on the bed and jumps on that big fat cock, ready to suck and stroke it. Her stepdaughter seems quite upset at first. It looks like her sex toys are not the only things she does not like sharing! Eventually, she warms up to the idea of a hot threesome with her boyfriend and her hot stepmom, sharing his big dick with her in a sensational double blowjob. She straddles herself on top of her boyfriend’s lap, pushing his hard cock inside her gushing cunt and riding him while her stepmom grabs her meaty ass, making it bounce up and down her boyfriend’s lap. She plays with her stepdaughter’s ass while watching that big cock fucking her tight snatch. She can’t wait to feel it inside her. Squatting and with her juicy bubble butt facing his way, the beautiful naked woman sits on his member and takes a ride in reverse cowgirl position, making her big tits bounce up and down, showing the teen girl how to bounce her ass properly. The boyfriend puts his girlfriend on her back and with her legs spread wide open, fucking her in missionary position while her stepmom sits on her face and smothers her with her meaty cunt. Two very juicy girls. She keeps her stepdaughter’s legs wide open and watches her boyfriend fucking her so hard, encouraging them. She gets down on her hands and knees so the boyfriend can fuck her pussy doggie style from behind while making out with her sexy stepdaughter. 