I come back home from work early. After watching anal porn all day long in the office, I’m horny as fuck. I’m looking for my girlfriend and I find her in the bathroom, totally naked and taking a hot bubble bath. She’s quite surprised to see me there, thinking I was at work! Since she’s already naked, and I’m already turned on, she wonders if I’ll stay a while and play with her. Of course I will! I reach out and start fondling those tender breasts, feeling how hard her nipples get while I play with them. She knows how much I love anal and how much I’d love doing it with her, and it just seems like she’s in such a naughty mood that she’s finally ready to let me have a little fun with her asshole. My naked girlfriend turns over and spreads her butt cheeks so I can get a good look at her anus. I rub her slit and pass my thumb over it, making her squirm as I tell her how much I would love to fuck that asshole. She knows it! She pulls down my pants and briefs and my cock springs to life, fully erect and throbbing hard as she takes it in her soft hands and plays with it, licking, kissing and sucking it. “You’re so fucking hard!” she exclaims with a big smile on her face. My horny little slut spits on it so she can lube it up for her holes and sucks my balls while giving me head. I spread her legs wide open, penetrating her wet slit and fucking her hard in missionary position. While I am fucking her, she is stimulating her clit, massaging it with two fingers. We go to the bedroom and I lay down on the bed while she straddles herself on top, sitting on my lap with her delicious ass facing my way while she takes a ride on my boner in reverse cowgirl position, looking at me over her shoulder.   When my girlfriend turns over, she squats over my cock and slowly lowers herself and I can feel my cock sinking inch by inch inside her tight asshole, her anal sphincter slowly stretching out to accommodate my member inside her anal funnel. Man, her ass is so fucking tight! I let her take it at her own pace, very slow and soft at first but after a while, she’s bouncing on my cock like crazy, biting her lips and enjoying her first anal experience with me. I look at her cute little ass enjoying the view of my big cock going in and out of her asshole. She stays still so I can drill her asshole with my hard cock and it feels so fucking good! She gets down on her hands and knees, grabbing on tight to the sheets, her eyes going blank while I push my cock inside her ass, anal fucking my girlfriend doggie style from behind. With my hard dick balls deep into her ass my girlfriend’s orgasm is much more intense than anything she has felt before. I love finally being able to fuck her ass and I know she does too! I keep pounding her tight ass until I pull out to glaze her pretty face!