While their teacher is giving his lesson, this naughty schoolgirl is passing a note to her classmate. She has a big crush on her favorite teacher, Mr. Castle. Her classmate is a sexy, raven haired vixen in her school uniform and short, plaid skirt and the little slut would like to suck the teacher’s juicy dick so much too. Unfortunately, she gets caught by him and he’s not happy about her antics in the classroom. He makes her stay after class. When they are alone, he asks her what she meant when she wrote that note, and the horny schoolgirl tells him that she would fuck him if she could. He decides to teach her a lesson she will never forget. He pops her blouse wide open, pulling her delicious breasts over her bra and sucking on her nipples. Bending her over his desk, he hikes up her skirt and pulls down her panties, exposing her juicy bubble butt and her dripping wet pink pussy. He spreads her ass cheeks wide open and starts rimming her asshole, much to her delight. This is exactly what her classmate wrote she wanted in the note she was passing on to her. The school slut gets down on her knees, pulling down on his pants and exposing the teacher’s big throbbing erection. Her mouth is watering and she licks her lips as she begins sucking the tip and working her way down the teacher’s thick rod. Sitting her on the edge of his desk, he spreads her legs wide open and fucks her tight pussy in missionary position. He sits on his desk and makes the naked schoolgirl sit on his cock, pounding her hard in reverse cowgirl. He enjoys bending her over his desk and fucking her from behind, smacking his balls against her meaty ass. He lies on his desk as she totally naked impales herself on his dick riding it in reverse cowgirl position. She rubs her cunt while her teacher stuffs her with his fat sausage and the rides him on his chair, ready for his cum! As soon as he blows his load down her throat, another student walks in and catches them! She is the girl who wrote the note, but this slut with cum smeared across her smiling lips has got all the teacher’s cum for herself! 