Meet the Fuckers. Don’t forget to download all episodes! Mr. Fucker finds himself in and odd predicament. His son and her daughter-in-law are visiting him and his new wife, bringing along and unexpected guest, Mr. Fucker’s ex-wife! At first he was afraid sparks would fly but as his ex-wife, a hot babe cougar in a sexy red dress, and his new wife, a gorgeous brunette in a hot white dress are having drinks in the kitchen, he has a huge grin on his face. He can’t believe how well the girls are getting along! Well, at least until his new wife pours her drink all over his ex-wife’s very expensive dress! Just when it seems all hell is going to break loose, his wife passes her fingers over his ex wife’s soaked chest, taking them to her mouth and sucking them with a dirty look in her eyes. Without skipping a beat, his new hot wife grabs her face and plants a wet, passionate kiss on her lips as the girls start making out in front of the much surprised and very delighted Mr. Fucker. He grabs his good old trusty sausage and starts jerking it while watching his new wife and ex wife making out, ready to fuck the girls both with his son and his daughter-in-law at the house, hoping they don’t come to the kitchen and catch them red handed, now that would be awkward! His wife pushes his ex’s big tits together while sucking on her nipples and the naked women both drop to their knees, ready to share his big fat dick, sucking it and licking his balls together and jerking him off. His ex-wife pushes the new wife’s face against his crotch, making her deep throat her ex husband’s dick all the way down to the base and gag on it. A tad passive-aggressive perhaps, but still so fucking kinky! While his wife swallows his hefty cock, his ex wife sucks on his balls, polishing them with her silky tongue. The girls make such a great team together. This is one of the sloppiest and dirtiest blowjobs ever, just wow! His new wife climbs over the kitchen counter and spreads her legs wide open so his ex-wife can eat her dripping wet cunt out, while she bends over and gets her wet muff pounded hard from behind by him. They have not had sex with each other since divorce and her ex-wife hot cunt and juicy ass feel amazing!   Thrusting with all his power, he drives into her cunt. His balls are slapping against her clit. His ex-husband’s dick and his new wife’s cunt in her mouth are driving her to finally get her orgasm she has been begging for so long. He pushes his fingers inside his wife’s cunt and makes his ex suck and lick them, then he starts fucking his new wife in front of his ex wife, and finds out she loves watching! He licks his ex wife’s cunt while his new wife takes care of her asshole, rimming it with her pink tongue. Both naked women are moaning aloud and the cougar nearly collapses from her orgasm. He fucks his new young wife  with his ex sitting on her face and getting her pussy munched on. Then he lies on his back on the kitchen counter and lets the girls ride on his dick. His ex wife is riding his dick while his new wife plays with his balls and continues licking his ex’s tender asshole. The crazy slut rides him in reverse cowgirl too. The women love sharing his dick and want to share his cum too!