In her long-sleeved sweater and cute plaid skirt, Alina looks like the perfect cute schoolgirl, but her roommate suspects she’s got hidden slutty depths. He’s right. In the bathroom, the gorgeous brunette teen, removes her schoolgirl outfit, showing off sexy lace lingerie and dark nylon pantyhose. She spanks her tight ass and peels them down her thighs, exposing a perfect bubble shaped ass, with a sexy thong riding deep down the crack of her ass. It sinks in between her pink cunt too. She pulls her lacey red bra down and exposes her small, firm breasts with hardened nipples darting like tiny arrowheads. She is a little horny slut and her roommate brings out the proof: the dildo she’s hidden away where she thought he wouldn’t find it! He talks Alina into giving him a demonstration of how she uses it. The way she rides the dildo is absolutely amazing! She twerks her perfect ass, fast and then slower moving her ass up and down, from side to side. What a cute, fuckable girl, she is absolutely beautiful! Stripping totally naked, she leans against the bathroom wall and raises a leg up, pushing her body against this big black rubber dildo attached to the shower stall panel with a suction cup base. Putting that raised leg up high, the hot naked girl pushes the toy into her wet cunt, masturbating with it while rubbing her clit and moaning softly. Her roommate just can’t believe the show she’s putting on for him. She lets him know just how much she likes feeling a big dick inside her. Of course, a real one is so much better than the rubber version. The hottie gets down on her knees and opens her mouth to welcome his throbbing erection inside it, wet and hot as she wraps her tongue around his dick meat and gives him a spectacular blowjob unlike any other he has ever received before. The sexy babe holds her head still with his hands and mouth fucks her, pushing his rod down her throat. Alina enjoys having that meaty cock rubbed all over her face while sucking it hard and after getting her mouth fucked, thick ropes of drool drip down her chin as well as his cock and balls. She is ready for a proper banging! With his dick lubed up with her spit, he puts her against the bathroom wall, standing as he rams his cock deep inside her cunt and starts banging her from behind. The sexy babe places her hands on the wall, leaning against it, her roommate’s hands covering her mouth, muffling her screams as she gets her pussy plowed. Grabbing her by underneath her knees, he holds her up and penetrates her, her back against him, fucked hard in mid air, dangling from his arms like a ragged doll.   The girl is lost in the feeling of his hard cock slamming balls-deep in her tight cunt. She grabs on to him, wrapping her arms around his neck and her legs around his waist so he can keep fucking her in standing position. He lies on his back on the bathroom floor and the beautiful naked girl straddles herself on top, pushing his hard cock inside her wet cunt and riding him in cowgirl position. She looks over her shoulder while making that juicy bubble butt bounce up and down on her roommate’s lap. When this babe begs for his cum all over her face, she’s in pure slut mode and there’s no going back! He gives it everything he’s got, even picking her up for stand-and-carry and making her squirt! He spreads her legs, finger banging until he makes Alina squirt like a fountain house as she cums and he keeps pounding her hard until it’s his turn! 