While I’m making breakfast for my wife and her daughters, one of the girls comes over. My step daughters want to go on their class trip and they obviously need me to sign their permission slips so she’s trying to talk me into it. I know the girls ask me because they know their mom won’t approve, but I’m not going to make it so easy for them. When I tell her no, she actually gets down on her knees and begs me. I’m still standing firm, but it seems like the little sluts had the perfect plan to get me to sign their permission slips already hatched in their minds. I realized this, when one of my daughters reaches for my crotch and starts rubbing my throbbing bulge over my boxers. I tell her that her mom is watching TV on the other room, but she doesn’t care. The little teen whore whips out my cock and puts it in her mouth. She sucks it so good, I can’t really bring myself to make her stop. My wife has never done that before but her horny daughter can do incredible things with her little mouth, tongue and her soft hands. She’s deepthroating my cock hands-free all the way down to the base when her mom walks by the kitchen door, forcing us to stop. That was a close call and I’m so turned on by the fact that we could have been caught that it just takes her a few more sucks and tugs to make me blow my load inside her mouth! I came right in her mouth and she had to swallow it all. Of course I have to sign her permission slip after this, but her sister’s is a different story. She has been very disrespectful to her mom, but as she takes a nap on the living room couch, her sister comes over, ready to convince me one more time. She’s going to suck my dick right in front of her sleeping sister! I don’t offer much resistance at all, matter of fact, I can’t wait to feel her lips wrapped around my shaft and that silky tongue playing with my balls. This time we take it further. My cock is so hard, she can’t resist taking it in her hands and pushing it inside her gushing cunt. The feeling of her young cunt muscles squeezing my cock is wonderful.   The hot tiny girl sits on my lap, facing her sleeping sister while she takes a ride on my cock in reverse cowgirl position. She has a beautiful bubble shaped ass and my hands are all over it. She flips over so I can fuck her in missionary, putting my hand over her mouth to muffle her screams and not wake up her sister. I pounded against her at full force, lodging my dick deep into her womb with each and every motion. “Oh fuck, I’m cumming, it’s coming baby!” This time I blow my load inside my step daughter’s pussy, leaving her with a sticky creampie. The next morning, the girls both show in my bedroom wearing sexy babydolls. Love how their young titties are easily uncovered. The little sluts decided to suck me off together and make me fuck them both! They give me a delicious double blowjob, sucking my dick and balls. Then the naked girls take turns riding on my hard cock, doing their best to make me cum quickly all over their cute faces. Of course I’m going to sign the remaining permission slip, but I will do it after fucking them both and cumming inside them!