I can’t believe I have this gorgeous blonde teen slut in a sexy pink outfit in lingerie, down on her hands and knees and jiggling her delicious bubble shaped butt riding front of me while checking out my throbbing erection and giving me dirty looks. The hot teen babe strips down to a sexy fishnet top with matching panties, jumping up and down on my bed and flashing me her small breasts and perky nipples. She is the sexiest girl I’ve ever seen! To think I met her just a few hours ago online and she is already here and ready to fuck. That’s the kind of girls I like! She removes the top and peels the panties down her hips and thighs until she is fully naked. She moans softly as I pull her to the edge of the bed, spreading her legs wide open and giving her delicious, meaty, pink, tender pussy a good licking. I passed my tongue up and down her wet slit, tasting those sweet juices gushing from her cunt. I love eating pussy so much, and this sexy slut definitely loves getting her pussy eaten out. After rubbing her pussy, the tiny naked girl gets down on her knees, taking my big dick in her hands, popping it into her wet mouth and giving me a blowjob. She tries to deepthroat my member hands free, but it’s just too thick for her and she can barely take half of it in her mouth. She still looks sexy as fuck trying! I love seeing those thick ropes of drool dripping from the sides of her mouth and down her chin while she eats dick. The blonde teen slurps all that saliva and keeps sucking my cock like a good girl. I lie down on my bed and she hops on top, squatting over my lap and impaling her tight pussy on my meaty sword, taking it in, inch by inch. Silky smooth, beautiful, moist, pink and perfectly shaped pussy! I moan with her as I feel it slide into her little cunt, her pussy feels heavenly. I hold her by the undersides of her thighs as the young naked girl rides my erection in cowgirl position. It’s a beautiful sight watching her fat pussy lips slide over my probing cock.   The hot blonde has my cock throbbing so hard and she’s giving me quite the workout, grinding that big booty up and down the length of my member. I hold her cute little ass in my hands and lift her up and down, as if I was pumping iron at the gym. The blonde teen turns over and rides me in cowgirl position. This way I can enjoy the view of her hot ass much better. She gets down on her hands and knees and I penetrate her from behind, pounding that air tight muff doggy style from behind. She spreads her butt cheeks wide open with her hands so my cock can go even deeper inside her, that’s how bad this sexy blonde bitch wants it in her! I hold her by her elbows and pull her hot naked body back against my own and fuck her as hard and as fast as I can. I really want to make this bitch cum! Finally I can hold back no longer, driving my final thrust with all my power, deep into her throbbing cunt, I release my seed, grinding into her as I kept pumping, firing load after load of semen through my shaft and into her fertile womb.