I have been feeling horny all day long, all I can do is think about my hot blonde roommate. My cock is so hard and my balls are so blue, I’m guessing all I can do is jerk off in my bedroom, when I hear a soft buzz coming from outside. I sneak across the hallway and take a look downstairs, where I see my sexy roommate lying down on the couch, taking off her panties and masturbating with her magic wand!!! Just hearing it buzzing is getting me so turned on. The moment she applies it to her wet cunt, her body squirms and she contorts with pleasure. When she looks up, she sees me spying on her, with a massive hard on between my hands. I’m thinking she’ll be upset, but instead, she invites me over, after all, a real cock is so much better than a vibrator. She begins to undress in front of me, exposing her beautiful young body, her firm tits, her great ass, slim stomach and sexy legs, her bald pussy, everything. She has the most beautiful body I have ever seen on any female. The beautiful young naked girl pours baby oil on her gorgeous tits and wraps them around my throbbing cock and starts rubbing it, giving me a tit job. After this she pops it in her mouth, licking and sucking it so slow and gentle while jerking it and keeping it so hard. The hot blonde moans while eating my cock, licking the shaft, tasting the precum on the tip and sucking my balls. She gives it soft kisses and looks at me with those gorgeous bright eyes. The little slut draws circles around the tip of my dick with her silky wet tongue and I am having a hard time not blowing my load right there on the spot. After orally pleasuring me, she climbs on top of my hard dick, pushing it inside her tight cunt, placing her hands on my knees and lifting her body up and down while riding me in cowgirl position. That feels so fucking good. Her pussy is so tender and it needs my cock so much!   Spreading her legs open she gives me an enticing view of her lovely pussy. I grab her underneath her thighs, feeling her pussy muscles squeezing my dick with every thrust. I make her turn over and push her delicious bubble shaped ass back up against my dick and ride me in reverse cowgirl while I bang her from behind. The view of that big round ass is just flawless! She is very slim, but has curves in all the right places and has a gorgeous arse. I move her to a nearby chair and make her climb on top of it, banging that sexy ass doggy style from behind. The perfect naked girl flips over and spreads her legs, ready to get fucked in missionary position and this is the most beautiful slut I have ever fucked in my life. This feels like the movies! She grabs her ankles so she can keep her long legs parted and I can penetrate that pink pussy burger deeper and deeper and we just keep fucking around the place and trying out different positions. I tell her that I’m ready to cum but just when I’m pulling out, she tells me to keep it inside because she wants me to blow my load in her pussy and leave her with a sticky creampie!