Fucking two horny teen whores at the same time is every man’s dream and this man in particular is making it cum true with these two beautiful sluts wearing sexy white see through lingerie outfits. He grabs baby oil and pours it all over their lingerie, so it gets slippery and sticky, clinging to their hot naked bodies and making their nipples harden up. The teen girls rub the oil all over themselves and each other and he plays with their pussies and breasts. The girls touch themselves, each other and his hard cock too. One of the girls gets down on all fours as he pours baby oil all over her delicious ass and watches it oozing down her ass crack and wet slit. The teen slut moans so softly, biting her lips and grinding her sexy ass for her stud and her friend. She gets on top of her friend and they frisk together, then the teens get on top of him, grinding their oiled up bodies against his while he’s jerking his rock hard cock. They bump and grind their bubbly butts together and he pops his sausage in between their asses, like a hot dog between two buns! He’s making out with one of the girls and they have their hands all over the other’s ass. The young girls turn over so they can face each other and start tribbing against his dick. The oil drips down their bodies and down his dick and balls. They use their slick spinner asses and their wet cunts to massage this studs cock. He’s so close to blowing his load, and they haven’t even started fucking yet! These two teen whores know how to make money on summer break… Finally, the tallest girl straddles herself on top and guides his slippery cock inside her gushing cunt while the other girl masturbates and watches them fucking. She grabs her friend’s oiled ass while it bounces up and down his lap and she rides him in cowgirl position. Her hips arching hard, slamming down, and grinding the hard cock completely in her cunt, her orgasm approaches quickly. He takes the other pussy and puts her on his dick in the same position as her friend and the naughty sluts are making out and enjoying their tight pussies stuffed by such a big and meaty dick. It’s back to fucking the tall girl, getting her clit stimulated by her friend while riding his hard cock in reverse cowgirl position this time. He grabs her wrists, pulling her arms behind her back, restraining her while shoving his cock as deep inside her pussy as he can, making her scream at the top of her lungs. He is fucking her so hard that his balls hit her clitoris.   The girl is having the wildest orgasm in her life, keep slamming herself down onto his dick so hard. His cock pops out of her wet cunt and the other girl grabs it, stroking and jerking it and squeezing his oily balls. This horny teen girl wants some dick too, so he puts her down on her hands and knees, letting her friend suck his cock and lube it up with her saliva before ramming it deep inside her pussy and fucking her doggie style from behind. Then she gets on her back and her friend gets on top and he takes turns fucking the girls both. They each take turns getting railed until every single one of them is completely satisfied. These teen whores don’t need to be told what is required next, they happily slurp and giggle over his cock for several minutes before he sprays both their faces with hot cum. The naked girls keep his cock facing upwards, licking the dripping cum with their drooling tongues. These two lovles can play slip-n-slide on me anytime!