Aidra and Gianna are maybe the worst roommates ever! Every time I walk into the house these two are going at it like cats in heat, screaming and yelling at each other. As always, I tried to mediate between them, but when Aidra calls Gianna a fucking slob, the brunette leaps on top of her and rips her top right open, exposing her beautiful tits! Aidra doesn’t stay behind, ripping Gianna’s top and exposing her breasts too! I finally get the girls to stop, which usually happens when they find common ground, in this case, the fact that I’m staring at their tits, ensuing a new argument regarding who’s tits I like more, can you believe it? Aidra gets between my legs and starts massaging my crotch over my pants, noticing how hard my cock is, and Gianna joins in. She gets to my cock first, grabbing it with both hands and sucking it deep. She looks so sexy with a cock in her mouth! Aidra takes it from her hands and pops it in her wet mouth. Now the girls are competing to see who is the better cock sucker. I’m getting my sausage passed back and forth between two absolutely gorgeous girls, so I have no complaints whatsoever, LOL! I consider my mediation a success! The hot girls keep fighting over my cock and I try my best not to cum right on their faces and make them understand there’s enough dick for them both. Gianna deep throats my dick all the way down to the base and Aidra pops my balls into her mouth and polishes them up with her saliva and slick tongue. The best is when the girls are both sucking and stroking my cock and balls at the same time, these bitches get along terribly as roommates but make the perfect team when it comes to sharing a cock. I put Gianna on her back, spreading her legs wide open and ramming my hard cock deep inside her wet pussy. She is so fucking beautiful its almost ridiculous! Seeing her with her lovely pussy fully exposed in front of me is staggering. I start pounding her hard in missionary position while Aidra crawled on her hands and knees, sitting her ass on Gianna’s face and smothering her with her plump pussy.   She switches positions with the brunette, pushing her juicy bubble butt back up against my cock and letting me bang her from behind. In the meantime, Gianna is grabbing her big tits and sucking hard on her puffy nipples. It looks like the girls already forgot they were fighting like cats and dogs just a few minutes ago. I watch these two naked girls kissing and making out while I slam Aidra’s cunt and admire that delicious round piece of heavenly ass nature has bestowed upon her. Both girls get back to sucking my dick and licking my balls, tasting their own pussies as I lie on the floor and let Aidra straddle herself on top and take a wild ride on my love stick in reverse cowgirl position. I can’t wait to watch these two beautiful roommates competing to see which one gets to swallow my cum! The girls are maybe the worst roommates ever, but when they’re not arguing about dishes, their competitive side has them slobbering all over my huge cock, getting pussy after pussy stretched out and licking up each other’s perky tits!