This beautiful blonde is new in college and has just met her roommate, a gorgeous brunette. Wearing their sexy college uniforms, the college girls talk about college life and the blonde tells the brunette she wants to experiment and live all the experiences college life has to offer. That’s what college is about after all, right? They talk about one of their professors and start imitating him. Her roommate manages to guide her eyes away from the prized professor and instead get them fixed upon her. The blonde doesn’t know this silly game will evolve into her first lesbian experience in the college dorm. Their innocent game takes a sensual turn when the brunette touchy feely and the blonde finds herself opening her mouth and sucking her fingers! The lesbian seduction scene is amazing! The roommate reaches under her skirt and pulls her now soaked thong down. The girls start kissing, soft and gentle at first, gaining momentum and intensity as their wet tongues entwine and they start touching and undressing each other. Both half naked, the brunette throws her on her bed with her legs spread and her gushing pussy exposed, licking her inner thighs and moving down her cunt. The blonde has never felt anything like this before. She loses her girl on girl virginity, takes the brunette’s big tits in her hands and sucks on her perky nipples. Totally naked, the brunette sits on her face so she can eat her out. This innocent girl has never tasted anything as delicious as her pussy. The brunette bends her over, licking her pussy and even her sensitive asshole, rimming her with her tongue. The blonde’s body squirms and her eyes go blank with lust. She has never has never had an orgasm before. Grabbing on to their bed’s edges, the naked girls trib in mid air, rubbing their wet pussies together while gazing into their eyes. Together the girl’s experience one of the most quintessential college activities — lesbian sex. By the end of the night, the sexy blonde is an expert in eating out her roommate’s pussy and her first lesbian experience will definitely not be the last one! 