These four stunning college girls have something in common. The girls all have a crush on their Professor and they are competing to see which one of them will seduce and fuck him first. When this gorgeous brunette gets ready to make her move, she realizes somebody else has beaten her to the punch. This sexy doll with glasses is already in his office, asking for some personal one on one mentoring… of the sexual kind! While grinding her cute little ass against his crotch, she unbuttons her blouse, pulling her small breasts over her bra. Her nipples are already hard and erect as she takes them to his mouth so he can suckle on them. The brunette can hear them making out from the other side of the door and realizes she has been upset. She knocks on the door, but of course nobody is going to open. They are too busy. She tries to open it, but it is obviously locked from the inside. The other coed is already on her knees, pulling the professor’s slacks down and releasing his gorgeous member. It’s so big and hard. The teenage girl admires it, caressing it with her small hands, feeling it throbbing as she strokes it and puts it in her wet mouth. She reaches under her skirt so she can touch herself while giving him head. Her panties are already drenched with the juices flowing from her gushing cunt. Sitting down and spreading her legs, the girl masturbates while eating the professor’s sausage. The little slut climbs on his desk, down on her hands and knees, holding his balls in her hand while deep throating his entire erection all the way down to the base, drenching it with her saliva. The horny teacher spreads her legs on the edge of his desk, pulls her panties aside and eats her out, licking her pink slit and tasting her sweet juices. This girl has absolutely the best pussy in the world. Her young pussy is tender, soft and sensitive and it responds with spastic action at each kiss. The half naked college girl lies sideways and feels that big dick entering her, stretching her pussy as her pervert professor penetrates and starts fucking her. He makes her stand and lean over his desk so he can fuck her from behind. She can feel his balls smacking against her ass and it feels so hot and sexy. The sexy coed enjoys being the professor’s slut. He sits on his chair and she sits on his lap, letting his dick sink into her snatch and grinding her delicious bubble shaped ass against it.   They get on the floor, with him lying down and her squatting above, riding his meat sword in reverse cowgirl position. She rubs her pussy and fondles his balls while riding on his lap. Rubbing her clit, her pussy begins to squirt all over his hard dick. She has never quirted before! Her pussy feels incredible against his cock. The head of his hard cock is covered with her wetness as she slides it up and down her slit. He can feel her swollen clit against his cock. The naked college girl flips over so she can face him and see the look on his face while she keeps riding him in cowgirl position. The hot girl begins to squirt all over him again, having multiple squirting orgasms. When the girls find out, they realize they must now fight to see who gets second-place with the professor. Who knew that behind those nerdy glasses and mousy looks lurked such a hot cock loving slut? Don’t to download all parts of this erotic movie.