Will is a famous rapper, so Mia’s thrilled when he calls her up for a favor, when his backup dancer gets injured at a rehearsal. After hitting it off at her casting, this sexy blonde manages to bag the lead dancing role in her favorite rapper’s music video. She finds herself on her knees, sucking and stroking those two big black cocks and drenching them with her drool. She deep throats the black guy’s cock. It’s so big and thick she can’t fit it all in without choking and gagging but the slut is going to make the most of the opportunity. The guy lies down and the sexy white babe straddles herself atop his lap, grabbing his thick meat sword and aiming it at her tight cunt, ready to get impaled by it. It is bigger than anything she has ever seen, it has to be at least 11 inches long! “You want some of this black dick in your white pussy don’t you slut?” She lowers her pink cunt onto his dick slowly, it feels so good. He pulls out then rams it right back into her. He kept doing it, over and over. Her pussy is getting slammed by his huge cock and she is loving it! She rides it, feeling his hands on her meaty ass while she keeps sucking his friend’s dick. Then the black guys change positions, the hot naked babe is riding his cock while sucking on the rapper’s flesh mic. “That’s a good little white slut” She gets back on his dick and makes her bubble ass bounce on it. Her buttocks are swollen red from the spankings these black studs are giving her and she just wants more and more black cock inside her. She kisses them and plays with their dark members and they spit roast her. Down on her hands and knees, the beautiful blonde girl takes one black dick in her mouth and the other in her twat, doggy style from behind. She grabs the black cock and rubs it on her lips, back and forth across them with the big thick head of his cock. They fuck her harder and faster with every passing moment, putting her on her belly and pounding her hard from behind while on top of her. Sexy Mia hasn’t even started dancing and she’s already having the time of her life! 