A game of poker quickly turned into some hardcore pounding! Well, not every man gets a chance to play strip-poker with a gorgeous girl like this. I mean, just imagine getting a chance like this. Furthermore, just imagine winning a game like this. Just playing around like that would be quite the experience as well. See. This petite babe is played around with was probably horny as fuck as well so you could say I really lucked out. I mean, most girls would accept this kind of thing right? Hell, I can blame my good looks for this kind of thing. God truly blessed me. Well, as the game went on it seemed as if it was all set up since I had all my clothes on and this cutie lost all her clothes along the way. This escalated into teasing and then the naked girl finally ran up to me and decided that it was time to hop onto my lap, this escalated into some hardcore sex, obviously. I mean, how do you expect it to end with a hot cutie sitting in my lap? Well, she obviously got down to sucking on my massive cock real quick, so I guess that’s a big plus. Who doesn’t want to get their dick sucked on? Asexuals males, probably. Luckily, I’m not like that. That kind of thing is way too fucking weird for me so yeah, I’ll be getting pussy quite soon. A lot of weird shit goes through my head while she sucks on my dick, but when my nuts got in her mouth, my head went blank. Her tongue was quite amazing and feeling it slide all over my nuts was amazing. I felt like God. Does Yahweh get such treatment in heaven? Maybe, I don’t know. However, what I do know that her mouth game was on-fucking-point! This, however, did not end there. The young naked girl had to lay down on her butt and lift her legs up in the air and then it was time for the penetration. I kept pounding away as fast and as hard as I could and this ended up being one of the best ways to have sex. See. I even ended up busting a huge load inside of her little cunt. And she accepted it all. I hope she was on the pill. She probably was, “Cum in me,” she gasped “Cum in me!”   I kept going for a while and I came in her a few times. There was so much cum that it formed a white puddle on the floor. I watched a thick river of cum slid down the girl’s cunt to her open mouth. The little bitch had an orgasm with each squirt of cum in her cunt. She rubbed that little sensitive clit of hers while I pounded away, and I kept going fast and faster until she interrupted me and started rubbing the cum all over her pussy. Then she moved onto riding my fat cock and rubbing my balls till she came and shivered really fucking hard. I had filled her little pussy to overflowing but she still wanted more my hot sperm! Cum was splashing out of my balls and over her ass as she kept slamming herself down onto my spurting cock. That slut made me cum again and again into her tight cunt. She felt my seed shooting deep into her belly and we both cumming uncontrollably now.