Madison teaches her girlfriend Kissa a hardcore lesbian sex lesson for forgetting their anniversary. The sexy babe booked this fancy, exclusive five-star restaurant in advance for this special night but it looks like her brunette girlfriend Kissa forgot about their anniversary, letting her know she has to work, so Madison decides to teach her a lesson. She suggests a quickie before Kissa leaves for work and strips naked before her in the bedroom. After tying Kissa up, licking her ass crack, her pussy and her little asshole and promising her some hot and heavy action. The beautiful busty naked babe retrieves a big black magic wand and rope from her night table drawer. She starts kissing and licking Kissa’s thighs, sliding her slick tongue up the crack of her ass. She puts her on her belly and ties her wrists behind the small of her back. But then she decides to distract herself for a while, leaving Kissa high, dry and horny as hell. After a ton of taunting and teasing, she is finally willing to give her girlfriend some of the satisfaction she so desperately needs – as long as she promises not to cum before Madison gives her the go-ahead. She keep licking her asshole and her et cunt, masturbating her with the vibrator at the same time. She releases her and gets down on her hands and knees so her lesbian girlfriend can eat her out and rim her asshole. Kissa sits on Madison’s face and puts her down on all fours so she can keep eating her pussy and ass. She realizes she forgot about this special date and wants to make it up for her with the hottest lesbian anniversary sex they can have. While eating her ass, she uses the vibrator en her pussy and makes her cum over and over. Then she uses the sex toy on herself while Madison licks her perfect ass and dripping wet cunt with her delicious tongue. Kissa bends over the bed rest as she takes that vibrator on her snatch and Madison kisses and licks her ass, also munching on her muff. The hot naked girls get into a 69, with one sexy babe on top and the other one wrapping her legs around her body and pressing her against her as the lesbians give each other hot oral sex and end the evening tribbing with the vibrator pressed up against their pussies, cumming over and over. One of the best girl-girl scenes I’ve watched! Lots of energy and sex! 