I love Miami, bikinis and sunshine man, bikinis and sunshine. As drive down the road in my sweet mustang convertible, I look to the right and my jaw dropped. A sweet heart-shaped ass is jiggling on the sidewalk. The more I look, the more my blood pressure rises. After a brief horn sound, and “Hello girl.”, this sweet ass is walking towards my car. A face of an angel and perfect skin adorned with a lot of tattoos now stands on looks at me, and her dark eyes are mesmerizing. Looking at that sexy babe I think to myself ‘Boy she is one feisty, crazy latina’. Now after a brief conversation, where compliment her, and she compliments my car and a bit of flirting, the hot babe jumps in and we drive for some ice-cream. Now my dream is to get a famous Miami fellatio from a hot spicy latina and after Gina sees my old popsicle sticker, this crazy babe offered her expertise and her apartment for some fun-time. A bit of flirting and groping on the way. Boy, she is one hell of a tease. Now two can play that game. Red light is on, and my hand is all over her natural tit and her sensitive little nipple, which gets all wrapped up. The horny slut just can’t wait any longer, so she took my dick in her sweet teen mouth and started sucking and licking it while I drove. Now I can’t wait for us to get there. Finally, as I hit the break, we jump out, and she just can’t keep her hands off me. That does it for me. I enter rage mode, pick her up and carry her up to her apartment. As I break the door open, she kisses me and fondles me. Throwing her on the bed I start to lick her latina pussy occasionally giving her clit a love tap and wet kiss. Well, it is time to repay the favor, as the bikini babe gets on all fours and fulfills my fantasy, a great fellatio from a sexy latina. A bit of spanking and fingering while she blows me, gets her dripping wet, and I gotta taste that sweet juice of hers, so we end up in 69 as we play with each other. God damn that bitch can suck dick! She is such a good cock sucker!   This is all hot but I must fuck her young wet pussy before I blow, and we kept this up, I would have finished in her mouth. I position my self at her entrance and slowly push, her wet pussy takes me with ease, and start to build up the temp, reaching pounding level. After only a couple of seconds, she came hard all over my dick, and I just had to taste her again. Her teen pussy was so tight after her orgasm, that my finger could bearly fit inside. But the show must go on so now I took the naked girl, I met just an hour ago, doggy style, standing etc. All kinds of positions, all over the place. And the little slut kept on cumming and cumming, and every time I licked her juices she cleaned my cock. The horny girl can’t get enough as she cums over and over until I give her the huge creampie she’s been waiting for. After a good half-an-hour I could not take it anymore, so I asked her where does she want my cum. Gina answered with passion “Deep in my cunt”, and I delivered. We ended in each other’s embrace, as the sun set over Miami. She is fantastic and so fucking hot! Fact: all latinas are crazy and sexy! 