Football players are admired and envied by many, who wish they had their wealth, fame and good fortune, but they don’t know, it can become quite the burden, especially with all these horny girls that just won’t leave you alone! This famous soccer (football) player gets the door and finds himself with three gorgeous female fans. He didn’t make it to the world cup and the girls are here to lift his spirits with their hot bodies! When the girls lift their football jerseys and show off their gorgeous tits, he invites them over. What can he say, it’s the price of fame! He starts fondling their young titties and sucking on their nipples while the gitls take off his shorts and boxers. The blonde, leader of the gang, takes his fat cock in her hands and gives him head, sucking it deep and stroking it avidly while her friends entice him with their milky breasts. He stands and three naked girls gather around him, on their knees and sharing his boner, giving this famous player a triple blowjob. He can feel their soft lips, silky tongues and agile fingers all over his member and his balls, what a sensation! He pushes their heads against his crotch so the sluts can deep throat his throbbing erection and they swallow his balls too. Anything to keep their beloved hero happy! He makes the naked girls get down on their hands and knees, side by side, peeling down their shorts and panties and exposing their juicy bubble butts, diving between their ass cheeks and passing his tongue down the cracks of their asses, licking their tight assholes and dripping wet slits one by one. The girls kiss and touch while they get orally pleasured by the player. He takes one of the girl’s asses with both hands and rams his fat cock deep inside her gushing twat, pounding her hard doggy style from behind. The rest of the girls can’t wait for their turn to feel his big dick inside them, they are all so excited! One by one, he fucks the naked girls from behind. Then he lies on his back so the horny girls can ride on his dick, bouncing up and down his lap and taking it in cowgirl position and reverse. The blonde loves riding that cock and feeling her friends’ hands all over her jugs. Next, the three teen babes all lie flat on their backs and spread their legs wide open, ready for some really intense missionary style fucking, rubbing their wet cunts while they get fucked by the football player. It’s like he’s scoring goal after goal with his dick in their cunts, there are no fouls or red cards for this football stud! He loves watching the expressions of sheer pleasure on their faces while he is banging them, and the impatience on the other girls’ faces while they wait for their turn and he can already imagine them drenched in his hot and sticky spunk! 