The super hot teen babe answered a casting ad and man I was glad she did. This chick was super hot and I talked to her about the gig and had her strip down to put some bikinis on before seeing her skin getting oiled up. Gianna was a cute tan brunette, and obviously, this was my kind of girl, so you know what I wanted to do to her right away. I just couldn’t help but pull out my dick and start playing with myself and got caught lol. I would like to have sex with her, but would she want to do it with me? Well, yeah, she would. See, she actually had to do it. We were doing some casting so yeah fucking obviously she was going to fuck me eventually. Check out those young perky fucking titties, oh my god. God damn, I couldn’t handle this. I have to slide it inside her. What the fuck do it. How do I convince her quickly to do this? Okay fuck it, let’s do what Joey did in friends. He stripped in front of Monica, I should do the same thing. I calm her down and talked to her into helping me out since we both seemed horny. My dick is inside her mouth finally, the little bitch was flicking my cockhead with her tongue, kissing and licking it. Her wet mouth swallowing my dick whole. What was her name again? Ah, Gianna, right. My head goes blank like that sometimes, especially when someone sucks on my fat fucking cock, ya know? She happened to love it, too. Yeah, I love my cock. Mock me all you want, but that’s a very heterosexual thing to do and I don’t care. The sexy naked girl sucked on it gently and circled her tongue around the tip and this went on and on until it she decided that her jaw was starting to hurt from all the sucking. I caressed her cute little face a bit while the naked model sucked and as I stared into her eyes I realized she was one of the cutest girls I had ever seen and I was so lucky to have seen her. My balls slapped her face as she sucked on my veiny cock, and I could tell that this submissive cutie loved literally every single second of this.   She made me stroke my circumcized beast a bit, too, but this did not last too long. She wanted a taste of it for herself so yeah, it this obviously couldn’t go on for way too long. Eventually, I got her down on all fours and I inserted my pale cock inside her tight little pussy and as it went inside I felt the walls of the pussy tighten up and squeeze my dick. Cervix boxing ensued. God, the pussy felt so fucking nice. Her pink wet pussy slit was so pretty. She started riding me, slowly but soon she was bouncing on my prick like a whore. The girl was fucking herself on my big, thick cock! I fucked her from different angles. Her slender body was the utmost of perfection, what a lovely pussy, flawless butt cheeks, adorable face and sexy little curves. The naked girl was slamming her cunt down on my cock. over and over and over again. I am never pulling out. Okay, I have to, I feel like I am so close to cumming, fucking hell. Her fat cheeks absorbed all the blows and we both came hard.