Not how Saint Patrick intended for us to celebrate Saint Patrick’s day, but fuck it! An unholy way to kick off this kind of celebration, yeah? I guess. Fucking hell, bitches were whipping out their titties all over the god damn place. American culture sure fucked up this holy day. Everyone just kicks off some green orgies on days like this. And wearing green all year long for some extra luck was definitively worth it. You could say I was blessed. I laid down and these naked bitches just kept getting on top of me and making me pound their tight little cunts as hard as I possibly could. I was treated just like fuckmeat. And there was someone out there ready to record this all the time. Luckily the girls always kept their phones around them. What do girls like? Dick. So yeah, these college sluts just could not get enough of my dick! When one of the naked college girls was riding my dick, the other one was licking my balls, moaning and rubbing her cunt. There was that sexy blonde with pierced nipples, the hottest girls in the entire college. She wasn’t a cheerleader, but she could have easily been one. She got naked too, came to us. The girls started to kiss and fondle each others’ tits. Then, she lowered her cunt onto my face and said “Start licking boy!” I did my best, eating out her vagina with my tongue and sucking on her clit. The hot naked blonde moved her wet cunt around slowly and pressing her clit down onto my mouth and tongue. My cock was very hard and I could feel all three naked girls having sex with me all together. The blonde bitch suddenly  pulled my dick out her friend’s cunt and started sucking very hard at my swollen head. Then she positioned herself on top of my dick and  impaled her wet cunt on my pole. I grabbed her hips and ruthlessly rammed my rock hard dick into her body. “Yeees, fuck me! Make me cum!” she screamed.   I was driving into her so hard my balls were slapping against her ass “Oh, fuck yeah!” The hot blonde turned around and kept riding me in reverse cowgirl, twerking her perfect ass in front of my face, grinding her cunt into me like a cock-starved slut. The thing that put my erection over the top was when the naked girls got into a pyramid, giving me a perfect down all the girls tops. They spread their ass cheeks and I moved from one pussy to the other. The girls couldn’t stop moaning, kissing, playing with each other. My friends kept orbiting around me as I fucked these horny girls, as I rammed their pussies one after another and I even got to lick out some of them. However, this did not end like this. I typically was an overachiever, I had to get them to cum. And so I did, all of them eventually orgasmed after sharing my cock. I literally couldn’t stop cumming when all naked girls knelt in front of me, licking my balls and sick, sharing my sperm, getting themselves lubed up with my cum.