Who doesn’t love creampie scenes with white cum leaking out of a swollen pussy? Sure, someone sure has a preference for a cum facial, but. Well, this sexy Asian girl showed off her amazing body in the gym a bit before fucking this guy with a massive cock, and I’ll be honest with you, I’m fucking jealous, for many reasons. Check out that sexy Asian girl, what a perfect ass and big boobs. The naked babe quickly got down on her knees upon seeing his dick and she started sucking on it like a real slut should. He grabbed her head and started pounding her cute little throat. She gagged and begged him to slow down a bit but he did not want to stop at all. He enjoyed it way too much, hell, I would be close to cumming at this point. Then he moved her around a bit and finally licked her tight little pussy a bit before licking on her asshole as well. This is when she just couldn’t handle what he was doing to her and she had to beg for him to start pounding her little cunt as hard as possible. And so he did. Her pussy is so tight that he came in her after a minute! His cum was dripping out of her lips, down his shaft, onto the floor. The Asian slut scooped some up with her finger and tasted it. He pushed his cum-covered shaft back into her swampy hole and kept pounding her even harder. She moaned feeling the shots of cum being injected into her body. Hot gobs of cum oozed out of her lips and dribbled off of her clit. She couldn’t handle his cock going hard as fuck like this, so she wanted to have a little more control over him. She rode his cock with her wonderful boobs bouncing up and down. Cum was leaking out of her pussy, oozing out between his slimy cock and her tightly stretched pussy. Her pubic hair was matted with sticky sperm. He held her legs together to make a beautiful pussy burger with another creampie oozing out between her puffy lips. The busty Asian babe rode his dick and after making him cum a few times they finally orgasmed. There was a puddle of cum beneath her and the cum was running down her legs. 