When this gorgeous young babe took a semester off from college and needed a place to stay, it was her dad’s best friend who came to her rescue. The ebony college coed wasn’t about to return to campus without seducing him. She looked amazing and obviously, she wanted to have sex with him, just looking at him made her body shiver and tense up in the best way. So, one evening the little slut did sneak up on him and what happened was actually something that a lot of men would fantasize about. The sexy Ebony Asian babe whipped his cock out when he was sleeping and after a little bit of convincing and kissing with her dad’s friend, his cock was inside her mouth, and she sucked on it was absolutely wonderful. The hottest blowjob I have ever seen! The hot babe eventually got what she had desired all along, his hands running all over her perky tits and squeezing her ass, and most of all, the feeling of his hard cock in her mouth. He turned her around, pulled her sexy lingerie aside and started fingering her pussy, she kepr sucking his dick almost upside down. After this, the babe found herself on the bed, and her tight pussy was getting licked and kissed by him. She was progressively getting hornier and hornier as he licked her out and even slapped her wet cunt a few times. Her eyes rolled back in her head. Her body started to convulse. It was only her first orgasm this night, and many more of these would be ahead. He quickly stood and rammed his massive dick into her wet cunt. It was quite a sight seeing his muscular body on top of her cute feminine body. Her face was covered in spit, and she was moaning hard as fuck while he used her tight little love hole, and as the pounding went on, she accepted complete submission to her man. The naked babe wrapped her legs around him tightly, kissing and biting his neck. Her orgasm was so intense that her body rose up off the sofa, curling her torso toward him. He didn’t want to stop, she wanted him to keep fucking her hard. The girl ate his magnificent erection up gladly and they continued fucking in missionary while they kissed passionately. He increased the speed and intensity. Her hard nipples rubbed against his chest. harder and harder. Ooooooooh. deeper. The sexy girl had another orgasm already quivering with her lust.   Then the hot naked girl got down on her knees again and started sucking on his fat cock just like she did in the beginning, but the experience was obviously better now since his cock was lubed up with the juices that seeped out of her little pussy. Then she sucked on his balls, and this moved into some super hardcore cowgirl riding and an intense orgasm from both of them. The naked babe started to rock forward and back against him, almost bending his shaft with her movements, moving almost all the way off his hot throbbing dick, then slamming herself down and pushing forward, grinding down around him… over and over… Hard and fast. Leaning backward then forward. Screaming. Never stopping. The muscles of her vagina squeezing him. She grabbed him and just hold on helplessly as her orgasm ripped through her body, a white hot lights flashing orgasm. She moaned and he caressed her hips and tits. Their arms wrapping each other tightly as two naked bodies thrust and grind against each other. That last position… holy fuck she looked amazing like that.