I got a new job and realized that I have the sexiest boss the world had ever seen. The busty babe came to my office, sat across from me on the table, crossed her legs and started talking in such a seductive way. She openly wanted to fuck her so that she can help me get more opportunities. I pretended not to be interested until she sperad her legs and brazenly exposing her panties to me, then came close to me, pulled my pants down and started sucking my dick like in an unbelievable way! Her sweet mouth and her soft boobs made me so horny that I put her on the table, pulled her pants down and started licking her beautiful trimmed pussy! She was soaking wet, and her pussy juices tasted like heaven! I was so hard that I simply couldn’t wait anymore. She’s such a dirty little slut that I have to show her a good time! I spread her legs right there on the table and started fucking her cunt with my huge prick. She was fondling her amazing big tits and stared at me beautifully while I pounded her harder and harder, I realized that I was cumming! I held my cock deep into her vagina until all my cum was emptied. I withdrew and my sperm started leaking out of her cunt. Her cunt lips and her hairy bush were hanging open and they were covered with cum. She looked at it and smiled. I wanted to make her pussy go on fire and kept pounding her pussy at high speed! That made her into a sex goddess. I started banging her really hard in a doggy style to which she responded great! I slammed into her hard as I felt each jet spurt into her, filling her up so full of cum that it was starting to squirt out with each thrust. Her time has come, and she wanted to show me a couple of moves. The naked babe got on her feet and started riding me with her huge round butt. Now my cum was squishy between our bodies. That’s when she decided to make me crazy even more, turned around and started riding me in the opposite direction with her butt facing me. I couldn’t take it anymore, so I shot a big load of my cum in her open mouth too! My office mentor was lying fully naked on the desk, a creampie was leaking out of her cunt, her pubic hair was covered in cum, her boobs were matted with cum, more sperm was dripping from her open mouth. 