Lately, every time I bump into my stepsister around the house she’s dancing. While in the kitchen, I asked her what was that about, and she told me lately she’d been going to many new dance clubs and meeting new people and invited me to dance with her. Now, I don’t know how to dance. Matter of fact, I have two left feet, but my horny stepsister offered to teach me how to dance. As the hot teen babe rubbed her juicy bubble butt against my crotch, I started getting a throbbing boner. I knew she could feel it against the crack of her ass by the coy smile on her naughty face. The class ended there, but I couldn’t get her cute little ass off my mind. A few hours later I went into her bedroom and she was lying in bed, wearing a sexy see through panty that exposed her sexy ass. I decided I wanted her to give me a couple more dance lessons and there she was, twerking on my lap. I asked my sexy sister if I could just pull it out and she said yeah, just do not stick it in me. I pulled my cock out and placed it under her sexy transparent panties, between her butt cheeks as she kept twerking. As it turned out there was nothing surprising in it for my horny step sister, the guys in clubs often jerks off on her ass or pussy. She pulled her panties so I could cum in her panties and I did, jerking off against her pussy and cumming all over her lovely pussy! She smiled and just pulled her panties back, there was sticky cum on her mound and her landing strip. I couldn’t help but think about her lovely teen pussy and her cute ass. Damn right I wanted to fuck my slutty sister. I wanted to jam my cock balls deep into her pussy and pound her mercilessly until I spewed a load of cum into her womb. The next night, in the living room, she asked if we could pretend not to be stepsiblings for the night and just fuck!   Then the little slut started sucking my hard cock on her knees. I spread her legs wide open and pushed my cock inside her little cunt, fucking her in missionary position. I put her down on her hands and knees, groping her sexy bubble shaped ass, penetrating and fucking her gushing pussy doggy style from behind while she moaned and grunted with mad pleasure. She climbed on top of me so she could ride on my erection in cowgirl position, arching her body back, the perky nipples on her small breasts fully erect. I put her on her back again for more missionary style fucking, then flat on her belly, her legs pressed together, banging her on top and from behind, feeling her pussy so tight. The young naked girl spread her ass cheeks so I could fuck her even deeper. My horny sister rode me in reverse cowgirl and I could watch that bouncing ass forever!