I had been dating this sexy, tiny brunette girl for a few weeks and he was finally time for us to fuck. We were at my place and she was on her knees, with her big tits dangling over her yellow top as I pulled down my pants and saw the expression of shock on her face when she got a first look at my huge dick! I could tell the petite girl had never seen anything as big. Her eyes were wide open and her jaw almost dropped to the floor. Then she got this huge grin on her face as she fondled her breasts, she definitely loved what she had before her. She took it with her hands, stroking it as she examined it from every angle and placed it against her cheek to measure its length compared to her head. After rubbing it all over her cute face she started licking, kissing and sucking it like a dirty big cock craving slut. I love watching tiny girls like her trying to deep throat my giant cock. She barely fit half of it in her small mouth. I held her head still and fucked her mouth, pushing my hefty sausage down her throat. I got on top of the kitchen counter and lied on my back as the tiny naked girl squatted over my meaty pole, slowly sticking it inside her gushing cunt, inch by inch, until I was completely inside of her pussy. Impaled on my cock, I placed my hands on her hips, pushing her petite body up and down, watching those beautiful big tits bouncing in reverse cowgirl position. I grabbed them and squeezed them hard, like ripe grapefruits and she rubbed her cunt while riding me. My sexy Latina girlfriend could not believe how wide her pussy was stretched by my huge cock! I grabbed her slim waist, slamming vigorously into her pelvis, over and over harder and harder, my balls slamming against her cunt. Her round tits swayed with each thrust. She sucked my dick some more, letting me push her head against my crotch while giving me head. “Mmmmmph! Mmmmmph!” my new girlfriend moaned around my huge cock as she continued to suck and flick her tongue over the head of my dick as best she could.   The tiny naked girl got back on top, this time riding in cowgirl and pushing her big boobs against my chest and my face. Her pussy was stretched tightly around the thick shaft of my cock, the girl was sliding up and down the slick flesh, feeling my balls on her ass cheeks as the head of my cock battered her womb into submission. The cock was in so deep that she was sure it would come out her mouth. She was screaming as I slammed into her, our bodies slapping together with each downward thrust. “Fuck me harder …please…I want to cum on your big cock..!” she was screaming as I kept forcing my large cock deep into the incredibly hot, tight hole. After some more oral, I put her down on her hands and knees and pulled her hands behind her back while pounding her wet muff doggy style from behind. Pinning her shoulders on the floor and with the lower part of her body raised, I jack hammered her in a pile driver position while rubbing her cunt and ready to cum all over those big tits and her face. I even made the bitch fly through the skies with my powerful Superman sex position!