Finally, married! My girlfriend had decided we abstain from sex a couple of months before our wedding, you know, to make it special. As you can imagine, I was waiting for our wedding night for so long that there was a gallon of cum in my nuts! As my young wife danced for me in her sexy white lace wedding night lingerie, she told me she had a special surprise for me. Well, I had a special surprise for her too, loads of built up cum in my balls! She removed her bra, showing me her spectacular tits and perky nipples. She peeled the panties down her thighs as I admired her sexy ass and pink cunt and those sexy tan lines that make me so fucking hard. She touched herself while dancing sensually and I grabbed that naked ass and pushed her towards me, munching on her tits. I sucked on her nipples, kissed her lips and pushed my tongue inside her mouth. She got me naked, taking my throbbing erection in her soft hands, tenderly kissing my shaft, licking the tip of my dick and sucking it hard. Down on her knees, my beautiful naked wife looked into my eyes while sucking and stroking my member and lubing it up with her saliva. I felt her tongue swirling around inside her mouth as she massaged the head of my cock with her lips and tongue. I couldn’t believe how good this was feeling, we hadn’t have sex and I already felt like cumming. I took my girl to bed, putting her on her back and spreading her legs wide open, slowly pushing my hard cock inside her tight cunt and fucking her in missionary position. Man, it had been such a long time! Matter of fact, so long that it took me just seconds to cum, and since she was my wife now, I blew a huge load of hot cum inside her pussy and the look on her face was priceless! She wasn’t expecting it but loved it and asked me to fill her up with more! She wanted all my cum inside her now! My dick still throbbed in her body.   I kept fucking her in missionary and cumming in her vagina. She felt my hot cum splash the walls of her cunt and it was awesome. A mixture of her juice and my sperm began to leak out around my cock and run down her ass. “Yeah, keep milking my cock with your pussy!” She moaned loudly as another cum load splashed against her cervix, setting off her orgasm. She screamed as she arched her hips off the bed, making me keep fucking her and cumming in her. A river of creampie cum slowly dripped out of her cunt, one creampie after another. Then she flipped over and I gave her another load of creamy cum. The spunk oozed from her slit and dripped down her thighs, what a view! She was over flooding with my sperm! I got her on top and made her bounce on my dick in reverse cowgirl position, shooting yet another load up her vaginal funnel and watching her drip creampies all over the place! Each time she squeezed her cunt muscles in orgasm another large dollop of cum squished out of her vagina. I will never forget our wedding night, the way her pussy slides up and down on my shaft and my beautiful wife in a larger puddle of sperm!