Sofi, the girl next door, is moving out and took me up on my offer to help out if she needed anything. She called me to help her out with her housework. When I got there, the sexy brunette greeted me with a big smile. She was wearing jeans and a skimpy top and as she bent over to push some stuff into a box, I could see her beautiful big all natural tits! Her youthful and flawless bobbies were quite stunning. She was dripping sweat and her big boobs jest kept slipping under her top, giving me such a boner! After helping out, we took a break on her couch and as she passed her fingers over the throbbing bulge under my pants she let me know she wanted a last fuck on her couch before moving out! She unbuttoned and unzipped my pants, releasing my huge boner and grabbing it in her soft hands, stroking it and taking it to her mouth so she could give me a fabulous blowjob. She spit on the tip, spreading all over my shaft while jerking me off and eating my dick. The saliva was dripping down her lips and chin as she devoured the my meaty sausage. She deep throated my cock, sucking and licking my balls, lubing me up with her drool, removing her top and placing my member between her big tits, giving me a tit job. Then the girl next door stripped totally naked and asked if I was going to fuck her with my big cock. She didn’t need to ask twice! She straddled herself on top, pushing it inside her gushing cunt and bouncing up and down on my lap while riding me in cowgirl position. Man, those big melons were jiggling like crazy and I couldn’t get my eyes off them as we fucked. She bit her lip and gave me a dirty smile while she continued riding on my dick and I finally flipped her over so I could get a good look at her fine ass and she looked over her shoulder while getting her twat fucked hard in reverse cowgirl. I put the slut down on her hands and knees, grabbing her silky black hair in my hands and pulling her head back as I pushed my dick inside her snatch and fucked her doggy style from behind on top of her beloved couch, squeezing her tits before nutting all over them! 