Officer Scarlet Johnson and her partner, Sgt. Blair are two police officers on patrol with this guy in the backseat, filming a reality documentary. Scarlet joined the force hoping to make a difference on the community in her own very special way. The cops are called to handle an armed robbery going on at a residential area. They enter the home and catch the mask wearing burglar red handed. When they order him to raise his hands, his jeans drop. He’s armed! Armed with a huge throbbing boner, that is! The officers wonder if the weapon is loaded or just shoots blanks, but there is only one way to figure it out. While scarlet handcuffs the criminal, Sgt. Blair gets on her knees, she has never seen so big hard dick before. Seeing what he’s packing, the horny woman makes sure to give him a thorough pat-down. She just can’t help sucking and stroking his big juicy cock! The hot police officer pops her blouse open, exposing her beautiful tits and making the criminal suckle on her perky nipples while Officer Scarlet takes care of his big member, sucking it hard and jerking him off. The no-nonsense sergeant instructs her partner in the regulation technique for deepthroating. Sgt. Blair assists her, tending to the criminal’s balls, popping them in her wet mouth and sucking them so hard. Officer Scarlet bends over the bed, grabbing on tight to the bed sheets while pushing her juicy bubble butt back up against the perp’s dick, feeling it pounding her tight muff. Sgt. Blair gets down on her hands and knees by her side, pulls down her panties, spreads her ass so she can get fucked doggy style from behind by the suspect. Officer Scarlet rubs her wet muff and watches her partner taking that big dick. The naked officers bend over to take turns getting fucked by their suspect. One naked babe rides on that delicious erection and feels her partner’s hands all over her big tits and licks her asshole while she gets fucked by the burglar. Total fantasy of mine, absolutely love this scene. Would love to fuck two hot ass, horny cops. Blair looks cute in the cop uniform….so does Scarlet. One rides his cock while the other sits on his face, and the naked babes share a delicious load of his hot cum! Blair and Scarlet get so carried away sharing all of his hot cum, they don’t even notice when the naked burglar makes a break for freedom! 