This cute girl and her boyfriend have a guest for the weekend, her best friend from school, who she hasn’t seen in such a long time. She’s a heavenly bombshell, with colorful hair, big tits and ass. After leaving her in the guest room the boyfriend and girlfriend go back to their room and starts fooling around. He’s snacking on her delicious breasts and puffy nipples, but she’s feeling a bit self-conscious, worried that their guest might hear them through the wall their bedrooms share. He strips his hot girlfriend naked and bends her over, eating her ass and cunt and finger banging her with her legs spread wide open while lying down and squeezing one of her tits. He is doing a good job of eating her out, licking her clit, her ass, tongue fucking her slit… Her friend is sleeping in the next room, but that doesn’t stop the horny girl from whipping out her boyfriend’s huge cock for a light afternoon of having her tight pussy pounded! The little slut sucks his dick and licks his balls and as predicted, their sex sounds wake up her sexy friend who sneaks a peek into their bedroom. Her tiny tits bouncing up and down as she gets fucked by her bf’s hard cock is enough to get this busty babe to masturbate by the stairs while watching them. The boyfriend sees her, but his girlfriend’s back is facing her friend, so she can’t see her fondling her breasts and getting off watching her riding her boyfriend’s dick. The beautiful naked girl rubs her clit while grinding her pelvis against his crotch, feeling her boyfriend’s cock so big and so hard inside her. It looks like having a guest has them both really turned on. He puts her on her back and spreads her, pounding her gushing muff in missionary position and sweat pours down their hot naked bodies, soaking the bed sheets. He puts her sideways and penetrates her from behind and then she straddles herself back on top, this time facing the other way, playing with herself while riding his sausage in reverse cowgirl position. He pulls an ottoman to the edge of the bed and pouts his naked girlfriend on her back over it so he can keep pounding her cunt in missionary position, watching her fingering her slit and rubbing her clit and just moaning and begging him to continue fucking her brains out and making her his fuck whore. Finally he is ready to blow his load, pulling his dick out of her pussy and stroking it until he shoots creamy loads of hot and sticky cum that blast all over her tits and her face and she opens up wide so she can as much cum in her mouth as possible!   Completely naked, the girlfriend’s school friend takes in the view as she gets stretched out with big dick until she’s getting glazed all over her pierced tits, licking up every last drop! Her best friend is next! After a sexually charged evening of voyeurism, the sexy babe knows she’s got her best friend’s boyfriend wrapped around her finger. When he walks in on her coming out of the shower, he already knows he’s about to cheat on his girlfriend! Turning the shower back on, the girlfriend’s naked friend drops to her knees and generously puts her perky tits to work up and down his throbbing erection, stopping only to slide him inside her pretty mouth for a sloppy blowjob! Moving to the bedroom, he pounds her tight pussy harder than he ever did his girlfriend’s, filling her with cock until he’s unloading all over her pretty face – a perfect moment for his girlfriend to walk in on them in her bed!