Two hot girls are playing video games but they are in need of some sexual energy, so they call their friend over and tell him to fuck them while they play their game. He is more than happy to oblige. Jumping on the busty brunette, he starts to play with her big natural boobs, and massive bubbly ass. All this sexy groping makes him horny, so he pulls out his dick, hard dick. Pulling his first fuck buddy’s panties down he penetrates her without warning, making her gasp as she feels his full size in her horny, wet pussy. He starts to pound her hard while she moans with hot pleasure. She’s chubby with a big round ass, what a hottie. I really enjoy watching her ass jiggle like jelly whenever his pelvis hit her. If you’re looking for a one-hundred-percent organic set of big natural tits and an incredible bubble booty as sweet and round as a couple of watermelons, look no further! After playing with her big ass for a bit, he continues to fuck her hard. Feeling that he is neglecting his other friend, he pulls out and moves over to her. Kissing this hot blonde teen, he pulls her shirt up too and starts to pinch her small titties, before moving on to her beautiful heart-shaped ass. This sweet vixen has such stunning hourglass curves. Two hot girls into video games, I wish I was that guy. Being already very hard, he just pulls her panties off and penetrates her hard with his full size, making this girl also gasp at the feeling of being fully staffed. As he spreads her ass cheeks apart, he fucks her hard and spanks her from time to time. This hot teen also moans in pleasure that she receives. After pounding her for a while, he switches pussies, again penetrating hard and fucking the first girl even harder them before, making her scream. Constantly switching from pussy to pussy he gives the girls a hard pounding. He then decided that he wants a hard sloppy blow job, which he gets from a busty brunette, while he is kissing the hot blonde. After changing his girl again, this time for a sloppy and hot blow job, both girls decide that his joystick is much better than the ones they have, so they pause the game and only concentrate on his big cock, giving him a hot double blow job. Both naked girls look amazing wearing nerdy glasses.   After one girl jumps on another, he starts to pound one and lick the other one, and again switching pussies back and forward, fucking the young naked girls without mercy from behind. Now sitting on the couch, he holds his pole high, which girls cannot resist and jump on him one by one, as he fucks them like there is no tomorrow. Horny girls scream and moan in pleasure of their new found experience. After making one of the girl’s cum, other clean his dick from hot pussy juices. Now lining the naked teens both on the couch with their ass up in the air he fucks them both at the same time, one with his hard cock other with his thick fingers, constantly switching so both girls can be satisfied. And they are, judging by how hard they both came. But both girls have had enough, so they go down on their knees and give him another sloppy blow job, this time making him cum this time, sharing his hot cum. After their little fuck session girls unpause their game with happy faces covered in sticky cum.