My sexy brunette girlfriend seems like she woke up in a naughty mood, exposing her butt, flirting with me in her sexy white lace lingerie outfit. She’s crawling all over the bed on her hands and knees, moaning and purring like a pussy cat and passing her hands all over her perfect body while giving me dirty looks. She wiggles her sexy ass and pulls her outfit up so the G-string sinks between her meaty pink pussy lips and the crack of her ass. The little nympho puts on her lipstick and gets dressed, looks like she’s going to make me wait for it today. She grabs her guitar and strums a tune while singing for me. I love how she can be so cute and hot at the same time. In the afternoon, she’s looking lovely in a crop top and jeans while making me some coffee and I can’t help tugging on her thong. After an afternoon walk and finally back home, she comes over in a sexy black lingerie outfit and it looks like after teasing me the whole day my sexy girlfriend is ready to get down to business! I pass my hands all over her juicy ass while she wiggles it right in front of me, turning over and kneeling down. She takes my big throbbing member in her hands, looking into my eyes as she begins sucking and stroking it. Man, it’s been a really long day! Her sexy purr sounds like heavenly music as she slowly wraps her puffy lips around his thickness and works her way down my shaft. She holds it firmly at the base and goes down on it, swallowing as much cock meat as she can and sucking hard. I grab her, bending her over the couch and ramming my hard cock deep inside her gushing pussy, fucking her really hard from behind. Oh my god you sweet slut.   My sweet fucking slut. I’m going to fuck your pussy so hard and fill your little mouth with my hot cum, cum all over your pretty face, and let you lick it off with your tongue, just like you like it! My beautiful naked girlfriend pushes her perfect ass high into the air for me. I have been waiting all day long for this. I grab one arm and put it behind her back while banging her, then I lie down on the floor and she rides my hard dick in reverse cowgirl position. “I’m going to cum all over your cock!” she screams, her pussy contracting hard around my cock. Totally naked, she flips over and continues riding on my cock. I take her to the couch and spread her legs wide open, pounding her in missionary position, grabbing her neck as she begs me to keep fucking her and she rubs and massages her cunt and clit, screaming while finally cumming all over my cock like a dirty little slut!