This cute girl follows her friend over to her neighbor’s home so they can chill by the pool. The girls are having lots of fun, and are even close to start making out when her friend’s neighbor shows up. He’s wearing a fancy business suit and the first thing she notices is the huge bulge under his slacks. He looks upset by their presence and leaves, with her friend following him. She wonders what just happened and goes looking for her friend, finding her on her knees and giving her neighbor a hot blowjob! Looks like she’s used to chill by the pool with her well endowed neighbor! The little slut sucks his huge dick and it looks delicious, she reaches out and invites her to join them, so she kneels by her side as her friend takes her head and leans it towards that throbbing erection, feeling it inside her wet mouth as she begins sucking and stroking it. She can’t believe she’s doing this, but finds herself totally aroused, licking that long shaft with a dirty look in her eyes. Her friend and her lick the glistening tip and their slick tongues meet and entwine as they kiss and make out while sharing the guy’s massive meat pole. Two stunning ladies, with expressions carrying innocent sweetness will tag team in the art of threesome sex. The girls strip naked and she finds herself sandwiched between her friend and her hot neighbor, jerking his huge cock while kissing him and feeling her friend’s hands all over her naked ass. The girs get back on their knees so they can continue sucking that big sausage together and then she gets bent over. The neighbor rams his big dick deep inside her gushing cunt and starts fucking her from behind while her slutty friend licks her pussy and clit.   He lies on his back and the young naked girl rides on his boner, with her friend licking the guy’s balls. Now it’s her friend’s turn to enjoy that giant dick inside her, getting fucked in missionary position while she gets behind her, fondling her luscious tits and playing with her perky nipples, licking them with her tongue. She reaches over so she can massage her friend’s pink clam while she is getting fucked by the neighbor. The naked girls lie down on their bellies, one on top of the other, and he takes turns fucking their wet cunts from behind with his engorged erection and cumming all over their smoking hot bodies! Watch more beautiful young naked girls in the best hardcore erotica. These scenes are full of hardcore steamy sex and feature some of the most gorgeous girls on the Net.