Charles is finally getting to spend some time in the park with bombshell Leyla, when Gina jogs by them and recognizes him. The babe with a kim kardashian’s ass introduces herself as Charles’ girlfriend, which strikes Gina as odd, since they had a date set up for tomorrow. Looks like the dude is playing both fields and the girls are not too happy about it! Who’s the girlfriend and who’s the side chick in this situation? Charles runs away from the situation, with the girls pursuing him. Gina catches up with him first, getting on her knees and pulling down his pants, the horny teen slut is ready to remind him who’s who by sucking his hard cock like crazy. He holds her silky jet black hair back and fucks her mouth, with the girl making these sexy gagging sounds that make his dick so hard. He takes off his T-shirt and wraps it around her neck so he can push his cock down her throat, watching the teen slut choking on it. After drenching his dick with saliva he pins her against the window door, slapping her meaty ass, spreading her butt cheeks and stimulating her pussy and her asshole with his tongue. Grabbing her by her hair, he starts fucking her hard-core from behind, pressing her bare body against the window door. He has his entire ten inches stuffed balls deep into her hot cunt, pounding her, savoring his power over her. The other babe finally catches up with them and seeing how a sex freak Gina got a head start, she joins them in a hot threesome while they engage in a Side Chick Showdown over Charles and his big fat cock. He’s going to stop the girls from fighting over his dick.   Both girls get naked and Leyla climbs on top of his lap, pushing his hot throbbing cock inside her gushing cunt and riding him in reverse cowgirl position, making her juicy bubble butt and big tits bounce about while Gina watches them. She sucks on Leyla’s puffy nipples and rubs her wet muff, with Charles offering his sausage for her to suck on while he’s banging Leyla too. While the dude fucks Leyla in missionary, he makes out with Gina, who sits on Leyla’s face and gets her pussy eaten out by her. The hot teen gets put down on her hands and knees and feels that huge cock pounding her tight cunt doggie style from behind while the fat ass babe lays down in front of her, spread legged so Gina can munch on her muff. Instead of making Charles take, both girls much rather share him and his cock! After a sloppy, sensual fuck, Charles cums on their asses, and his orgasm gives the girls some clarity: they prefer each other to him anyway!