Ever since she bought a drum kit and started drumming for a local all girl band, my stepsister has been driving me crazy every time she rehearses. When she woke me up early in the morning with all that freaking noise, I walked in on her playing the drums to tell her off, but couldn’t control my morning hard on. That’s right, I had a massive erection and I guess seeing her in her drum kit kind of got me turned on. You know, the drummer chick fantasy and all that! When she asked why didn’t I come closer so she could help me out with that I had no willpower whatsoever to say no. The little slut got on her knees, taking my big throbbing boner in her soft hands and began sucking it while looking me in the eye. I knew this was just a way to get me to let her play her drums, but you know what, I could live with that! Sexy little bitch was swallowing my cock all the way down to the base! She pulled down her top, showing me her tiny titties, playing with them while biting on her lip. She kept sucking my cock, licking my balls and let me cum inside her mouth, filing it up with my creamy spunk! A few days later, she found out her stepbrother was dumped. Being the good stepsister she couldn’t stand to see me sad. So, she suggested me drop a load in her instead. What a thoughtful young lady! She pulled up her dress and I saw she wasn’t wearing any panties. My slutty sis came over and began masturbating her pussy for me.   The little slut straddled herself on top of me and pushing my hard cock deep inside her gushing cunt, riding me in cowgirl position. My naked sister flipped over, making her juicy bubble butt bounce up and down while riding me in reverse cowgirl. Man, my sexy drummer stepsister definitely has rhythm. She got down on her hands and knees, pushing that sexy ass back up against my cock so I could fuck her doggie style from behind. She kept backing it up, letting my long cock sink in and out of her tight clam and watching her tight asshole contracting with each and every thrust, until I was ready to blow my load again. She moaned like a slut and cried alittle. Man, now I let her practice and make all the noise she wants while I get to fuck her sweet pussy after her drumming rehearsals!