Nicolette’s husband got her a new rider for the Kenfucky Derby. The boy’s jaw dropped as the most compelling blonde with huge round tits walked into the room. His eyes were shining, and he couldn’t resist but watch her amazing body! He also noticed that she started flirting with him as if to give him more motivation to win the race. I love the way this stunning blonde teases the boy with no panties. The second her husband got out of the room, the bitch started jumping on the little guy in a jockey uniform and alluring him into fucking her. The hot bimbo immediately lifted her blue skirt up as he licked her pussy from below! After a while, her husband came into the room, so the boy had to hide below the kitchen desk. The man went away, and she returned to fucking that boy with much pleasure. The slut started gagging on his prick which sounded as if she’s drowning. The bitch really loves to suck it and enjoyed having him fuck her throat a lot! That’s when the naked blonde ordered him to sit down so that she can ride that big sausage of cock he has. She started riding his huge prick as her tits were all over his face. Her pussy so wet and beautifully sliding up and down his prick. The boy lifted one of her legs and started fucking her tight pussy so hard that she started squirting. He stuffed his huge prick inside her mouth again, and she loved it. The hot naked babe continued drowning in that dick while screaming so loud. He started fucking her from behind and lost balance since he’s so light-weight! I love Nicolette, she has such raw sexual energy and her scenes have some humour as well. He makes him keep fucking her in all crazy positions. When she picks him upside down & sucks him it’s just comedy, he’s so little & she’s so beefy lol. This boy reminds me of being a horny 12 year old who fantasized about big tits porno stars and what if anything i could do with them. Who wouldn’t want to be completely sexually dominated by the luscious Nicolette Shea?! Yeah, I thought so. He fucked her from above until both of them came in ecstasy!  