Stressed out from work, this hot blond cougar calls her stepson Lucas to her bedroom to see if he can help her with the pain on her neck and shoulders. His hands feel so good on her beautiful body, that she continues asking him to massage her just a little bit lower and while he massages her sexy feet, the hot woman asks if he can get her massager from her drawer. He’s surprised when he realizes it’s a magic wand, and he can feel her squirming and moaning as he applies it on her body and she guides it between her legs. The guy can’t believe he’s masturbating her mom’s cunt with her vibrator, making her moan, squirm as orgasm overcomes her. This MILF is so hot, she wants a hot young hard dick, deep into her cunt and she wants it right now. She strips down to her sexy lingerie and spreads her legs so he can eat her out. Her cunt is so wet, he licks her slit, sucks her clit, play with her lips and her pussy juices are covering his entire face. The sexy naked woman invites the teen boy to take her place on the edge of the bed so she can suck his big throbbing erection, stroking the base of his shaft while sucking the tip, making loud slurping sounds. She puts his dick between her big tits and massages it with them, giving him a delicious titjob. Her gorgeous boobs are something amazing! Would you like a such hot MILF massage your dick with her wonderful tits! Then the naked stepmom spreads her legs and tells him to fuck her in missionary position. The guy obeys and fucks her cunt with his hard dick while she squeezes her boobs. When he’s ready to cum, she begs him to blow his load inside her, feeling that sticky creampie oozing from her pink slit. He runs his cock up and down her slit and then pushes it back into her cunt. KEEP FUCKING ME … DON’T SLOW DOWN! I WANT MORE CUM IN MY BODY! He keeps fucking her, using his own cum as lube. He pulls the dick out of her cunt with a sucking sound and cum starts leaking out of her open cunt. Cum is running out of her pussy and pooling onto the bed. Sperm is constantly leaking out of his horny mom, a river of semen. Bending his hot naked stepmom over, he fucks her doggy style from behind, the hot cum dripping from her clam, his dick and balls. PUSH YOUR COCK DEEP INTO ME LIKE THAT!   The naked woman moaned and came again and again. She had an orgasm twice. OH FUCK YESSS, CUM IN MY CUNT! KEEP CUMMING IN ME! IT’S FANTASTIC!! She can’t stop moaning and he can’t stop cumming, over and over and over again, into her hot twat and it all feels so fucking good! Hot cum splashes into her vagina, shot after shot fills her body. Cum is flowing out of her body, down over his balls to her thighs and onto the bed. The beautiful naked girl rides on his cum soaked member and he spreads the cum all over her juicy ass and they can hear the squishy sounds the cum in her pussy makes while he keeps fucking her. He shoots another 5 or 6 times into her beautiful pussy. All that hot cum her stepson is giving her makes wonders for her neck pain!