I took some laundry in the laundromat with my GF and she was always the type that loves fucking in exciting places, usually outdoors. Today my horny girlfriend literally begged me to fuck right in the middle of the room with all those people around. I didn’t even have the time to answer when the little whore kneeled down and started sucking my prick like a little slut! I turned around, and there was still a lot of people around, but I managed to close us off somehow. She was giving me an amazing blowjob that got me in the crazy mood! I wanted to fuck her so bad and couldn’t wait to have my erect cock inside her little throat! My girl had spit dripping all over her beautiful face which also gave me a great boost. I constantly looked around to see if anyone’s looking, and that’s when I noticed someone coming over! She got into the washing machine and sucked my cock from It! After a couple of minutes, she bent over and got inside of that machine, stuck her naked ass out of the washer and I told me to pound her unbelievable butt! She started moaning, and I could hear the resonance of that sound with her head in there. I started fucking her faster and harder and enjoyed each sound that she was making. My crazy girlfriend fingered her little asshole as I continued pounding her from behind. I knew I was doing the right job with each “just like that” I got from her. This is what we always wanted, to fuck with no shame in a public place. I pulled her down, and she was all wet from the pure pleasure of me fingering her little cunt. I started licking her cunt and sent her to the seventh sky, the one that makes every sexual wish come true.   My half naked girlfriend turned around and started sucking me with such a bubbly pleasure. I was pushing my dick hard inside her throat and felt absolutely amazing. I sat her on a moving cart, she spread her legs presenting her pussy for me to fuck and I kept fucking her wet pussy so hard that she constrained herself from screaming very hard. My girl loved the sneaky sex and begged to be fucked even harder. I did my best, and her pussy was on fire. Her sexy boots and seducing tattoo soon brought me to the peak of this amazing sexual happening! I pulled my dick out fast, pulled her hair and spread my cum all over her sexy little face!