My GF’s best friend was the first one up in the morning after a sleepover. Lying on the floor of her bestie’s room, she pulled out her phone and started quietly scrolling some porn and double-clicking her own mouse. My girlfriend didn’t wake up, but I did and saw her rubbing her little pussy that was wet! That’s when the blondie told me her biggest fantasy – fucking me just behind my sleeping girlfriend. The danger of it made the little slut excited, and she wanted to flirt with danger the way she never did. I wasted no time, spread her legs and started having the wildest fuck of my life. She was getting very excited by the very thought that I’m going to fuck her tonight, and when I took her panties off, she was more than wet. I started fingering her little pussy as crazy, and each one of her sighs was a good sign that I’m headed in the right direction. I rubbed her little clit, her wet lips, her anus as she released the most alluring sounds of pure pleasure. She’s one of those young sexy girls that could finish a man just with her eyes. I wanted to make sure that my GF didn’t hear a thing, came over to her and put two earbuds in her ears. I returned to her slutty friend, laid down and got the most amazing blowjob of my life! That little slut was sucking me like she never sucked before. I licked her pussy while she was sucking me and I loved the way it tasted. I pulled her tiny body over to me and licked her pussy even hard in 69 position. I was licking her the best I could as the naked girl squeezed those beautiful tits. I lifted one of her legs and  pushed my huge dick forward slightly, the tip of my cock splaying out the lips of her cunt. I pushed my way all the way in until my body met with hers. “Ooh, easy!” It was amazing how hot and tight her pussy felt.   I started pounding her little cunt really hard. I grabbed her thigh and fucked her as she had no fear to moan loudly! My cock was sliding inside her with such ease, and that got me hornier and harder with each passing moment. I grabbed both of her legs and pounded her really hard from below. My cock was huge, and the young naked girl started riding it with her tiny body! We tried our best to keep our voices down, but as the hot blonde rode my big cock, it wasn’t easy not to squeal with pleasure! She was skinny but so sexy. It could hardly fit inside that tight little pussy! I put her on top of me once again, grabbed her butt cheeks and fucked her like a little bitch that she is. Then I bent her over and pounded her hard for being such a dirty slut! This fantasy of ours ended with me filling her mouth with cum!