Before leaving for work, this guy is getting a smoking hot blowjob from his sexy blonde wife. She’s on her knees and sucking his big, thick dick when she starts getting some provocative pictures from her side piece, a smoking hot curly haired brunette bombshell. She’s on her way over, so she hurries up to get her hubby out of the house. The sexy brunette arrives just as the husband is leaving, with his dick and blue balls swollen up since he didn’t even get top blow his load before his hot wife dispensed him. Meanwhile, his beautiful naked wife is in the shower, soaping herself up for her hot lesbian lover. She’s thrilled when her lesbian girlfriend walks into the bathroom and interrupts her shower. She pulls her in and the naked girls start making out under the hot water. Unexpectedly, her husband comes back home! He has unfinished business with his wife after all, he wants to cum in his wife’s mouth! He shows her how big and hard his cock is and she gives him head, hiding her girlfriend behind the shower curtain so he can’t see her! The brunette does not waste time, she grabs her perfect ass, spreads her ass cheeks and starts eating her out from behind, her pussy and her ass, while she’s blowing her hubby! He goes to the bedroom and she tells her girlfriend she has to cut their encounter short so she can deal with him. The hot naked blonde crawls into bed with him, ready to take care of that throbbing boner. She sits on it and feels it sinking inside her gushing cunt, getting fucked in reverse cowgirl. Meanwhile, her girlfriend hasn’t left, and instead, decides to stick around and watch them fuck! The horny lesbian touches herself while watching them and gets too noisy, and the husband realizes they are not alone. Acting fast, the hot wife invites her girlfriend to join them in bed for a steamy threesome. The naked girls suck and stroke his thick dick together and he doesn’t mind finding out his wife has a hot lesbian lover on the side, as long as she shares her with him!   With the wife lying side up and the hot brunette on top of her in a 69, she gets her tight pussy pounded hard by her girlfriend’s husband’s hard dick while rubbing the wife’s dripping wet cunt. Damn that is fucking awesome! These babes are great together. You guys are gunna go crazy for this scene. His wife rides his face while her lover rides on his huge cock. I can’t stop watching this video so good. Amia Miley is so damn sexy; my god, I would drag my cock and tongue across ever inch of her gorgeous body. This has to be the hottest scene all year! Amia & Nicole are the two most gorgeous sexy babes in porn. Well done Mr Sins, you lucky fucking bastard. The only thing better than a Nicole Aniston creampie is when another girl is eating it out of her. Always the gracious host, Nicole lets her lesbian lover lick her husband’s creampie right out of her tight hole!