This tenant is way behind on her rent and it’s time to serve her eviction notice. I get to the place and knock on the door but nobody is answering, so I get in by the back of the house and I find her totally naked and soaking up the sun by the pool. The young naked girl doesn’t see me until I plant the eviction notice on her chest and let her know she has three days to leave the house. It’s a tough job, but somebody has to do it. She begs me to give her just a month to get back on track. Then the small naked girl actually drops to her knees and tells me she’ll suck my dick! Now that’s an interesting offer! She tells me she will suck my dick so good that I’ll want her to move in! My cock is already hard from seeing this spunky brunette chick naked so she gets right on it, whipping it out from under my pants and taking it to her wet mouth, sucking and stroking it. I hold her head and push it against my crotch so she can deep throat my boner. She gives me one hell of a hands-free blowjob. I make her sit on my face, so I can eat her out, tongue fucking her gushing wet, pink slit before spreading her legs wide open and moving down the crack of her ass so I can rim her delicious asshole too. I lie down on the bed and the tiny naked girl straddles herself on top, squatting over my hard cock and pushing it inside her tight cunt, riding me in cowgirl position. I remember rubbing her chest and nipples as I fucked her. Smallest tits I’ve ever felt. I enjoy watching this petite girl bouncing up and down my fat cock and I flip her over, so I can check out her meaty bubble shaped ass, riding me in reverse cowgirl and looking over her shoulder with this sexy smile on her slutty face. I push her bubbly butt back up against my dick and put her on her back, with her legs raised and pressed together so I can stick my sausage between the hot buns formed by her pussy lips. Turning her over, I give this hot teen a nice doggie style fucking from behind, spanking that tight ass and she promises to pay her overdue rent if I keep coming over to bang her. 