Since her family would be away on vacation, my sister invited her best friend to stay in our house for the holidays. The beautiful girl was sunbathing outside by the pool, spreading her legs provocatively and flashing her pussy at me, pulling her bikini and flashing her titties too. She was lying naked near the pool on her belly, strikingly beautiful and asked if I could give her a massage! Her wonderful, naked ass looked stunning. I poured baby oil all over her body, rubbing her neck and shoulders and moving down her back. Turned on by the situation I couldn’t help reaching down between her legs and began massaging her wet lips. I poured more oil all over her ass and watched it ooze down her ass crack and wet slit. I massaged her ass and her cunt, turning her over and admiring the perky nipples on her oil soaked tits. Her nipples became very erect. I inserted a couple of digits inside her slippery clam and finger banged her. I wanted her just as much as she wanted me. After the massage, I took her to the shower to rinse the oil off her body, applying the shower massager all over her while I played with her pussy, sitting behind her on the shower floor. I rubbed her breasts and teased her erect nipples while the shower water pricked at her sensitive clit. We got out of the shower and the beautiful naked girl got on her knees, opening up wide and letting me fuck her mouth with my huge cock. She gave me a fabulous blowjob and I lied on my back and made her sit on my lap. The hot babe pushed herself down, allowing my rock hard shaft to fill her insides. I grabbed her meaty ass with my hands while pounding her, hearing her soft moans and grunts of pleasure. I pushed my fat cock inside her gushing cunt and pounding her hard in cowgirl position.   The naked babe squat over my dick and made that ass bounce up and down my shaft, what a crazy bitch, I love her! I flipped her over and let her ride my dick in reverse cowgirl position, banging her fast and hard. I told her to stand and to bend over, spreading her sexy legs apart and penetrating her from behind. She had to hold on tight while I pounded her so hard. I put her over the bathroom counter so she could see our reflection on the big ass mirror while I grabbed her titties with my hands and banged her cunt from behind. Man, my sister’s best friend looked so fucking sexy! I took her hands and placed them behind the small of her back, drilling her dripping wet snatch and banging her in missionary position against the tub. With her legs wrapped tightly around my waist she was moaning with immense pleasure. Her titties were bouncing wildly as we thrusts ourselves into each other. The sexy naked babe begged me to cum for her. I could feel her contracting on my cock. I could take no more. Hearing her tell me to cum in her mouth drove me nuts and I was ready to shower her with my cum!