I heard my boyfriend talking about wanting an erotic massage and came up with a kinky idea. He booked an appointment with and when the girl came, I hid upstairs with a camera to film everything! The masseuse arrived, a gorgeous blond with her hair in a ponytail, wearing a sexy white sweater and shorts. My boyfriend invited her in and she got settled, placing her massage table in the living room, in a perfect position for me to film everything that happened from her hiding place upstairs. The masseuse made him lie down naked on the massage table, with a towel covering his midsection. After working on his back she told him to turn over and was pretty surprised when she saw his cock fully erect like a flagpole! The masseuse removed her top too and began stroking it with both hands and massaging his balls. That was so hot watching another girl playing with my boyfriend’s dick. It made my pussy very wet watching my husband got blowjob from another girl. She had no idea that I was hidden upstairs and filming her until my phone rang! I had forgotten to silence it and the noise alerted the masseuse. She was shocked at first, but after we explained everything and offered her a good tip, she agreed to continue with the massage. The girl stripped naked and kept jerking his cock until I let her know it was okay for her to suck it too. She popped the tip in her mouth and went down on him while stroking the base. She was such a good cock sucker! It was amazing watching another girl suck the dick of my boyfriend. Watching as her tongue caressed his balls, worked circles around the head of his dick. He knows that I love his dick so much but I was not jealous. I discovered new sensations in our relationship. I don’t know, it just really turned me on thinking about watching another woman go down on him, watching her suck him, get fucked hard by him and take my boyfriend’s come down her throat. The hot naked girl kept drooling all over his dick, smearing his saliva as lube with her soft hands.   I was still filming, the masseuse climbed on top of the massage table and sat on his lap, letting his hefty cock sink inside her tight cunt and riding him in cowgirl position. The horny slut smeared baby oil all over her juicy bubble butt while flipping over and riding my bf in reverse cowgirl. My panties were soaking wet! That shiny and slippery ass looked so damn hot bouncing on his dick! He slapped it hard and took her to the floor, down on her knees and getting pinned by his dick while he fucked her from on top of the couch like we had seen in the porno movies! He looked at me, then at her, stood over her and fucked her pussy like he was drilling for oil in her cunt! Then he spread her legs wide open and continued banging her in missionary position, ready to blow his load all over her hot body! I had to admit; I felt a momentary ping of jealousy at how well he seemed to fuck that bitch. While I was filming, my man was having his big dick sucked on and pounding new pussy! “Uuggh,” he grunted as their bodies slapped against each other. Finally he came in her mouth! The horny masseuse came to me and kissed me and she shared my bf’s sweet cum with me.