Ava is a smoking hot MILF with a gorgeous body and big tits, and believe it or not, her husband can’t keep up with her high sex drive, the sexy MILF just wants to fuck all the time. Instead of fucking nonstop, her husband would like her to actually take some time to meet and bond with her new step son. Well, that’s exactly what she decides to do, when she gets woken up by him from her nap on the living room couch, her big tits fondled and groped by the horny teenage boy. This is a nice way to get to know him. The MILF can see his young dick is hard as a rock as she grabs that big bulge throbbing under his shorts. She wips it out, popping it inside her wet mouth, sucking and stroking it hard. She’s drenching his thick rod what her saliva while deep throating his member all the way down to his balls. The hot mommy presses her big tits together while her stepson sucks on her perky nipples. Eva’s boobs are gorgeous, absolutely perfect, she is the hottest milf in porn with the best tits in porn. The busty naked woman lies on her back and he places his cock between her wonderful tits, fucking them with it. When they hear his father walking in, he hides behind the couch and she covers herself up. They were so close to getting caught, it turns them both on so much! As soon as he leaves, the naked woman spreads her legs wide open on the couch so the teen boy can eat her out. Her pussy is gushing, soaking wet her sweet juices. Then the MILF bends over, spreading her butt cheeks with her hands as her stepson stabs her cunt with his meat sword, banging her hard from behind, much harder than her husband has ever been able to fuck her. When her breasts get going during sex, they are just HYPNOTIC to watch. Not only are her tits huge, and not only are they perfectly proportioned to the rest of her gorgeous thick body, but her nipples stand erect like little sentinels, telling the world that Ava is totally amped for the intercourse. Great stuff! He holds her head still, fucking her mouth, pushing his rod down her throat. The sultry cougar massages her pussy while impaled on his massive erection, riding it and making her big beautiful tits bounce about. Ava’s tits are fucking perfect in this scene.   It feels so good, her husband’s son’s gorgeous dick stuffing her tight clam. While fucking her in missionary position he tells her he wants to cum all over her big tits, spraying them with lots of creamy cum and popping his hard cock back inside her pussy so he can continue fucking her, ready to give her a second huge load! That sequence where he is fucking his horny step mom in a variety of standing positions, is some pornographic gold. I love the undercarriage shots where the big tits are dangling down towards the camera. Double cumshots, hot bj & pounding is what you need! I gotta give props to the dude for delivering two solid cumshots, barely 10 minutes apart. How did he pull that off?! Did he abstain from sex before the scene? “I’m sorry [insert starlet name], I can’t party with you tonight. I’m gonna FUCK AVA ADDAMS tomorrow, and I gotta be ready to go, so sayonara!”