I was thrilled to celebrate my birthday with my beautiful girlfriend and her best friend I was quite surprised by the erotic frosting on the cupcake the girls made for me. As I blew the candles and made my wish I looked up, as both my girlfriend and her friend kneeled over the table, pulling down their tops and showing me their beautiful big tits! Just seeing the four amazing boobs made my cock rock hard. Looks like my horny girlfriend figured out the perfect gift by sharing her best friend’s pussy with me on my birthday! Looks like my wish came true! My girl rubbed her big tits all over the cake’s frosting, smearing them with that sweet stuff while ordering me to take off my pants and her best friend to come over and suck my hard cock! The slut took it in her hands and began sucking and licking it, with my girl joining in, sucking my cock while her friend sucked on my balls. Her sexy friend deepthroated my cock, swallowing it all the way down to the base. The girls kissed while licking the tip and my girl jerked me off while her friend stripped naked and showed me her big beautiful shapely ass and pink pussy burger. As I lied on my back, she straddled herself on top. My girl held my dick and guided it inside her friend’s wet clam, stuffing her with it as she rode me in cowgirl position. What a beautiful and amazing body and the slut knew how to ride a dick, moaning, squeezing her boobs and grinding her pussy into me. Her big breasts with hard nipples were right in my face.   My girlfriend was watching me being used by her slutty friend. Then she took her place and rode me while her naughty friend watched us banging. While my girl rubbed her cunt, her friend took her big tits in her hands, licking that sweet frosting from her boobs and her puffy nipples. Both girls had hairy pussies, nice to see a natural hairy mound, Nowadays all girls seem to shave. I put both naked girls down on their hands and knees, side by side, kissing each other while I took turns penetrating and fucking their gushing pussies doggie style from behind. The girls spread their butts for me, exposing me their anuses. While I fucked my girlfriend, her friend grabbed her ass and spread it out for me, so I could go even deeper inside her wet cunt. Then she took her place, pushing her juicy bubble butt back up against my dick while my girlfriend spread her legs in front of her and got her wet pussy eaten out by her best friend. I fucked my sexy girlfriend in missionary position and covered both of them with my creamy cum frosting. Their boobs were covered in cum and the naked girls started rubbing their tits against each other.