Since her parents were at work, my neighbor’s daughter invited me to come over her place and spend the day by the pool. The sexy pigtailed teen slut wore a colorful swimsuit, flashing me her pussy, tits and ass. The cheerful girl stripped naked, running around the huge patio and finally settled down, down on her hands and knees as she took my hard cock in her tiny hands and began playing with it. She couldn’t wait to pop it in her mouth and start sucking on it, deep throating it. I held her by her neck while ramming my cock down her throat, grabbing the back of her head and mouth fucking this sexy little bitch. I flipped her on her back, spread her legs, her smooth, bare, pink little pussy was in front of me! She does have a gorgeous body, young breasts, toned tummy and a firm ass. I put the head of my dick between her lips and penetrated her tight cunt, feeling her tender pink pussy lips spreading out fir my thick cock, fucking her in missionary position. The naked teen girl grabbed her legs and pushed them against her chest for deeper penetration. I don’t know if it was premature ejaculation or her young pussy was just too tight for me but I came in her after a few minutes. I tried to pull out but she cried out “Do it, cum in my pussy!” This made me cum so hard, pushing my cock even deeper so I could fill her up with my creamy spunk. I pulled out watching it drip down her slit and between her thighs. I had never seen so much sperm before. I scooped it up with my fingers, pushing them back inside her messy and dirty pussy. Her whole pussy was covered in my cum, the sticky sperm was dripping from her clit and running down her slit. After finger banging her with my cum soaked fingers, I put her on her hands and knees, banging her pussy full of my cum doggie style from behind. I was totally engulfed in the wonderful smell of our sex. I could feel the squishy sound the cum made inside her pussy while I fucked her, pushing her bubble butt back up against my dick so I could inject her with more creamy spunk. She whisperd, “Cum in me, Please, cum in me now. Oh, I’m cumming too…” She was moaning and grinding. I rubbed the cum with the head of my dick against her pussy from near her asshole up to her clit. I lied on my back and the young naked girl rode me in reverse cowgirl, spreading her butt cheeks and showing me her asshole. I just couldn’t stop cumming into this lovely girl’s pussy. Words can’t explain that feeling. The feeling of my dick in her cum filled cunt was fantastic. I throbbed and shot another load in her. My hot cum leaking out of her pussy over her thighs. Isn’t this young teen girl just gorgeous… look at that lovely spunk leaking out of her. I managed to cum inside her clam several more times before her folks returned! I swear she could still feel my spunk leaking out of her teen cunt all day.   Welcome to the world’s best creampie porn site! These young naked girls are so hot and fuck so good that these guys have to shoot multiple loads of hot and sticky cum in every scene! Some girls take it in their pussies and some love to take it in the ass. If you’re into a creampie finish, then this is the right site for you. You won’t get tired of watching these beautiful girls feeling that hot cum dripping from their fuck holes and oozing down their bodies while they get fucked hard!