Don’t miss the hottest girl in the best hardcore erotica sex scene, moreover her the very first scene. Great porn debut of gorgeous Mia Melano! This drop dead gorgeous blonde bombshell is taking her time soaping up her stunning body, lathering up her big tits and perfect bubble butt in anticipation for her encounter with her lover. With his wife out of town there is no chance of them getting caught. Naked in his apartment, she tries on one of his shirts while he walks in and finds her purse and clothes scattered on the living room floor. He recognizes her scent on her clothes. He finds her, pulling her perfect body against his and kissing her lips passionately, cuppingher buttocks with his hands, sliding one down between her thighs, kissing her breasts, that are big, succulent, the most beautiful boobs you have ever seen! This young beauty simply has a flawless, perfect body, her curves so alluring and feminine. Her exquisite femininity is simply sublime. The cheating husband doesn’t feel any guilt, he has no intention of stopping and I can’t judge him. Is there a man that could resist the temptation of such beauty? He slides down her body, spreading her sexy legs wide open and starts to kiss and lick the most beautiful pussy in the world, her clit and her dripping wet pink slit. Today they don’t have to sneak around or hurry, they have all the time in the world. He eats her out while the naked blonde babe lies on his desk, pushing his head between her legs. The way he sucks her pussy and her beautiful 34D breasts drives her crazy. The naked babe gets down on her knees, pulling his slacks down, taking his throbbing member in both hands and guiding it inside her wet mouth. She licks it softly, then starts sucking and stroking it. While jerking his cock she makes sure to lick and suck on his big balls, slobbering them with her drool. She knows how much her lover likes that. He can’t wait any more, he spreads her legs and pushes his hard dick into her pink cunt, fucking her so hard that she had the biggest orgasm she had ever had. He bends her over the wooden table and rams his fat cock deep inside her tight cunt, pounding her hard from behind while pinning her body against the desk.   The gorgeous naked girl gets on her knees so he can feed her his cock, fucking her mouth with it. They move to the bed and she straddles herself atop, pushing his big dick inside her gushing muff and riding him in reverse cowgirl position in a very erotic manner. He pounds her from underneath, each thrust harder and deeper than the one before. She has one orgasm after another, she can hardly breathe, desperately gasping for breath as he fucks her brains out. The hot blonde flips over and rides him in cowgirl position like an angel, feeling his hands all over her meaty ass and pressing her big tits against his chest while they make out. He spreads her butt cheeks and exposes her tight asshole, contracting with every powerful thrust from his rock hard cock ready to blow its creamy load of hot spunk all over the blonde lover, her pretty face and her wonderful boobs. It is unique footage so don’t miss the opportunity to download the full movie with this fantastic beauty. With all natural assets and eyes that you can get lost, Mia Melano is the hottest girl today.