Wearing a sexy white tank top, skimpy denim shorts and a baseball cap, this blonde bombshell with big tits is watering her garden while shaking her sexy bubble butt. Sitting on a lawn chair, this horny teenage girl is checking her out while snacking on some strawberries. The sexy blonde turns the teen lesbian on, so she spreads her legs wide open and starts massaging her dripping wet pussy while observing her. She even grabs a big rubber cock and pushes it inside her tight cunt, fucking herself with the sex toy while the blonde turns over and sees what the girl is doing. She is such a sexy freak! She gets close, down on her knees and taking a closer look at her pussy while snacking on one of her strawberries, though she would much rather snack on something else, much wetter, juicier and ripe. The brunette orgasms and start squirting from her snatch, releasing a stream of pussy juice! The blonde is amazed by her squirting, and the young girl gets a bit self-conscious. The hot blonde gardener tells her she would love to see her do it again, so the brunette spreads her legs wide open and lets her fuck her pussy with the big rubber cock. It takes her just a few thrusts to make the brunette cum again and when she squirts, the blonde opens her mouth so she can catch that delicious stream of pussy juices flowing from her snatch like a fucking fountain and drink it all. The blonde licks her wet cunt and laps up the pussy juices while continuing to fuck the young naked girl with the big dildo. She is hungry for pussy too, so the blonde takes her place, pulling her top over her big tits and spreading her legs too so she can eat her out, fucking her delicious cunt with her silky tongue. The blonde gets her pussy munched on while lifting a leg. The naked teen girl licks her ass crack so good, from her asshole to her clit.   The busty blonde pins the teen girl’s shoulders, eats her out and rubs her big tits against her clit while turned upside down on the lawn chair. The naked girls get into a steamy 69 on the grass, with the brunette on top squirting some more pussy juice into the hot blonde’s open mouth. Pretty soon this sexy blonde slut is squirting too, right into the girl’s open mouth! It is fucking amazing! Her eyes fills with lust and her breath begins more rapid as lust begins to take over her naked body, a second powerful jet squirts all over her face. One squirting orgasm, another one, she cums like a geyser. She cries out again incoherently, her whole body shaking as a massive orgasm over takes her, then she collapses on grass gasping for air. The naked teen sits square on the blonde’s face with her legs spread open and squirts onto her face too, showering her with her juices, awesome! Then the naked girls rub their wet cunts against each other in a scissor position, tribbing, squirting, peeing… Don’t miss this orgasmic lesbian frenzy!