This hot brunette always had a thing for her sexy, masculine brother. The young girl was masturbating so many times, imagining his huge black penis in her mouth, imagining the feeling of his giant cock sliding in between her legs, cumming deep into her little pussy. Since her friend got out of the house for a while, she decided to do something about it finally. After flirting with her friend’s brother in the kitchen, the hot teen waited for him to go and take a shower. After a couple of moments, she came inside the bathroom and found him soaping his huge prick. She immediately took her clothes off, came close to him in the shower and started kissing him. She wanted his cock so much that she got on her knees and started putting that thing really deep inside her throat. He was blown away by that blowjob and wanted more. He decided he wants to lay down while the white chick is doing it, so he took her to his bedroom, laid down and watched her give him the most amazing blowjob of his entire life. The little slut licked his black balls and big glans and enjoyed each passing minute of it. She was ready to have that huge thing inside her, so she got on top of him and started riding that thing at a very fast speed. He was fucking her from below, so hard that she screamed on the top of her lounges. The little chick was bouncing up and down on that giant dick with those gorgeous little tits dangling in the air. He got up, bent the naked girl over and started pounding her really hard from behind, slapping against her bubble butt. He felt so good that he picked the speed up and destroyed her little cunt like it’s a piece of paper. He fucked her with his huge black cock in this position for a long time, until the girl couldn’t take it anymore. That’s when she spread her legs and started pounding her pussy in a missionary position. The girl felt a very nice orgasm in a matter of seconds. Her dreams cum true and the black guy ejaculated in her pussy, filling up her vagina with his semen till it overflowed. 