This sexy brunette teen babe is sent upstairs by her mom to try and wake up her stepdad. Nothing seems to work, so she grabs the bed sheets and pulls them out, realizing her stepdad is naked and has a massive morning wood! When he comes down to join them for breakfast, he’s still nursing that throbbing erection under his briefs! The naughty stepdaughter decides it’s a great moment to get to know her step daddy better, as she reaches under the table and grabs that hard cock in her hands. She pretends to drop her spoon, getting under the table so she can suck and stroke that big beefy sausage right next to her mom. The dude loves his wife, but his new stepdaughter is a horny little slut and when she starts slobbering all over his big dick – he goes with it! As soon as she leaves, the sexy slut gets back to sucking her stepdad’s cock, deepthroating it and jerking it with both hands while flicking the tip with her silky tongue. He holds her head still while pushing his cock in her mouth and down her throat, making his slutty step daughter choke and gag on his fat dick. She caresses the tip of the head of his dick with her tongue, awesome! Oh that TONGUE! Love it! Love it! Alina is a stunning energetic beauty, and that tongue is incredible. The sexy babe works her blowjob lips up and down his thick shaft and now all she wants it’s his dick deep into her tight little pussy. The horny daddy puts her on her back and spreads her sexy legs wide open, ramming his cock deep inside her dripping wet pussy and fucking his in missionary position. Love her trimmed pussy and perfect natural body. Perfect size breasts. He’s frantically pounding her teen cunt, and the sight of his long dick, going in and out of her pink slit is quite a sight. He lifts one of her legs while pounding her and she’s rubbing her wet twat and one of her tits, begging her step daddy to make her cum like a filthy whore. He lies on his back and the naked girl sits on his lap, pushing his fat cock inside her muff and riding him in cowgirl position. He gets a mouthful of those perky tits to suck on.   The beautiful naked babe moves her hips in long slow movements grinding her pussy back and forth. She presses herself against him, moving her hips, trying to get his long dick as deeper into her vagina as it’s possible. The head of his cock massages the deepest regions of her womb. He grabs her gorgeous ass with both hands, spreading her cheeks wide and starts slamming it onto his huge dick, up and down. He keeps destroying her little pussy with his long dick before he unloads all over her pretty face right there in the living room! From now on, he’s going to make sure he gets a wake-up call from his stepdaughter every morning so she can take care of his morning wood! Alina lopez is super hot with her natural delicious tits, her lovely ass, her gorgeous body, her sensual lips, her adorable eyes and her sublime face. She is one of the best, my opinion in the business. She is radiant, beautiful and incredible body. Her scenes are hot and energetic. Don’t forget to download the full video.