I picked up a girl one day and took her to my place. We didn’t waste time, and she began waking me off the second we were on my bed. This dirty little slut wants it, and I always have so much fun with this kind of girls, young and petite sluts. She got so horny that she immediately got down and started sucking my prick. The petite naked girl was playing with my cock, her soft hands cradle my balls, rolling them back and forth. I wanted to lick her pussy too, so I turned her around and started licking her ass crack, her snatch as she was gagging on my hard cock. I wanted to fuck her pussy with my hard dick. It looked so small and tight, I wasn’t even sure I might fit. The little Asian slut got on top of me, she placed the head of my dick just at the entrance of her vaginal canal ans with one gentle push she slid herself down onto me. Her slit was so narrow but she managed to impale herself all the way to the base of my prick in one move. The tiny naked girl started riding my cock as I was kissing her genteelly! She enjoyed sliding up and down on that thing with such intensity that she screamed so loud. The small naked girl was also rubbing her little cunt while riding me I thought I was going to break her at one point since she was really skinny and petite. She turned around, and the magic started happening. She was now riding me with her huge cute little ass, and I was going out of my mind with the pace she was doing it in. Cosmickitten was doing such a great job, and she was tireless too! That little ass was bouncing all over the place, and that’s when I decided to take matters into my own hands. I bent her over, grabbed that ass and started pounding her like a dirty little slut. I grabbed her hair as I was penetrating her deeper with her making louder and louder sounds. I was getting close, so I wanted to give my best and satisfy her fully! I turned her around and started fucking her pussy with her legs spread before I was ready to fill her little mouth with a huge load of my cum! 