Jordi and his friend are pulling a pants prank on sexy ladies in tight yoga pants. The little man pulls down the pants of different hot babes at the beach. If you’re trying to go around pantsing hot chicks, you’d better be ready to run! After doing it four or five times, Jordi’s marks team up and start chasing him all over the beach, finally catching up to him at his house, where only three manage to enter. The three babes decide to punish and humiliate him, they join forces to teach the horny boy a lesson he won’t forget! First, the angry girls pull down their leggings, smother him with their naked butts and then with their hot titties. It may look harsh, but our horny boy is enjoying it very much. The girls, trying to humiliate him some more, pull down his shorts, but to their pleasant surprise a big snake pops out. They start licking and sucking him one by one unable to resist his size. Because he has a tiny body, the girls can pick him up easily, which they do as they continue to blow him. While still holding him, he lowers himself and starts to lick the curvy brunette’s sexy sweet pussy as she sucks him, making some weird “69” upside-down standing pose. Finally, the naked girls let him down and position themselves doggy style, getting ready to take his monster deep inside their pussies. I’m mesmerized to see so many curves in this scene, three beautiful juicy bodies. The little pervert is happy to comply and first walks to the girl with the biggest ass and starts fucking her deep, as the other two play with each other. Now it is time for the sexy blonde. Once he penetrates her, she begins to bounce up and down his big shaft, literally fucking his dick with her juicy ass. But soon he is moving onto sweet brunette. The babe moans in pleasure from his hard pussy pounding.   The curvy babe feeling left out, pulls Jordi down and starts riding him while beautiful blonde sits on his face, getting her pussy probed with his tongue. They use his dick for their own pleasure, making sure the little pervert knows exactly who’s boss. Three naked girls switch, as the hot blonde starts to ride him hard, while girls play with her clit and pierced nipples, which make her cum hard all over his monster cock. As she cleans her juices off his member, he plays with two Latinas pussies and asses. Suddenly he jumps and starts pounding the sexy brunette, while her new friend sits on her face with her big butt. His pounding is too much for her young pussy, and she screams as her orgasm hits her. Now it’s time for big ass Latina babe to cum. The little dude starts pumping with fury as he feels her orgasm getting close. Finally getting her there, takes him over the top, and he paints three naked girls with his hot and thick cum.