This beautiful blonde moved to LA from a small town to make a name for herself and she is ready to do anything to get on the cover of a famous magazine, after meeting the editor in chief. She must have made a really good impression on him to get this chance and she’s not going to blow it. Thing is, he has his doubts about her sex appeal so she decides to show him. The sexy blonde takes them to the bedroom, removing her white dress and showing off the sexy white lace lingerie she’s wearing underneath, grabbing his cock and making it big and hard with her hands while he passes his all over her perfect body. Wow, what a beautiful girl. Her eyes, pretty face and slender body are out of this world! As they kiss she feels his hand reaching under her panties, massaging her soaking wet pussy. The gorgeous naked girl lies down in bed and spreads her legs wide open, feeling his slick tongue pushing its way inside her lovely cunt, parting her pussy lips and eating her out. She lies on her belly and opens her mouth, swallowing his big fat cock and sucking hard on it, ready to take it down her throat as deep as it goes. She sucks it so gently, lubricating it with her saliva. Her angelic face looks soo pretty sucking his dick. The blonde straddles herself on top, pushing his dick inside her, riding the editor in chief’s cock in reverse cowgirl position. What a lovely view of that cute ass while riding in cowgirl. She gasps for breathe as she feels him pounding her wet muff so deep and hard. The naked girl flips over, grinding her meaty bubble butt against his throbbing erection and pressing her body against his, looking into his eyes. Stiff, hard nipples, and a beautiful, bald pussy. Such a sweet ass. Balls slapping her vaginal hood during the vigorous cock-riding, rushes the babe to orgasm.  She gets down on all fours and he fucks her doggy style from behind, nailing the cover after making him cum so hard! Love the way she rolls her eyes back in her head when she’s cumming. And the sounds she makes, from soft moans to deep, guttural noises and everything in between – very hot. Beautiful pale, smooth skin and perky, puffy nipples, flat stomach, and shapely ass, and happily taking a facial while hardly blinking and then sucking him afterwards – fuckin’ wow! 