What a beautiful day at the beach. This sexy petite girl is making sand castles at the beach when this huge guy passes by, stomping all over her castle! She’s a bit upset at first, but he promises to make it up to her in the hotel where he is staying. Instead of the sand castle he shows the small girl his huge dick. She has never seen such a big cock before, perhaps has never seen a cock at all. The tiny girl opens her mouth in surprise, allowing the first cock in her life to enter her mouth. She strips naked while playing with his massive rod. She grabs the fat dick by the base, licking the tip and tasting the first drops of glistening precum. She strokes his member while sucking it hard and deep and she looks so sexy with her geeky glasses and piercings on her nipples. The smallest girl ever spits on his cock and spreads her saliva all over his member with her tiny hands while sucking it. She needs to lube it up really good if she expects it to fit inside her tight cunt. After drenching his cock in drool, slapping it against her tongue and jerking him off with both hands, this pint sized bitch is ready to fuck. I wonder if his big hard dick will fit in her tiny little pussy? The big guy puts the small girl down on her hands and knees and pushes his huge cock deep inside her virgin pussy, stretching it out. The feeling of being inside her, so warm, so tight, so wet. It makes her squeal and grunt with mad pleasure, she gasps for breathe as she does her best to accommodate that monster cock inside her small twat. The small naked girl accepts the first man in her tight hole, getting banged doggy style from behind. This cutie is tiny! She gets on top, her back facing him as she takes a ride on his meat sword in reverse cowgirl position. She has a big smile on her face because she has never felt anything like this before.   Wow! What a sexy little asian young girl! Stirling and his nice big dick filling this young woman’s pussy so nicely. I think she has the tightest pussy we have ever seen. Just love that petite perfect body, love those little titties and her pussy. He stands by the side of the bed, cradling the young naked girl in his arms while fucking her, then putting her on her back, spread legged and pounded hard in missionary position. What a beautiful face and smile, love her hot tight spinner body, mouthwatering pussy, and her flawless inviting ass. He keeps her legs spread while pumping her dripping wet cunt with his big fat cock. This small girl loves getting her tight pussy stretched out by big dick. It almost seems as he could break her in half with that massive tool, but this sexy little slut can take it like a big girl. He even puts her in the Supergirl position and makes her soar high while fucked from behind, ready to shower that petite body with hot spunk. ExxxtraSmall is one of the first porn sites to shoot CosmicKitten as she just turned 18!