Kendra is a hot blonde American girl and all she wanted was some adventure and while vacationing with her boyfriend in Greece, he cancels a boat trip they had booked together. Normally, she would stay in the hotel instead, but not today. Hungry for adventure, Kendra takes the boat ride all by herself. She finds herself all alone on the boat with this really attractive Greek Captain. She can’t take her eyes off him, and he can’t keep his off her. Kendra really wants to be bad, so she unties her bikini and removes it on deck, showing off her fabulous tits, her nipples standing perky and fully erect, just like his cock. Boarding a smaller raft, the captain takes the sexy babe to a beautiful beach on a deserted island and they begin kissing passionately. They get in the water, her legs cradled around his waist while he sucks on her nipples. She is a stunning natural beauty with amazing big tits. They kiss and swap tongue and she takes his rock hard cock in her hand, stroking it gently and feeling it getting bigger and harder while they continue kissing. The naked babe strokes his cock and he feels her big tits and pierced nipples and she gets down on her knees on the wet sand, sucking that delicious member and tasting the first drops of precum while giving him head. The naked girl bends over some rocks as the captain rams his huge cock deep inside her gushing pussy and fucks her from behind. He lies down on the sand and she sits on his member, riding him in reverse cowgirl position and feeling the waves splashing against their hot naked bodies as they fuck on the beach. Her big tits bounce as she pushes her body up and down. She flips over and places her hands over his chest and gazes into his deep eyes while riding on his thick member in cowgirl position. She moans and grunts, filled with pleasure and that big meaty dick inside her that makes her feel as adventurous as ever. The ultimate sex queen wants the Captain to blow his creamy load all over her face, in her mouth and on her big tits. She’s so happy that her boyfriend couldn’t make it today! Kendra is amazing!!! With clothes on she is a treat, but fully nude with big dick in the back of her throat, drool dripping off her enormous tits, working it hard in cowgirl like it is the most fun she’s ever had, boobies bouncing up and down pussy pounded in reverse cowgirl, bending over sticking her ass out getting plowed from behind with huge titties swinging low – she is a mind-blowing!!!! 