I have the hottest step-sister the world has ever seen, and I spent so much time in turning her down for sex! Today that changed when she strolled into my shower with that incredible body. She started seducing me, and my dick was up in a matter of seconds. She knew she had me the minute she saw I was hard, so she bent down and started sucking my cock in an amazing way. Not too long after she was gagging on it so hard and shoving it really deep down her throat. The little devil was sucking it from each side, and I felt better than ever in my entire life. The little slut was choking on it and loved to suck it that I didn’t want to stop her. She would look at me with those gorgeous eyes while I felt my glans going really deep inside her little throat. That’s when the real action began, my naked step sister lifted one of her legs and held it in the air while I started pounding her trimmed little pussy really hard from behind. I could feel that she’s really wet and my dick was sliding in beautifully! I decided to take her to my room, put her on the bed, spread her legs and continued fucking her little cunt with much strength! The little bitch enjoyed it so much and rubbed her little pussy to reach orgasm faster. I was now fucking her faster and harder before she decided to jump on my dick like some little whore. I sat down, and my naked sister supported herself on those sexy legs and rode my dick at a great speed. The sexy babe was going up and down, up and down, without the intention to stop. I could feel how much she enjoys this, and that’s when she turned around and started riding me in the opposite direction. I grabbed her butt cheeks while her tits were just in front of me. I will never forget the way she was twirling that round ass on my cock. She felt great, and I continued fucking her hard from below. We were both approaching orgasm, so I decided to finish my sister and to do it right. I bent my little step-sis over and started pounding her little pussy very hard from behind. Her stunning butt was pressing against my body, and she decided to ride me once more before I fill her pussy up with my cum! 