This cute Asian teen needs her car fixed, and the auto shop wants to charge her a ridiculous price she just can’t afford right now, but her friend is happy to help out. The little slut is wearing pink shorts and a white top and he can see the soft contours of her hard nipples while they talk. He gets under the car and while he checks the chassis, she checks out the big bulge under his shorts! The Asian cutie can’t help herself, it looks so big and meaty! He’s surprised by this, but she just figured this would be her way of paying him for the favor. He’s worried because her stepmom is inside the house, but she assures him that she’s not going to know. The hot teen slut whips out his cock and it’s already fully erect as she takes it into her wet mouth and begins sucking and stroking it. She passes her tongue all over it and slaps her lips with it, interrupted by the phone ringing inside the house. She goes get it, and while in the kitchen, her stepmom shows up, a beautiful brunette cougar with big tits in a floral dress. It’s a hot day and she imagines that the mechanic fixing her stepdaughter’s car could use a glass of water, and since her step daughter is too busy texting her friends on her phone, she decides to take it herself. When the cougar gets there, she surprised to see that big throbbing erection left unattended. The horny mom kneels, takes it in her hands and sucks it. The guy actually thinks it’s his friend, not her stepmom! She rubs her wet muff while sucking that big dick, squatting over it and pushing it inside her gushing cunt. Impaled on it, the sexy woman rides it in reverse cowgirl position. The teen girl comes back in the garage and finds her horny stepmom bouncing on her friend’s cock!!! She gets up, grabs the guy by the cock and guides him to the bedroom, followed by her stepdaughter. There, the girls take turns deepthroating his massive cock together in a steamy threesome. The sexy asian slut slobbers all over that dick and licks his balls too, trying to impress both her friend and her stepmom.   While she sucks his cock, her stepmom gets behind her, licking her gushing cunt and rimming her asshole. The mom pushes her head against his cock, fucking his dick with her step daughter’s face, thick ropes of saliva drip from her lips and down her chin. The teen climbs on top of her friend and her stepmom takes his big cock and guides it inside the teen’s cunt so she can take a ride on it, just like she did in the garage. She loves watching her stepdaughter bouncing on that big dick. Oh Wow! This cute Asian babe is an Absolutely Amazing 10 out of 10! While she’s riding cock, the MILF fondles her small breasts and makes out with her. Then her stepdaughter sits on the guy’s face and gets her pussy eaten out while she’s riding on his fat cock and getting her big tits groped by her stepdaughter. She sits on the teen’s face while she gets fucked by her friend too! The dude gives both girls some thorough bodywork before jizzing all over the mom’s huge tits and watching his sexy friend lick it off! Wow, mom/daughter threesome scenes like this one are why I am a subscriber of RealityKings.