My friend recommended I book a session with his massage therapist. The sexy Asian masseuse with a stunning body in sexy white lace lingerie made me lie on my back on the massage table and removed the towel covering my body, exposing my rock hard erection! I have to admit I didn’t expect things to happen so fast. Happy to see how big and hard my erection was, the sexy Asian girl took it in her tiny hands and began stroking it softly, feeling it getting even bigger and harder as she jerked me off. She began to slowly rub the hard penis. She smoothly pulled the foreskin up and down over the enlarged head with one hand while her other hand cupped my aching tight balls. The little slut massaged my balls with her palm as she deftly manipulated my erection to even more hardness. The young girl masturbated me with both hands, sitting on my lap and rubbing her cunt against my shaft. The way she massaged my balls with her pussy was amazing. I could feel her wet slit against my balls and it was driving me crazy. I could also feel my balls tingling in a way they had not done for a long time. The girl stripped naked while she continued stroking my cock and rubbing it between her pussy lips. Then she made me stand and got on her knees, sucking my dick and balls while jerking me off. She told me my balls were filled with so much cum while deep throating my cock and drenching it with saliva. After such an intense foreplay session, the tiny naked girl sat back on my lap, took my rock hard cock in her hands, pushed it inside her tight cunt and started riding me in cowgirl position, making my balls tingle until I finally felt I was going to cum and she kept my dick inside her as I blew my load and gave her a sticky creampie, the first of many! I retrieved my cock and the cum oozed from her pussy, dripping all over the place. My cum rushed out of her tight pussy and she began slapping herself, covering her lips and her mound in the sticky sperm. The little slut scooped it with her fingers and told me to keep fucking her and filling her up with semen!   The young naked girl had an orgasm too “…oh fuck, I’m cumming!” it looked she was about to burst from the sexual tension. The sexy Asian masseuse popped my cock back in her cunt and the spunk squished as we fucked, acting as sticky lube. Another creampie for that cutie. She wanted more cum and I kept jack-hammering her in various positions. I put her on her back, spread her legs wide open and stabbed her meaty cunt with my meat sword, ready to inject her with more man gravy and she was glad to take it all in, overflowing from her pink snatch and dripping down her thighs and my balls. Rivers of cum couldn’t stop running out of her swollen pink pussy. “Oh, damn, that’s good!” she gasped playing with the creampie. She rode my dick drenched with semen and I kept giving this sexy Asian masseuse load after load. 