When this sexy blonde with glasses enters the locker room she catches her new sister masturbating against her locker. She watches her with one hand under her shorts and the other over her jersey, fondling her breasts while rubbing her wet snatch. Rubbing her clit, she even doesn’t realize her stepsis Bailey overhears as she moans her name! The blonde babe hears her stepsister’s lesbian sex fantasies involving her. She is everything the little slut wants to be: beautiful, popular, and extremely sexy. Bailey decides to step in and interrupt her masturbatory session so she can give her a real pussy to snack on! She takes her to the showers and puts her fully clothed under the cold shower, getting her gym clothes drenched. The wet fabric sticks to her body and her stepsister strips her naked. She stuffs her cotton panties in her mouth, turns her over presses her against the shower wall, places her hand between her ass cheeks and starts finger banging her tight cunt from behind. Her stepsister’s pussy is gushing, but she’s getting pretty turned on too. She slaps her ass and takes off her clothes, getting down on her hands and knees and spreading her juicy ass so her stepsister can eat her pussy and asshole out and make her lesbian sex fantasies cum true. The naked blonde sister sits and opens her legs while her stepsister licks her cunt, gently up and down the slit between her pussy lips, her tongue pasts her asshole. Bailey makes her stepsister eat her pussy and call her princess, and she is just happy to please as she gets to taste her sweet juices. Then she reciprocates. Lying fully naked on the bathroom floor, she spreads her pussy lips and her lesbian sister dives into her wet pussy and starts sucking on her clit. She has never been eaten out before. She is on fire. Her sister runs her tongue from the bottom of her pussy up to her sensitive clit. She pushes her head closer to herself gently but firmly, making her tongue fuck her pussy.   Two hot girls who dont shy away from real/passionate/sloppy pussy eating! The naked schoolgirls scissor, pressing their twats together so they can trib on the shower floor. The girls begin a slow grinding with their pelvises, their clits rubbing against each other. The hot blonde sister moves faster, their pussies are kissing, that’s feels good. One of the girls gets back to licking her stepsister’s cunt, digging her pink tongue as deep inside as she can and tasting the delicious fluids that gush from her slit. She places her fingers against her clit and rubs it vigorously, picking up speed and intensity as she feels her stepsister’s body trembling and convulsing uncontrollably as she gets closer and closer to an earth shattering orgasm. She can’t wait to catch her stepsister masturbating in the locker room again. Excellent to see these two naked girls down on each other!