This sexy blonde teen and her brunette friend are die hard feminists and decided to protest against using a bra with t-shirts defending their cause, and their dads are not happy about it at all. They forbid them to go out with those t-shirts, especially knowing their daughters are not wearing bras underneath them. If they are really so offended about nipples, perhaps they need some exposure therapy! The girls remove their t-shirts and show off their bare tits. The girls decide to take their protest a step further and turn their dads’ into true believers by doing a daughter swap! They each head to the other’s dad, pulling down their pants and whipping out their cocks, sucking and stroking them. While the blonde sucks her friend’s daddy’s dick, her dad holds her friend’s head still so he can fuck her mouth, pushing his rod down her throat. Both girls are incredibly gifted at cock sucking, making loud, sexy slurping and sucking sounds as they give these horny daddies’ head. The blonde sucks this dad’s balls and slobbers them with her drool while the brunette is gagging on the other dick and soaking it with her saliva. The horny dads jump on the bed so the girls can continue munching on their beefy dicks, lying on their backs and letting the girls do their job. The blonde gets put down on her hands and knees, feeling that big cock pushing its way inside her dripping wet cunt and fucking her doggie style from behind while watching her friend still sucking on her daddy’s big dick. The brunette gets down on all fours too, both girls side-by-side, watching each other as they both get fucked by their swapped dads. The naked girls look so cute, even holding hands in this unique bonding experience. The girls absolutely love the way their tight pussies are getting plowed so hard by these two horny daddies. The daughters lie on their backs opposite to each other and with their legs spread wide open, inviting those big hard cocks to fuck them hard in missionary position, stuffing their dripping wet cunts.   The young naked girls scream and moan as they practice their right to take all the hard dick they desire from these old fashioned dads. Then it’s their turns to ride on those big cocks, bouncing up and down the daddies’ laps and not stopping until these guys blow their creamy loads of hot spunk right into their slutty swapped daughters! Two naked girls are on their backs with their knees bent, legs spread apart and two creampies are oozing out of their pussies. Free the nipple! Daughter Swap has raunchy and high-quality scenes of taboo porn. The horny fathers swapping their daughters together, fucking their little pussies and cumming all over the young naked girls in front of each other. After all, teens having sex with mature lovers is sexy.