My girlfriend woke up in a naughty mood, teasing me all morning, playing with her beautiful breasts and making my dick so hard, spreading her legs and pushing her lace panties aside while playing with her wet pussy. After masturbating in front of me she slides her silky tongue up my balls and erection, popping the tip in her moist mouth and sucking it. She strokes it while giving me head and deep throats my erection all the way down to the base. Her mouth feels wonderful as she lovingly slides her lips along my shaft. I’m almost ready to cum in her little mouth but she leaves me hanging, since she’s late for her dance class! Can you believe that? She kept flirting me on the way to the dance studio, flashing her tits while we walked down the street. I tried to keep it in my pants, but watching my sexy babe stretch in her sexy leotard and leg warmers was making my cock burst! I could not stand it and fucked her right in her dance class, grabbing her meaty tits in my hands and squeezing them, feeling her perky nipples as my flexible hottie slid between my legs, taking my rock hard erection in her hands, sucking and stroking it. On the wooden dance salon floor, I spread her legs wide open and rammed my throbbing member deep inside her gushing pussy, fucking her in missionary position. Yeah, baby, I was going to show my girl some real dirty dancing! Whipping out her perfect tits, she watched me pound in and out of her lovely pussy. She was so hot. Her black hair triangle. Her fleshy pussy. Soft. Wet. I thrusted in and out and it didn’t take long before she was having her first orgasm. Her pussy squeezed my cock like a vice. Her tiny clit was swollen with arousal and her pussy lips were engorged. I put her over a chair, down on her hands and knees, pushed my dick back inside her and fucked her doggy style from behind.   I could feel my balls slapping her clit as I hammered her dripping pussy. I got back on the floor and my naked babe straddled herself atop, impaling her tight cunt on my big fat dick and riding me in cowgirl position, like a slutty stripper riding the strip pole at some filthy strip joint. Her leotard was pulled over her gorgeous tits, with sweat dripping down them and her midriff while I stuffed her meaty cunt with my hard dick. I made my naked girlfriend flip over and sit back against my cock, riding me in reverse cowgirl too. My girl was going to make it up to me for teasing me silly all morning, man! I know she likes it when I fuck her brains out in the dance studio and end up blowing my creamy load all over her pretty face, her titties and in her mouth! Still moaning my little slut masturbated and licked my cum with her tongue, teasing me.