This smoking hot Latina babe with a drop dead gorgeous body is a hot salsa instructor, an exotic mix of Cuban, Mexican and Spaniard, born and bred in Miami. She likes humble, quiet and strong men. Though she’s not into cocky guys, big cocks definitely turn her on. During sex, she loves when guys caress her and touch her juicy ass. Drop dead gorgeous! god damn, total bonnita. This guy is ready to get some dancing lessons from this hot salsa instructor. All that hot dancing coupled up with her hot body and sexy ass give him a huge boner, and the naughty salsa teacher drops to her knees so she can teach him some of her secret sex moves. He sucks and strokes it with those beautiful red lips and matching fingernails. His cock is so huge, it makes her gag as she deep throats it. The hot Latina babe licks the entire length of his shaft and tastes the first droplets of precum dripping from the tip. He bends the sexy babe over a highchair, hiking up her dress and pulling down her thong, exposing that delicious bubble shaped Latina ass. His tongue travels up her wet slit, the crack of her ass and her tender asshole. He slaps her meaty ass, shoving his thick cock between her butt cheeks and pounding that delicious dripping wet Latina clam from behind while groping her big tits and pulling her arms behind her back. She lies on her back over an ottoman and spreads her legs, she wants to feel her dance student’s massive dick pounding her muff at the rhythm of the tropical salsa music. He undoes the top of her dress so he can let those big beautiful tits bounce about freely. The girl strips naked and climbs on his lap, burying his giant dick inside her pink taco and riding him in cowgirl position, grinding her ass like only a hot Latina can. She is great in cowgirl, she has nice hip movement. He presses her hot body against his, feels her big tits on his chest and her heavy breathing as he plows her hard, deep and fast, just the way this sexy Latina slut likes it. He slaps her ass, sucks on her puffy nipples and she salsa dances on top of his meat sword. Cradled in his arms and with her legs wrapped around his waist, he fucks the naked babe in standing position until they both cum. Katana is so gorgeous and sexy, and this scene was hot as hell. 