Beautiful housewife was always a free-spirited person, she constantly flirts with strangers and often fantasies about them. Her latest fling is her husband’s hot boss. He sent her husband on some bullshit business trip, so he can finally take her teasing ass. She is surprised by his visit and even more surprised when he bends her over, pulls up her dress and spanks her bare butt. This girl has one of the most beautiful butts I ever seen! Like always she is not wearing any underwear, which makes him very happy. It turns out that behind this teasing babe facade lays a submissive little slut, who likes it rough. While she is still bent over the kitchen counter, he pulls out his big cock and penetrates her hard and without warning, which makes her gasp and moan in pain and pleasure of his manhood. He puts his dick all the way into her asshole. As he slowly builds tempo, she gets hornier and starts begging him to fuck her harder and deeper, which he delivers. Giving her tight asshole a bit of rest, he pulls her by the hair, ordering her to suck and lick his rock hard shaft. The beautiful girl delivers with lust and desire in her eyes before he pulls her back on the kitchen table and fucks her cock hungry ass again. Erotic, intense and fucking beautiful! Now they go into her living room. As he lays on his back, the naked girl jumps on top of him positioning her sweet ass for maximum penetration. Slowly lowering herself down on his throbbing pole, make her eyes go wide. She rides him fast and hard, constantly playing with her hot and wet pussy, which made her cum hard. Her sexy body shakes as waves and waves of pleasure hit her as her first ever anal orgasm envelopes her. He does not let her rest, continuing to pound her horny little asshole. He watches his thick dick slide in and out of her beautiful ass and wants to fuck her even more, even harder. Soon another orgasm hits her and another, and another.   Finally letting her back door rest for a bit, he fucks her mouth instead, but soon he is back into her butt hole utterly destroying it. Her orgasm counter is most definitely reached a new high for her, as she cums in every single position that they have tried. He is going in and out of her with ease now because he made her sexy little hole gape. The sexy naked girl gets on her knees, spreads her ass cheeks and offers her butt doggy style. She meets each of his thrusts with her ass as they become faster and deeper, her breasts sway with each thrust and she pushes her ass higher into the air. She moans and presses back onto him, “Fuck me, fuck my ass!” she begs him. Finally, he has had enough, so he fills her with his warm cum, giving her a hot and messy creampie. She cries out as he cums inside her, both her pussy and ass clenching around his dick. As his warm sperm drips out of her ass, her beautiful face adorned with a smile.