It’s Labor Day, baby! I’m enjoying the day off at the pool with my sexy girlfriend and she’s teasing me like crazy, pulling her bikini bottom to the side and rubbing her pink pussy while lying down in a rubber floater in the pool. She spreads her pussy lips, plays with her clit and finger fucks her wet slit. Back inside, she strips naked as I pour loads of baby oil all over her body, leaving her slick, slippery and glistening with the oily fluids oozing down her skin. My hot girl takes the bottle and pours even more baby oil on herself. I pass my hands all over her bare body, letting my tongue think into her wet cunt and eating her out. I love to eat pussy. I love the sweet taste and smell of a wet pussy. I love kissing with her pussy lips, flicking her sensitive clit with my tongue, licking her slit. I can do it for hours. I bang her little pussy with my fingers while she fondles her oiled up titties. My beautiful naked girlfriend gets down on her knees, stroking my big hard cock while sucking it all the way down to the base. The mix between her saliva plus the baby oil makes the perfect sex lube. Grabbing her head, I push my hard dick as deep down her throat as I possibly can. Then I lie on my back and she straddles herself on top, her back facing my way, squatting over my lap and rubbing my cock up and down her wet slit. Finally, she pushes it inside her snatch and we start fucking in reverse cowgirl position. The tight walls of her vagina squeeze around my dick like a pair of vice. While we are fucking, she reaches for the oil bottle and pours more baby oil all over her perfect body. I take the bottle and continue applying copious amounts of baby oil while she turns over, making her slippery bubble butt bounce on my cock in cowgirl position. My girlfriend is so fucking sexy and loves to be fucked so it’s crazy awesome.   She moans with the wonderful feeling of my hard cock deep in her vagina and my balls slapping against her cute little ass. I put her down on her hands and knees so I can fuck her dripping wet pussy doggie style from behind, giving her the ultimate sexual pleasure, watching the slick baby oil dripping down the crack of her ass. The look of my head disappearing into her pussy is electric and mesmerizing and I can feel my balls banging against her pussy. I put my tiny girl on her back, grabbing her legs and spreading them wide open and she massages her cunt as I bang her in missionary position. The faster and harder I fuck her, the faster she rubs her cunt and we just keep fucking like crazy, getting back to reverse cowgirl position. And then finally the act reaches a glorious climax as we come together, I blow my creamy load all over her body. Labor Day is definitely the best day for a hardcore oily fuck with my hot girlfriend!