Wow, I’m thrilled to see this threesome scene actually happened! A lovely blonde girl Kenna always liked watching her neighbors fuck through their windows. She would watch lustfully as that handsome man was pounding his lovely, juicy girlfriend from behind. The naked girl is an absolute beauty and her man fucking her hard, making her body quiver. Her pussy would fire up and she would go to her room, lay on her bed and start rubbing her pussy through her panties, fantasizing about her hot, yuppie neighbors. She would pull her hand inside those panties and work her way to an amazing orgasm followed by her picturing fucking with her wild neighbors. She would then go to sleep like a little lamb. This one day, she bumped into her neighbor and suddenly dropped some of her papers. Her brunette neighbor read on one of the papers that she was, in fact, an actress and she had the urge to meet her. There was something sexy in her eyes and she knew that the shy girls want to own her. They came inside their house and she sat between the always horny couple. The girl flirted with her eyes and it was a matter of seconds before some of those two would start to touch her. The brunette came close to her and started kissing her lovely skin. She didn’t waste much time and went straight away to her thighs, slowly pushing them apart. The cute, innocent , aspiring actress… with no panties, maybe she’s not so innocent. She got down from the couch, spread her legs and started licking her pussy like crazy. He boyfriend pulled his hard cock out and started wanking it to the beautiful scene the girls were making. She worked her pussy in amazing ways and the girl was screaming in a seductive way. It was time for them to join forces and suck a dick like two little sluts. The girls both came close to him as he stood up and started licking his shaft from each side. Wow, what a pairing, two the most beautiful girls licking his dick and balls together. The blonde girl wanted that dick inside so bad that she told him to sit down so that she can start to ride it. The sexy naked girl began sliding up and down on that thing as he was licking his girlfriend’s pussy. The naked girls watched each other with passion in their eyes as their pussies were beautifully stimulated.   The brunette started licking her asshole as that hard dick was penetrating her hard. She was screaming so loud and felt the most intense orgasm of her life. She got down and the naked beauties started sucking that dick once again, making it really wet and ready to go inside their pussies once again. The blonde rode his dick again while the chick was licking her tits and her clit. Her orgasm was so intense she nearly collapsed in ecstasy. The beautiful brunette got on top and began riding it while kissing the blonde cutie. Riding in reverse cowgirl. Aaaahh yess Honey riding that cock 36:55 and showing off that ass. His dick was drilling her very hard from below as she focused on the girl’s lips. The amazing blonde went and pressed her nude body against the wall as the beautiful blonde licked her pussy. The man was jerking it off and approaching orgasm very fast. After fucking them in standing doggy-style, he pulled the beautiful naked girls both close and decorated their cute little faces with his cum! What an amazing horny threesome! Thank you Vixen! They are hands down the best at producing quality content week after week.