This sexy blonde teen hatched a clever plan. Instead of risking getting caught shoplifting at her favorite clothes store, she decided to sleep over at it but the security guard must have found out what she could steal, and now the slutty teenage girl finds herself busted and at the hands of the shop’s security guard. He has to conduct a strip search, since girls tend to hide what they steal under their garments, making the sexy blonde get naked while he watches her. She strips completely naked, showing the guard that she’s not hiding anything but her slender body. She has small tits and a fine ass. Since so far she has been cooperating, he gives her two options: call the cops and end up in jail or have some fun together, after which he’ll let her go free. The girl takes the second option, of course, and he whips out his cock and dangles it a few inches from her face. She takes it in her hand and she places his between her legs, massaging her tight pink cunt. The girl opens her mouth obediently and pops his prick in it, sucking it. She feels humiliated having to suck the security guard’s cock, but if she doesn’t, she’ll end up in jail. He grabs her head and pushes it against his crotch, driving his dick down her throat. On her knees, she struggles to deep throat the guard’s massive erection and licks his big hairy balls. With the head of his prick tickling the back of her throat the hot teen darts her tongue out and flicks it gently across his balls. Next, the old pervert bends the young naked girl over his desk and takes a good look at her tender bubbly ass and her young lovely pussy. She tries to resist but her body is responding to all the stimulation and attention. He spreads her butt cheeks, toying with her asshole, spanking her cute little ass and rubbing her wet slit with his fingers, making the naughty blonde shoplifting teen squirm.   Then he rams his huge cock deep inside her tight clam, stretching it out as it makes its way in. He starts fucking the teen girl from behind, making her moan and squeal. She has never ever had anything so big and thick inside her little pussy. She has to spread her ass cheeks with her hands so it doesn’t get stuck inside her! While fucking her snatch, the security guard sticks a finger inside her tight asshole, double penetrating the blonde slut. He makes the sexy naked girl lie on her back over the desk, spreading her legs wide open while banging her in missionary position. She’s starting to really enjoy this, he can tell by the way she rubs her clit and pushes his cock back inside her pussy when it slips off. He sits on his chair and the blonde cutie squats, sucking and stroking his big hard cock. She straddles herself on top, pressing her titties against his hairy chest while getting pounded hard in cowgirl position by the security guard. He grabs her little ass, opening it up while making it bounce up and down his shaft. She grinds her butt against his dick and walks free after receiving the guard’s creamy cum load.