Jordi’s friends brought him to a strip club on his 18yo birthday and found the filthiest whore for this little dude so she could pop his cherry. That’s what friends are for! It doesn’t take them long to find her, a stunning pigtailed blonde with a hot body covered in tattoos dancing on the strip pole. The strip club whore crawls towards them and takes the birthday boy’s head, burying it between her big tits. She drags him onstage, squatting over him and dancing while peeling off her thong. She rubs it just inches from his mouth, pushing his face against it so he can eat her out. He’s pretty good with his tongue for a virgin and she rewards him by squirting into his open mouth. Hope you guys are into golden showers! The crazy slut grabs his hard virgin cock, stroking it with both hands and starts sucking it while his friends watch, cheering him on and capturing the loss of his virginity at the hands of this filthy stripper on video. She takes him to a private booth where she continues sucking on his rock hard cock. The whore likes giving him sloppy head, swallowing his dick all the way down to the balls. She spits on it, making loud slurping sounds as she devours it whole. She rubs her cunt while Jordi fucks her mouth, pushing his cock down her throat, making her choke and gag on it. He even slaps her face as she comes again, gushing squirt juices all over the place. The crazy squirting bitch straddles herself on top and sits on his lap, impaling her pussy on his big dick and riding the birthday boy in cowgirl position, pressing her big tits against his face and suck on her perky nipples while they fuck. His friends rejoin them and make it rain all over the slutty stripper and leave for drinks while she squirts form having his dick up her asshole. This chic scares the shit outta me! He pins her shoulders to the floor and stretches her anus out with his big dick and the sexy stripper continues cumming and squirting all over him as they anal fuck until he’s ready to blow his creamy load all over her face and tits. Best birthday ever! 