My girlfriend and I heard a noise coming from my room, opened the door and got stunned by what we saw: my roommate was pounding his girlfriend, and they didn’t even bother with us coming into the room. They just continued doing what they were doing, my roommate was fucking his girlfriend with his huge dick. The girl got up on her feet and pulled my girlfriend over to join her in sucking the big cock! She was a bit ashamed, but all the shame went away the second her lips touched his cock. This gave me an incredible vantage point to watch my girl sucking another man’s cock. Deep down I love watching my girlfriend being a fucking slut. One of my greatest turn ons was watching my girlfriend getting railed by another man. Both of the girls were now licking and sucking his dick all over and enjoyed each time out lips touched over his glans. They were both blowing that cock and kissing each other passionately. My girlfriend wanted to ride his cock so bad that she got up and started jumping on that huge thing while he pounded her hard from below too. It was so sexy to gaze into my gf’s eyes while she was being fucked. Not too long after, his girlfriend wanted to ride his dick once again, so they let her. We have a two-level bed in our bedroom, so my naked girlfriend climbed on the upper level, and his naked girlfriend started sucking her pussy beautifully while riding his cock with him sitting on the lower bed. All three of them were extremely horny and enjoyed fucking really much. That’s when my girl got down and started slapping her stunning round ass while she was still riding him. My girl wanted to send a message that she want to ride that dick again. Her message was understood, so she was jumping on his huge pecker once more while his girlfriend was on top of his face having him lick her cunt. My girlfriend was seconds from coming when she heard the other girl scream from the pleasure of her contracting pussy. He satisfied the both naked girls before coming on their faces! The sight of another man cumming on my gf’s cute face was overwhelming! 