This scene has two amazing babes and some super sizzling hot action. The nipples on this beautiful personal trainer’s big tits get pretty hard under her top when the horny lesbian spots this hot new girl working out at the gym. She takes a deep breath and walks towards her, introducing herself to the sexy babe and offering to help her out with her exercising. As she guides her through a routine, she lets her hands wander all over the girl’s thighs. While showing her how to use one of the machines, the trainer puts the girl’s hands over her big tits. No mixed signals here, the personal trainer can’t be more straightforward in her advances. The girl is quite surprised when the trainer pulls her top down and exposes her tits. She totally did not expect that! The girl experiences mixed emotions as she feels the trainer’s hands groping and fondling her naked tits, and her nipples are definitely getting hard. She can actually feel her slit getting so wet too! The new girl is playing hard to get, but the wet spot on her underwear gives her a way, and the trainer goes all in, pulling her shorts down and leaving the new girl naked from the waist down. She spreads her ass cheeks open and the new girl feels that slick tongue invading her asshole and her pussy and finally gives in. There’s no way she can resist that hot tongue lashing at her holes. She lets the trainer eat her pussy and ass and the girls pressed their tits together as they make out passionately in the empty gym. Two hot ass girls having sex, amazing! The trainer jumps on an exercising machine, working out with her legs spread wide open, while the new girl finger fucks and sucks on her gushing pussy, kissing her clit and watching her squirm when she runs her tongue up and down her wet slit.   The sexy girl circles her tongue around the inner circle of her pussy. She straddles herself on the trainer’s lap and they rub their cunts together, tribbing while munching on their tits and kissing each other with unbridled passion. The new girl lies on her back and the trainer squats over her face, getting her pussy fucked and teased by that sweet velvet tongue. She grabs the trainer’s ass and presses it against her, squeezing her buttocks, making out with her pussy, licking her slit with her tongue, sucking on their clit and tasting her sweet juices. The naked girls start working up a sweat with an athletic scissoring session that gives both their clits a real workout! Absolutely awesome! Back and forth the hot lesbians go, coming and coming. Their pussies are bumping and grinding together. The girls keep scissoring each other over a yoga mat until they both climax together, both drenched in sweat. The new girl is definitely getting a lifelong membership to this gym! PUSSY RULES and these girls know it.