I came back home earlier from work and found my stepdaughter skinny dipping in the pool with some dude, of course I had to punish her. I dragged her inside the house, sat on the couch and put her over my knee. I began spanking her ass, but as I saw her tender butt cheeks turning red and her slit getting wet, I realized that the little slut even liked it. She was getting turned on by being punished. I could see her pussy lips were wet and her clit was incredibly swollen. She was wet with her step daddy disciplining her. The young lady got on her knees and whipped my throbbing erection from underneath my jeans and with a very naughty look in her face, she started sucking and stroking it. She really is a bad girl! Cupping my balls in her hands, she swallowed my erection all the way down to the base. Young and horny, these teens just love to suck dicks! I grabbed her by her ponytails and buried her face against my crotch, pushing my sausage down her throat and watching my slutty stepdaughter gag on my big dick. After fucking her mouth I spread her legs wide open on the couch and ate out that sweet, tight pink cunt, tasting her pussy juices gushing from her slit. I pushed my dick inside her muff, plowing her in missionary position. The young pussy was so tight, that I could feel I was going to cum very fast. I couldn’t pull out and I couldn’t stop cumming! I was filling up her pussy! When I pulled out of her, I saw a huge creampie leaking out of her slit. There was so much cum! I was surprised when she asked me to keep fucking her and cum inside her, what a turn on! I guess this would also be a good punishment for her! My dick easily penetrated her slick cunt for the second time.   I came again, blowing my creamy load inside her snatch and watching my creampie oozing from her slit and down her thighs as she fingered her cunt, scooping out the jizz. I pushed my cock right back inside her muff, using my spunk as lube and hearing the squishy noises it made as I fucked her. I put her down on her hand and knees and came inside her again while we were fucking doggy style, smearing all, that cum dripping from her clam all over her juicy bubble shaped butt. Another huge creampie. I kept pounding her little hole as hard as I could. The hot teen came violently around my cock, her beautiful skinny body clenched, her pussy spasmed so intensely that my cock was actually forced out of her tight little hole and white sperm began to flow down her thigh. My horny stepdaughter was making sure I gave her every last drop of cum in my balls. She spread her butt cheeks wide open with her hands as I kept pounding her hard from behind. I came again, this time with her impaled on my cock in reverse cowgirl, the cum oozing from her pussy and all over my dick and balls.