My sexy brunette girlfriend seemed to be in a horny mood, teasing me nonstop as we walked down the street after school. I was getting pretty hard, but I guessed I’d have to wait until we got back home, and we were still pretty far away from that. To my surprise, my girlfriend wasn’t ready to wait either. She took me behind some bushes and got down on her knees on the grass, pulling down my pants and grabbing my big fat cock in her soft hands, guiding it to her wet cock craving mouth and giving me a blowjob right on the street. I looked around to make sure nobody was passing by and could see us. I asked my girlfriend to lift her shirt while she sucked my cock so I could see her beautiful titties and her perky nipples. She truely swallowed the cock and returned it clean with saliva. My girlfriend is very kinky, she wants to do nasty stuff almost everyday. My horny little slut giggled as she licked my shaft and looked at me with those beautiful deep brown eyes. Suddenly we heard somebody coming close and we almost got caught! We got back home, filled with adrenaline and excitement from our naughty outdoors adventure! Now my girlfriend was really turned on, stripping down to her sexy pink panties, straddling herself on top, down on all fours, shaking her juicy bubble butt for me. She pulled her panties aside, showing me her fabulous ass and gushing pink pussy burger. I whipped out my cock, pushing it deep inside her cunt, fucking my girlfriend in reverse cowgirl position. I slapped her sexy ass while she pushed it back up against my dick, moaning and grunting with pleasure. I have always loved the sensation of fucking my gf’s tight pussy and this time was as great as ever!   She got off my cock so she could suck it and taste her pussy juices on it while I played with her juicy butt. After giving me a sexy blowjob, she got back up on my cock, riding me in cowgirl position while massaging her cunt so I could see my girlfriend squirm as she came. She got off me, jerking my beefy rod and telling me how much she wanted me to fuck her while we were in class earlier. I put my sexy naked babe down on her hands and knees, penetrating and fucking her sweet snatch doggie style from behind. I fucked her harder and harder, slapping against her juicy ass. “Oh God!” she cried. She tried her best, moving her beautiful ass, bending over and arching her back. I woudn’t stop until I glazed her perky, little tits and her cute face! My girl is a hot Latina and I love hearing her screaming in Spanish when I make her climax with my big hard cock.