A handsome gentleman at a bar notices the beautiful damsel in need of some help. It seems like her credit card is not going through and she can’t pay her tab. The gentleman takes care of the bill. He notices the gorgeous brunette is having money problems and he can help. They go back to his luxurious mansion on the hills, where the sultry dark haired beauty dances sensually for him while slipping off her skin tight red cocktail dress, revealing enticing lace lingerie underneath. The young babe has a breathtaking beauty and a sophisticated gentleman like him can appreciate a gorgeous woman like her. The half naked girl continues dancing for him, showing off her tight slim body and like the gentleman that he is, he asks for her permission to touch her, reaching out and caressing her tight ass. She removes her bra, exposing her small, firm breasts and perky nipples. The sexy babe passes her hands all over her body, she’s terribly aroused by the charming gentleman. Fully naked she sits on his lap, feeling his hard throbbing erection under his pants. He cups her breasts in his hands and she peels her panties down her thighs. He grabs her, kissing her body and sucking on her puffy nipples. She can feel his slick tongue all over her naked skin. She touches herself for him and she can feel how wet her pussy is. He has her gushing already and she hasn’t even taken off his clothes yet. She rubs her cunt against his hand, takes one of his fingers to her luscious lips and sucks it. What a stunning young babe with her small waist, youthful boobs and a heart shaped ass. The naked babe puts it between her pussy lips and feels him fingering her wet slit, making her squirm with lust and desire. She sits back against him and feels his hands all over her body, her breasts and her cunt. She spreads her legs wide open and kisses him while he sucks on her nipples and continues playing with her hot naked body. I love this passionate foreplay. He licks her flawless pussy while she caresses his neck and back.   The naked beauty takes his huge throbbing cock in her hands, sucking and stroking it with great pleasure. She’s on her knees and swallowing it whole, deepthroating it, wearing nothing but her high heels. He slides his cock up and down her slit and finally pushes it inside her, pumping her in missionary position while she squeals with pleasure and begs him to fuck her very hard. The gorgeous naked girl straddles a leg over his shoulder and massages her cunt while feeling that dick fucking her pussy like a piston. He crosses her legs above her and keeps pounding her hard. He puts the teen babe down on her hands and knees, shoving his dick back inside her, both hands on her tight ass while fucking her doggy style from behind, pulling her beautiful long hair and pushing deeper into her. Then he fucks her in standing position against a column. She straddles herself on top and rides on his delicious member in reverse cowgirl position. This handsome gentleman is leaving her totally breathless by the way he fucks her. 