Sick and tired of being a lonely bachelor, this guy calls a number he found on an online advertisement and rents a pornstar. They send him a gorgeous, stacked brunette with a bombshell body in a skin tight black dress. The one with the biggest tits! The MILF pornstar arrives at his place wearing the sluttiest lingerie she owns and the door is open. Inside she finds the bachelor taking a nap, pitching a huge tent under his shorts. She pulls her big tits over her dress and lace bra and smothers him with them, waking him up. He takes her to the bedroom , hiking her dress and spreading her sexy stocking clad legs so he can eat her out. She spreads her pussy lips wide open with her hands so he can shove his big fat cock deep inside her snatch and pound her hard in missionary position. The professional slut makes him lie on his back so she can lick his balls and cock. She pops his huge dick in her wet mouth, sucking and stroking it. She looks him in the eye while jerking his beef and sucking his balls. Then the naked woman lies on her belly and spreads her ass while he fucks her on top, from behind. Her body is amazing , and those tits , wwwwow. Her pornstar ass and the way she shakes it drive him wild. She gets on top, riding his member in reverse cowgirl position while he rubs her clit. She grinds her amazing body against him, his hand around her waist, stimulating her clit while stuffing her with dick. Lucky man gets to titfuck her big beautiful natural tits until he’s glazing them in a warm load! He puts her on her back again, pounding her in missionary while she rubs her muff an cups her big meaty tits in her hands, eager to feel the lonely bachelor’s hot cum spraying all over them. Why feel lonely when he can fuck a pornstar? Ava is one of the best MILFs ever, the older she gets the better she gets, love the cunt hair and she just loves cum. If this was a real service, it would overtake Apple as the most valuable company, especially if Ava was an option. She would get nonstop requests for years to come because she is so amazing. She is the Queen of Brazzers. 