This drop dead gorgeous blonde MILF used to have a wild side but she’s much more mature now and responsible for helping her pupils achieve their goals. And now, even she can’t believe she’s actually considering sleeping with one of them. She’s tried, but she just can’t deny her attraction to her pupil. The hottest blonde babe can’t help reaching between her legs and massaging her beautiful pink cunt while she thinks about him. Her panties are already drenched in her pussy juices. He makes her so wet. She pulls the lace panties aside and runs her fingers up and down her wet slit as she fantasizes with her pupil and moans softly. We have great close up view of her fingers playing with her pink pussy. The hot blonde puts two digits inside and finger bangs herself. Her pupil Alex finally arrives and she concentrates on her mentoring and tutoring, impressed with how much he has improved in such short time. The sexy teacher discovers his wishes to become an artist and get into art school and offers to help out any way she can, and she does mean any way. The woman strips down to her sexy navy blue lace lingerie bra and panties so he can sketch her. She is close to being fully naked in front of her crush. The bra comes off and her big tits with pierced nipples inspire him as his muse slides her fingers over her lace panties. Now slowly and seductively she begins to move her knees apart, exposing her lovely pussy. The hot babe just can no longer restrain herself and grabs his big throbbing member and licks it slowly, filling her wet mouth with it as she sucks and strokes it. Fabulously beautiful woman! One of the hottest women i’ve seen on Pure Mature in a while. She is really hot. After worshiping his cock, her pupil spreads her legs wide open, exploring every nook and cranny of her dripping wet pink pussy burger with his delicious tongue, tasting her flowing juices and making her squirm with pleasure. The naked blonde straddles herself on top, pushing his rock hard cock inside her tight cunt and riding her pupil in cowgirl position.   She has waited so long for this moment. Down between her legs, she can finally see his beautiful cock pounding in and out of her delicious blond pussy. The naked babe grinds her delicious bubble shaped ass against his lap, feeling that big dick stretching out her tight pussy, pressing her hot naked body against his, her big tits against his chest. She flips over, still impaled on his cock while riding it in reverse cowgirl position. Then the hot naked blonde gets on her back, grabbing on tight to the couch and spreading her legs wide open as the young pupil piston fucks her gushing cunt in missionary position. He pulls out except for the swollen tip of his cock, and then plunges back in again viciously, all the way to the hilt, grinding against her pubic mound with each thrust of his young hard penis. Her pussy lips clamp his cock like a satin vise, and he can feel the sperm starting to boil in his balls. The babe feels he is about to cum, she wants him to cum inside her, her hips move forward in response to his hard thrusts, making him cum deep into her body!