The girls want to invite some boys over later that night while they watch a movie. But their dads are not fooled by this little ploy. They know their daughters far too well and how slutty they can be. The girls really think they have their dads fooled and that they can outsmart them, so the dads decide to teach their girls a lesson by performing a daughter swap so they each get to fuck the other’s daughter. The dads pretend to go along with their daughters’ ruse, but they will have the last laugh. The naughty blonde and brunette enjoy their movie while waiting for the boys to come over, but instead, their dads put on masks and pretend to be the guys they are waiting for. The blonde’s dad takes the brunette and vice versa. Two old perverts take off the girls’ shorts and panties while they lay side by side watching the movie, spreading their butt cheeks and exposing their tight buttholes and pink cunts. The horny dads slide their fingers up and down the girls’ wet slits and finger bang them from behind. The sexy sluts start moaning and grunting as they get turned on from all the fingering, they have no idea they are getting finger banged by each other’s dads! The girls want some dick for themselves, ready to suck their cocks they turn over and take the masks off, revealing who their dates really are! Surprise, surprise, it’s their swapped daddies in disguise! The girls take off their tops and lay on their bellies, sucking and stroking the dads’ big juicy dicks. Swapping dads is so much kinkier than fucking with their teenage boyfriends, the older men have so much more experience! While the blonde keeps eating dick, the brunette gets her legs spread wide open and her tight snatch pounded hard in missionary position by her friend’s dad. He is on top of her missionary style, pounding deep into her with long steady strokes. The feeling of a cock deep into her cunt makes her moan happily. The blonde friend gets fucked in the same position, grabbing each other’s hands while they feel their father’s dicks pounding their wet muffs.   The sexy brunette sits on her friend’s dad’s face and gets her pussy eaten out while she jerks his cock and watches the blonde getting fucked doggy style from behind by her own dad, with her hands pulled behind her back. Watching her brunette friend jerking her daddy on while she gets fucked makes her feel so dirty and hot, they can’t wait to eat their daddies’ cum! The young naked girls get on their knees and the dads keep fucking them doggy style, stretching their fresh and inexperienced vaginas, their balls slapping against the girl’s meaty butts each time their thrusts reach the depths of their pussies. These daughters suck, make out and ride while they enjoy each others dads long cocks. Watch these dads cum all over their daughter’s cute faces and these two hot teens swap cum for the first time. Watch all these teens get swapped, fucked, destroyed in amazing foursome with dads. Daughter Swap is the home of naughty teen girls that want a man just like their Daddy to fuck them hard with their big dicks, pop their cherry, make them suck, scream, orgasm and swallow their creamy cum!