While this blonde is working her ass off in the kitchen, her teenage stepdaughter is taking selfies in the living room next to her sleeping daddy instead of doing the dishes. Fed up with her lazy attitude, the MILF snatches the phone from her hands. Since the teen girl likes taking selfies so much, she pulls her top up and takes pictures of her small pierced tits. The blonde turns her over the kitchen counter, pulls her shorts down and keeps snapping pictures of her naked ass! LOVE the Mom’s Lick Teens site. Dominant lesbians are fantastic! It’s time for the spoiled brat to get off said ass and get some cleaning done around the house. The stepmom makes her scrub the kitchen floor down on all fours while taking pictures of her ass. Looks like being bossed around by the blonde girl is getting her horny, because her pussy is dripping wet. The blonde MILF rubs her clit and finger bangs her pussy while the half naked brunette keeps scrubbing the floors with her ass in the air. The mature lesbian firmly instructs her to keep scrubbing as she starts rubbing her slit from behind, stimulating her clit and fingering her tight hole. Her young pussy is absolutely flowing with sweet juices. The lesbians just can’t help eating her pussy and tight asshole out, spreading her ass cheeks with both hands and kissing her pussy lips, rubbing her clit with her thumb. The young girl has never had a lesbian experience but her stepmom’s mouth feels amazing on her pussy. The mom’s pussy is itching like crazy, and she wants her teen step daughter to scratch it for her. She leans against the kitchen counter and plays with her tits while the naked brunette eats her out. The lesbian mom grabs her hair, pressing her head against her pussy, rubbing her face against it as the young lesbian moans and takes control.   The MILF lesbian starts fucking her mouth with her cunt, sliding it up and down her tongue as she licks and sucks it all over. The girl probes her clit with her tongue and suckles it. The girls make out passionately while caressing their hot naked bodies and the brunette lies down on the sparking clean kitchen floor, spreading her legs wide open so the blond can suck on her gushing pussy. She finger bangs and rubs both her pussy and the brunette’s, then she sits on her face so her stepdaughter can lick her snatch. The sexy lesbians scissor each other on the kitchen floor, tribbing like crazy, rubbing their hairy pussies against each other. They grab hold of their legs and press their bodies tightly together while moaning and grunting with lesbian lust.The hot naked woman teaches the young lesbian how to eat pussy right, trib and cum. The lesbians don’t stop making love even when the father wakes up and comes to the kitchen. Don’t miss this sneaky lesbian sex scene.