This dude is taking a shower when his stunning girlfriend returns from her yoga class and comes into the bathroom wearing a sexy black lace lingerie outfit. She presses her body against the shower pane while dancing sensually. However, he’s surprised when another woman in lace lingerie enters the bathroom and joins his girlfriend! Her name is Tori, his girlfriend met the supermodel at yoga class, and brought her back home to have a threesome with him. He watches the beautiful girls kissing in front of him, stripping off their lingerie as the sexy naked girls pass their hands all over their hot bodies and engage in a steamy lesbian sex session. This can’t be real. Two of the hottest women out there! The girls eat each other out, licking, kissing and sucking their cunts. He gets out of the shower and the naughty girls crawl towards him, grabbing his big throbbing erectionin their hands and giving him a double blowjob, sucking and stroking his dick and licking his balls together. He takes turns fucking their sexy mouths and the girls kiss, tasting his dick on their lips and tongues. He makes Tori lick and suck his balls and pushes his dick down her throat while his girlfriend licks his balls from behind with her face between his buttocks, then he does the same to her. They go to the living room and he sits on the couch with his beautiful girlfriend straddled on top and riding his hard cock in reverse cowgirl position, squatting over his knees while Tori plays with her pussy and makes out with her. The gorgeous model takes her place, riding his delicious cock in cowgirl position while he fingers her tight asshole and his girlfriend watches them fucking, terribly aroused, and masturbates. She slaps Tori’s meaty ass before switching places with her and Tori stimulates her asshole with her fingers while she gets her pussy pounded hard by her boyfriend’s dick. Her boyfriend keeps banging her in cowgirl while fingering Tori’s clam and makes her sit on his face so he can eat her out. Then he puts her down on her belly with his girlfriend on top and takes turns fucking the naked girls both from behind with his throbbing sausage, eager to blow his load all over their cute faces. He knew that paying for his girlfriend’s yoga classes would pay off! An absolutely awesome video with two of the prettiest and hottest women in pornbusiness. Tori and Caprice are always incredibly hot but in this scene, it’s beyond all expectation! This is hands down the greatest duo in the history of porn. The days of Vixen being just another high quality site have long gone – this is on another level altogether. The progression over the last year has been stratospheric, and Lansky is creating something truly historic. 