My girlfriend’s parents don’t like me one bit but when they are not at home their little slut does incredible things with my dick! Her parents afraid that their daughter would become pregnant! Their daughter is a true cum loving slut! She wants me to cum just in her. Lol, I guess they do have reason to dislike me after all! She puts on a slutty outfit with sexy panties and rolls all over the bed, spreading her legs wide open and showing me her pink muff with a dirty look in her slutty face. My horny babe passes her hands all over her body and twerks her juicy little bubble butt while down on her hands and knees, pulling down my pants and grabbing my big meaty dick in her tiny hands, taking it to her mouth so she can give me a blowjob. Down on her knees, she sucks and strokes my beefy erection with her big brown eyes looking straight at me. I would love for her parents to come back and see their little slut worshiping my cock. Their little slut holds it firmly by the base, caressing my balls while gobbling up my member. I grab her hair, clumping it into pigtails and suing them as reigns, shoving her face into my crotch, fucking her mouth. Then I spread her legs wide open and dive into her muff, eating her out. I make her sit on my face and I fuck her pussy with my tongue while she grinds her pelvis against my mouth. I reached over, cupping her small titties and squeezing them hard, feeling her perky nipples between my fingertips while I taste the sweet pussy juices that flow from her slit. I put her on her back, keeping her legs spread while I fuck her in missionary position. “Yes, fill me with your cum! Fuck your slut!” I keep my cock inside her as I blow my load and fill her up with a sticky creampie that oozes from her pussy as I withdraw my erection. She straddles herself on top and continues riding my cock, feeling my cum squishing inside her snatch as we fuck. “I want your cum! My pussy needs it so bad!” My babe makes me blow yet another load inside of her vagina, dripping from her gaping pussy and down my cock and balls. One creampie after another! I fuck her in reverse cowgirl, squeezing her tits as I fill her up with yet another load of hot spunk and keep fucking her, filling her cunt with another portion of sperm. 