When my friend and his sexy black girlfriend invited me to accompany them on the trip so I could film them, I didn’t hesitate to tag along. After all, they are both into dogging and my friend’s dick is so huge that his girlfriend can’t wait and asks him to pound her right in a public place! As we are crossing an elevated overpass, the sexy black babe leans against the mesh guard and he rips her pants at the crotch, lifting one of her legs and ramming his huge white dick deep inside her gushing chocolate cunt. Her top is pulled over her mocha tits and I’m getting a huge boner watching them fuck as I film. They look around to make sure nobody’s looking as he fucks her so hard from behind, slamming her against the mesh guard. They stop when a guy passes by and continue fucking as soon as he passes them by. He slaps his hefty cock against her chocolate cunt and sticks it back inside her and she’s grabbing on tight to that mesh and baiting for air. I actually manage to convince them to go somewhere normal to fuck and as they walk down the overpass, he squirts baby oil all over her round and brown ass and it drips down her thighs and legs as she walks. It should be an interesting walk home! Once there, she lies on herb back with her legs spread wide open in front of a mirror so she can see herself while getting her mouth fucked by my pal’s massive dick.   The sexy black babe sucks and strokes thit huge white cock while she massages her snatch. The slut sucks his balls too and he pushes his dick down her throat, making her gag on it. The naked girl jumps on top of him, kissing him with unbridled passion and massaging his throbbing bulge over his shorts and makes sure I’m getting it all on video. He fucks her sideways from behind, and then puts her down on her hands and knees, pounding her dripping wet cunt doggie style from behind. Absolutely incredible, I love Brazilian girls! Tall and all-natural, with a stunning body honed from years of dancing in Sao Paulo’s finest gentlemen’s clubs. She screams at the top of her lungs and squeezes her tits while feeling that big cock stretching her pussy. She gets on top and I watch that beautiful mocha bubble butt bouncing up and down my pal’s lap while she rides on his erection and I feel jealous! She cums over and over. This multi-orgasmic Brazilian can never stop at just one. Then it’s my friend turn, and he absolutely covers this Latina with jizz!