I arrived to this production set to deliver an order and I couldn’t believe what I saw. This gorgeous short haired brunette with tattoos was getting her makeup done, and she had her beautiful breasts exposed. Not just that, I recognized her as an old friend from my apartment building. When the makeup lady saw me there, she almost kicks me out, but my friend told her it was okay. I gave her the package and she looked so excited and happy to see me there and asked me to stay for a bit, while checking out my package! I decided to take my lunch break right there and then, and the horny girl got on her knees and grabbed my big throbbing sausage. She was in awe at how big and thick my cock was, pondering if she would be able to fit it in her mouth as she began licking it with such a dirty look on her beautiful face. The hot babe started sucking the tip, moaning softly while holding the base of my shaft with both hands. I grabbed her head, pushing it against my crotch and fucking her mouth. She was so hot and wanted me to slide it deep inside her tight pussy! She got down on her hands and knees with her naked ass high in the air, showing me that delicious bubble shaped ass. She spread her ass cheeks knowing I was standing and watching her. Starring at my her perfect ass and her dripping wet slit, I couldn’t wait to get my dick into her waiting pussy. A week without sex and seeing this sexy sight was almost more than I could bare. I wanted to fuck her so badly. I rammed my cock deep inside her gushing cunt, fucking my friend doggie style from behind so hard that the couch began to move. She was screaming like crazy as I pulled her body against me, grabbing her hand and her ass, pulling her hair, fucking her as deep as possible. I took both arms and used them to hold her still while piston fucking her clam. She realy liked that aggressive pussy pounding.   “Cum for me now!” I scream. “Cum like the bitch you are!” her whole body went into convulsions, her vagina squeezed my dick, I kept fucking her madly. Her orgasm was so strong that she collapsed on the couch. I flipped the naked girl over, spread her legs wide open, rammed back deep into her cunt and kept fucking her in missionary position and she came like mad, her eyes going blank and her naked body trembling and shaking. She grabbed on tight, begging me to keep fucking her, she wanted and needed more cock inside her. I lied on my back and the naked babe straddled herself on top, a huge smile on her face as she impaled her pussy on my cock and rode me in cowgirl position. The sex was amaing; she rode me like a champ, her body was amazing. I grabbed her nice tits, feeling her body shaking as she kept cumming, biting her lips, screaming like crazy and talking dirty, urging me to blow my load and give her all my hot cum. And they say being a delivery guy is a boring job!