Me and my bro were driving in a van one day and saw this smoking hot babe walking down the street. My horny friend simply had to try banging that little hottie, so I decided to do him a favor. I opened the van’s door and offered her 300 bucks for reviewing some papers. The girl got intrigued by the offer and got in the car. After talking with her for a while, she turned around and saw my friend with his pants down and his huge cock out in the open. The girl was shocked by the scene and wanted to get out but after some persuading, she agreed to have some fun with us. He reached out and pulled her top down and suddenly – her incredible tits were out. Her tits were amazing, huge natural breasts. He got really hard and wanted a tit job so bad. The sexy babe got on her knees and wrapped her big boobs around his cock. She started sliding up and down with her juicy melons which made him go crazy for that stunning body. She wanted that dick inside her mouth, so I suggested she starts blowing him. The little bitch looked amazing while sucking his cock and wearing those sexy glasses. She was doing such a great job sucking that hard cock and wanted to give him the biggest satisfaction of his life. She turned around and decide to take the matter completely in her hands. The naked busty babe started jumping on his cock like a horny little slut and enjoyed it very much. We’re lucky that nobody was passing by ‘cause the chick screamed really loud as that dick was penetrating her really hard. She got down once again and started blowing his cock to feel all those juices her pussy left on it. She then started riding him in the opposite direction with her tits facing me and the camera. Her boobs were jumping up and down. The slut went into a state of ecstasy as he grabbed her legs and wrapped his arms around her neck. She sucked him a bit more before he bent her over on the floor of the car and started pounding her sexy ass really hard. She took it well and wanted to be fucked even harder. He turned the naked babe over, spread her legs and started slapping her face as his cock was penetrating her little cunt! He came inside her little pussy after a while. 