This beautiful blonde is getting married in three days, but she has received an offer from her Ebony friend and she is finding it very hard to refuse. She realizes she shouldn’t have accepted meeting with him in the first place and she should leave, but her will melts as soon as she is in his arms, feeling his hands all over her body, grabbing her breasts while he kisses the back of her neck and she feels that huge black cock throbbing so hard against her ass. The beautiful young woman falls to her knees between his legs, stroking his black dick with both hands while sucking it. She places it between her breasts and massages it with them, drooling all over that big chocolate dick, her saliva dripping down her chin as she does her best to swallow it whole, an almost impossible task. What a dreamgirl, perfect body and a pretty face. The hot naked blonde climbs on top of her ebony lover and gasps for breathe as she feels that huge black cock penetrating her, stretching her white little pussy out and filling her vagina up. He is the exact opposite of her husband to be, and exactly what she needs right now. She squeals as it hits her G-spot. Her wet pussy walls tightly grip him as he pushes his giant black dick in as deep as he can. She whimpers and moans. He grabs her hips and holds her in place, pounding her hard and fast from below, thrusting his black love rod in deep with every stroke, making her moan and beg as her perfect body jerks slightly. He keeps fucking her hard, his giant black balls are slapping hard against your ass cheeks as you beg for him to never stop. Her juicy ass looks amazing! I have always loved hot blondes, curvy girls, cock loving cum sluts and Mia Melano Mia Melano is one of the sexiest girl of all porn in my opinion! The sexy naked babe flips over and keeps riding him in reverse cowgirl position. The sight of her pale breasts with pink nipples is amazing! She cries out as she is gripped by an orgasm. Her body convulsing slightly as his big cock is bathed in her warm juices.   Her secret black lover fucks her while on top, with her lying down on her belly. I absolutely love watching her react to his movement. Her ass is absolutely fantastic as it is a beautiful heart shape and nice and plump. She is a beautiful woman. Her body is a virtual sexual Disneyland! He pounds his black rod hard and deep into her body. She immediately cums again. They move to the kitchen and standing, the naked babe bends over the kitchen table and gets her pussy pounded hard from behind by her black stallion. He is moving her entire body back and forth, making her boobs swing. She cups her breasts in her hands as he lifts her leg and fucks her sideways from behind. She is going to miss the incredible orgasms her ebony lover gives her. This may be the last time she gets to suck and fuck such a massive piece of black cock before getting married, and she is going to enjoy it guilt free. He lets out a hard grunt and she feels his huge black cock throbbing as it starts spewing his black seed deep inside her womb.