Man, what a day! It all started like usual, with me having to wake up my brunette teen stepdaughter for school. While she changed into her cheerleader outfit in front of me, I saw her juicy ass and tight cunt and couldn’t help getting a boner. I’ve always loved young teen girls with big, sexy ass. Every time I saw her with those cute little outfits, I wanted to grab that butt. We had just a few minutes before her bus arrived, so she got down on her knees and started sucking and stroking my hard-on. Worst case, if I took too long to cum, I could write her a tardy excuse, after all, I’m her stepdad, right? I told her to grab my butt as I pushed her head against my crotch and buried my dick in her mouth, seeing those thick ropes of saliva connecting her lips to my dick, so fucking sexy. I blew my load in her mouth and made her spit the spunk into the palm of her hand and get it all over my balls, getting them wet as she kept eating my cock until the bus arrived. By the time she came back from classes, I was ready to fuck her. I bent her over the kitchen counter and pulled down her miniskirt, admiring how big, plump and meaty her juicy bubble butt was getting. I made her spread her butt cheeks with her hands, admiring her tender little asshole and pink pussy burger. I gently started licking her pussy from behind, passing my tongue up and down her wet slit and tasting her juices gushing from her cunt. I licked her tender asshole too, teasing her sensitive anus with my tongue. Then I pushed my hard cock inside her muff inch by inch, feeling her tight snatch stretching out as I penetrated and fucked my stepdaughter from behind against the kitchen counter.   She was so tight that it took almost two minutes before the full length of my long dick finally penetrated her small pussy. The sight of her ass shaking with every thrust was too much. We went to the bedroom and I lie down on my back while she sucked and stroked my big fat cock just like she did in the morning. Then she straddled herself on my lap, lowered herself slowly, impaling her pussy lips on my cockhead. The hot teen began riding my cock in cowgirl position. I made her bend over the edge of the bed so I could keep fucking her tight pussy from behind, using her hands to keep those beefy butt cheeks spread wide open. The teen slut kept holding her ass cheeks open with her hands it was so hot! She was slamming her round ass backwards, making me fuck her shaved pussy as deeply is I could. Then it was back to deepthroating my cock like the dirty little cunt slut that she is and fucking her doggy style from behind with her ass spread for her step daddy.