Two of the curviest, hottest bodies in the industry. This is gonna be ridiculously hot. Working as an assistant for A-list celebrities, Lily’s limits are constantly being tested; especially by her boss. When he asks her to arrange him some entertainment in the shape of a hot blonde, she calls up Mia, a sexy blonde bombshell that shows up at her boss’ crib in a skin tight, curve hugging black dress. This time, Lily decides to join them for a hot threesome, making out with the blonde while her boss watches two curvy and gorgeous babes. It’s such a big turn on! She strips her down to her pink lace thong while cupping her firm breasts in her hands and letting the blonde undress her, feeling her soft hands all over her perfect body and her tight ass. Mia spreads her legs and bends over while Lily watches her boss spanking that tight bubble shaped ass. She wishes he was spanking her instead so bad! The sexy girls get down on their hands and knees by his sides on the couch, sucking his hard cock and big balls together. I simply love these women with curves. This brunette babe gets to ride on her boss’ beefy cock first, squatting over it in reverse cowgirl position and feeling the way it fills her cunt, bouncing on it while feeling Mia’s fingers on her snatch. The hot naked blonde licks her pussy juices from her boss’ dick before taking her place on top of it and riding it. Her body is just too perfect. Lily watches her blonde friend getting her ass spanked and her pussy pumped by her boss’ throbbing erection and gets into a 69 with her, eating each other out while her boss takes turns fucking each of the naked girls. Awesome. Love both of their natural tits! And their curves and their wonderful butts and tempting bushes… What an intensely sexual scene with two hot girls! His balls are slapping against her face when he fucks the blonde babe and she can’t help licking her cunt and his balls. She can’t wait to eat his cum out of her cunt! MY GOD….Vixen is turning up the heat. Last update Tori and Caprice. And now the undisputed Empress of porn Mia and the incredible sweetie Lily. These two heavenly temptresses will set the Web on fire. 