This hottie didn’t know what she was in for when she left for the party last night. She thought she could just stay out all night while wearing a very skimpy set of clothing, but her stepbrother spotted her when she was coming back home and decided to have some fun with her. He gave her two options. Either don’t do anything for him and get told on to their parents. Or alternatively, she could have some sexy fun with him and he wouldn’t tell a thing to their parents. The decision is a tough one, but the babe decides to take one on her pride instead of facing the wrath of her parents which could lead to her being grounded for a while, which means, you guessed it, no more partying. The sexy blonde teen starts off by stripping down to her bare skin. And while she’s in the nude, her horny brother asks her turn over and spread her ass cheeks for him, he wants to take a look at her ass crack. She obediently spreads her ass with both hands and lets him shove his face between her buttocks and lick her pussy and asshole from behind. This naked babe is fuckin hot! The bro sticks out his tongue and licks her slit. She leans over, raising her perfect ass higher and pushing it further into his face. The kitchen is not the best place to have sex when the parents can come down any moment. The teens go to her bedroom, the naked girl drops to her knees and starts unbuckling his belt and pulling down his pants. She feels like it’s kind of wrong to do this with him, but she decides to go for it anyway. After taking his dick in her mouth, she gets a bit more comfortable with the notion of doing this with him since at least they aren’t related. She sucks on his cock harder and harder, and she enjoys every bit of it. The cute naked girl looked up right into his eyes, sucking and jerking him wildly. Her blue eyes are so stunning that it’s hard to look directly into them.   Soon, she’s getting up and allowing him to go inside her. He takes every second of this situation to please himself and spoil himself with his stepsister’s lovely tight pussy. She has no choice but to just take the cock in any position that he wants. He has to hurry because their parents might catch them in the act. His naked sister spreads her sexy legs and lets him kiss, lick and suck her pussy lips, play with her clit and eat her vagina out. She opens her legs wide, spreading her pussy lips for his dick. Finally the whole length of his hard-on is lodged in her blonde snatch. She is completely filled and it’s such an incredible feeling. The view of this attractive young woman lying on her back with her firm tits and her puffy pussy mound, enjoying sex is amazing! What an angelic, a perfect ass, nice boobies and an absolutely beautiful pussy! Finally, he cums all over her pretty face and they both leave the exchange feeling completely satisfied.