The beautiful blond babe is so excited that she’s going to get married next week but at the same time she feels a little unappreciated by her fiance who is spending way more time planning his bachelor party than paying attention to the wedding plans. Since her soon to be husband is so uninterested in her, perhaps his best man will give her the attention he’s denying her. She flashes him her firm breasts with piercings on her nipples while her fiancé’s stare is locked on his laptop screen. The sexy teen babe continues teasing his friend from across the table, pretending to drop something, so he can get underneath the table to pick it up. The horny girl spreads her legs and gives him a peak of her pink cunt, shoving his face between her thighs and inviting him to take a few licks from her wet slit! Now that’s the type of attention she yearns. He sucked on her beautiful shaved vagina, shoving his tongue between her pussy lips, slowly kissing her clit, feeling her juices fill his mouth. The best friend pretends to be feeling a bit ill and the blonde takes him to the living room couch so he can lie down, but instead she leans over, pulls up her dress, exposing the most beautiful ass so he can shove his big hard cock deep inside her dripping wet pussy and fuck her hard from behind. Being fucked by her fiance’s best friend behind his back feels so dirty and naughty, she loves it. The hot sexy girl pushes her juicy bubble butt back up against his throbbing member, urging him to keep banging her hard. They strip naked on the couch and he keeps fucking her from behind. The hot naked babe grabs his big hard cock in her hands, sucking and stroking it, swallowing his big member all the way down to the base. She is such a good cock sucker! Both nipples being pierced quite a bonus. Very hot girl.   The beautiful naked girl straddles herself on top, pushing his member inside her lovely cunt and riding the best friend in cowgirl position on the couch, slamming her nude perfect body hard down onto his hard dick. She puts both her hands on his chest and starts grinding her sexy ass back and forth as she takes control of the fucking. The the naked girl gets on her hands and knees and keeps sucking his rod, before climbing right on top and riding him in reverse cowgirl, keeping her eye on her fiancé to make sure he doesn’t interrupt them. He actually walks up to them in mid fuck and tells his friend he found the strip club they were looking for, and doesn’t even take his eyes off the laptop screen long enough to see that while he’s so busy planning his bachelor party, she’s having a little bachelorette party of her own with his best friend! The dude doesn’t notice a thing until his best friend covers his fiancee’s pretty face with cum!