I don’t like being the bearer of bad news, but when someone isn’t doing their contractual obligations, I have to follow the rules and enforce the necessary consequences. Today, it’s time to evict the blondie that lives nearby. Obviously, there was nothing I could do to help her unless she found a way to show that she’s responsible. And in a few minutes, she’ll do just that by showing me her skillset. First, the blonde teen slut begs me and tries to find some way that she can weasel out of this predicament. She starts flirting with me and I feel as if I could really score something nice out of this exchange. Sure, she’s flat as a surfboard, but she’s really cute and petite. And for my monster cock, this would be a real feast. I decided to let her escape the eviction for now, but she’d have to perform some really nasty favors for me. And the little slut does just that. She starts off by getting on her knees and undoing my pants and pulling them down, only to reveal my gigantic magnum dong flying in her face. She is in shock with how big it is, and she really doesn’t know how to react except to start kissing it and licking it. She takes it in little by little and soon enough my entire cock is penetrating her tight slutty mouth. The young naked girl takes all of it in just barely, and I enjoy every centimeter that my cock ventures inside of her mouth. She really knows how to do this stuff, so I have no doubt that she’ll earn enough money in some way so that she can repay her debt. The little slut put my balls into her mouth and my dick all over her cute face. She deepthroated me for so long, and I enjoyed watching her choke on my enormous dick as she was gasping for air. Then the petite blonde teen got on her knees with her cute little ass high in the air.   When the sexy teen girl told me to fuck her bareback and to shoot my cum deep inside her pussy I just knew I wouldn’t be able to pull out! It didn’t take me long, her little pussy was so tight, so warm, so great and soon I was cumming into her little hole. There was so much cum, it was leaking out of her slit. Stream after white stream of cum squirted out of her teen cunt, running between her meaty pussy lips, dripping down her clit. I kept fucking her in every conceivable position I imagined. It just felt so fucking great and I couldn’t stop cumming…and cumming, filling her teen pussy up! Her pussy was pulsing with cum leaking out of her vagina. SO much cum just turned the teen slut more and she kept begging me to cum inside her more and more. Each creampie into her fat pussy caused her to shiver and moan, her tiny naked body was covered with cum. I kept giving her pussy-destroying pounding, fucking her little pussy hard, slamming deep into her. Jizz was flying everywhere. 