I asked for a day off from work and all I wanna do is sleep, but my gorgeous blonde girlfriend has other plans in mind. She put on her skimpy bikini and invites me to take a dip in the pool with her. We play some ball, then she takes me by the hand and guides me back inside because she wants to play all day long with my balls. She strips naked and dances for, showing me her sexy tits and ass, spreading her long legs wide open so I can lick her wet snatch, making her moan and grunt with pleasure. I bend her over, checking out her tight asshole close up as I keep licking her cunt. My horny naked girlfriend gets down on her knees and slowly pulls down my pants and boxers and my big hard dick springs to life. She gives me a delicious blowjob, sucking and stroking my cock and I push her face against my crotch so she can swallow it whole. I fuck her mouth and feel her choking and gagging on my cucumber. The drool is dripping down the sides of her lips and down her chin as she gets my cock lubed up. Straddling herself into my lap and smiling down at me she impales herself on my rigid dick and begins riding me in cowgirl position while massaging her clit. Her breasts look wonderful hanging in front of me. She rubs her pink cunt so fast and my dick is so hard inside her vagina that she suddenly starts to squirt! OMG I’ve never seen a squirting orgasm in real life, just in porn movies! Her pussy is squirting her own cum all over me! She doesn’t want to stop, she pushes my dick back into her wet cunt and keeps slamming herself down, causing another squirting orgasm. My hot naked girl rubs her wet cunt against my dick and my balls! She flips over and looks at me over her shoulder while making that sexy ass bounce on my dick. I put her down on her hands and knees and push my thick dick inside her tight cunt, pounding my sexy ass girlfriend doggy style from behind. I slap her ass while banging her and then I turn her over and keep banging her in missionary position. My girlfriend screams having another big orgasm. 