My girlfriend and I catch our sexy roommate masturbating herself in her bedroom with her magical wand and when she starts squirting all over the bed sheets, my girlfriend just has to ask her how she did it. She is more than happy to teach her how and my girlfriend spreads her legs by her side and uses her vibrator on her pussy, masturbating side by side and soon my girl is climaxing and gushing loads of squirt juices from her pussy! I’ve never actually seen a woman squirting before. Moreover, I didn’t expect to see my girl having a squirting orgasm! YES! More squirting, Please! Just a few seconds later, our crazy roommate gushes again! Amazing! The naked girls then lock their legs and press their pussies together. They start out slowly and then began humping furiously, fucking each other’s pussy. They make out while grinding their pelvises and touching each other and I’m getting so hard just looking at them! Our roommate fingers my girlfriend into another squirting orgasm while stimulating her own snatch with the vibrator and munching on my girl’s puffy nipples. The girls are tribbing, scissoring and pressing their pussies together with the vibrator buzzing in between for yet another set of squirting orgasms, spraying pussy juices all over each other. I whip out my throbbing member and feed it to my girlfriend and she sucks and strokes it, with our sexy roommate joining her so they can eat my dick together. She gets down on her hands and knees and gives me head, while my girlfriend gets behind her, eating her asshole and pussy out and drinking her squirt juices still dripping from her slit. My girlfriend gets on her back and spreads her legs wide open so I can fuck her gushing pussy with my big hard cock in missionary position while our roommate massages sits on her face, rubbing her pussy against her mouth and then squrting right into her open mouth! The roommate is squrting into my gf’s mouth and my girl is squrting all over my dick at the same time!   The roommate gets on top of her, down on all fours, and while my girl munches on her delicious tits, I ram my pussy deep inside her soaking wet snatch and fuck her doggy style from behind, spreading that big juicy bubble butt with my hands. My girlfriend straddles herself atop my lap and rides on my hard cock in cowgirl position while masturbating with the vibrator and having hot lesbian action with our roomie. My hot redhead girlfriend has one more squrting orgasm, spraying her juices all over me! Her body convulses. Her cunt is gripping his cock hard and her pussy is squirting juices all around. Our roommate comes closer to her and keeps peeing all over my gf’s face. I have both naked girls lay down on their backs, with their legs spread wide and high in the air, so their wet cunts are fully exposed. I take turn fucking their wet pussies, making them squirt one after another. I love making my girlfriend and our sexy roommate cum and squirt with my cock and I can’t wait to cum all over both! Catching our roommate squirting is the best thing that could happen to us!