This sexy brunette girl brings the new foreign exchange student home for a study session, and it looks like her hot blonde stepmom also wants to help him study in her own particular way. Wearing sexy red lace bra and panties, the horny MILF flashes her big tits and teases the schoolboy behind her step daughter’s back. The teen girl decides to prepare some snacks and the blonde seizes the opportunity, introducing herself to the teen boy with a welcoming blowjob. The MILF softly kisses and licks his shaft, caressing her cheeks with his cock, sucking and stroking it. The teen girl comes back with snacks, dropping the plates as soon as she sees her mom has already started snacking on her study buddy’s sausage. That fat cock is big enough for both, so the horny mom invites her to join her and the girls start sucking his throbbing erection together while he spanks the MILF’s meaty ass. Their wet lips meet and kiss and their slick tongue entwine as the naked girls share the exchange student’s delicious member. The blonde caresses his balls and jerks his young cock while the brunette sucks it, passing it back and forth and taking turns deepthroating it. The hot naked woman straddles herself on top and squats in reverse cowgirl position, pushing his young hard dick inside her gushing cunt and riding it while he grabs her tits and the young girl plays with her pussy and his balls. Then the naked girl takes her place and her eyes go blank when she feels that dick stretching out her teen pussy and stuffing it. The blonde grabs that cock so she can suck it and taste her step daughter’s pussy on it. Then she gets back on top and rides him in cowgirl position and the brunette eats his cock and taste’s her cunt on it as well. On her back, the young naked girl spreads her legs as her study buddy fucks her raw in missionary position and her blonde mom stimulates her clit and sucks his big juicy cock. The naked girls get into a 69 and eat each other out while eating his big dick too. The blonde MILF gets fucked in missionary with the teen on top, down on her hands and knees so she can also get fucked doggy style from behind while the blonde munches on her tits and gets her pussy eaten out. The teen girl didn’t expect a threesome, and she definitely didn’t expect to find herself sharing a facial with her stepmom! 