Most girls would get shy at the thought of fucking in public, but that’s not Andreina! This smoking hot brunette Latina bombshell craves dogging and gets off when she gets her tight pussy pounded hard in public places. The sexy Colombian girl flaunts her hot ass in bright leggings, flashing her sexy tits and her perfect ass while walking and dancing in the park. She’s fucking sexy! Born in Venezuela and raised in Colombia, Andreina has been blessed with such a big and juicy apple booty, other porn stars with massive asses might try to sue her to keep that butt under wraps. One look at her tight, tanned body, stunning face, and big round booty and they find her guilty of being extremely sexy! The sexy Latina flashes her tits and her big booty as she talks about how much she wants some dick. She says that she would love to masturbate a big hard cock using her long silky jet black hair. She lets her guy grab her meaty ass while people walk pass them and this gets her really, really hot. The slut is very horny and wants to fuck, humping a metal tube in the sidewalk. She sits in a park bench, spreading her legs and massaging her pink clam. She takes the guy’s big cock in her hands and begins sucking and stroking right there in the middle of the park, what an exhibitionist slut! They go to another place and while she eats his dick and rubs it between her tits against a wall some guys painting graffiti on it by see her and they can’t believe it! She loves having spectators and puts on a show for them, bending over so her guy can push his big hard cock inside her gushing pussy, fucking her standing from behind while she leans against the wall. What an amazing ass she has! He lies on the floor and sexy Colombian model gets on top, riding his dick and screaming out loud. The hot naked babe flips over and makes that big ass bounce on his lap while talking dirty in Spanish. She grinds her body on top of her man, wondering if she will make him cum before they get caught. The dude fucks her till she cums so hard her whole body shakes and her pussy squirts. The pretty girl jerks him to climax all over her cute face. 