This poor guy is in the hospital with his wife taking care of him until the nurse arrives. It’s actually his mistress who sneaked into the place wearing a sexy nurse’s uniform and plays the role of his actual nurse in front of his unsuspecting wife, sending her off so she can take care of her patient. She knows exactly what type of medicine he needs to feel better. The hot busty babe unzips her uniform and motorboats him with her big tits, pushing his face against her giant breasts and smothering him with them. She takes his big hard cock in her hands, sucking and stroking it into full erection. The slut checks his vitals, putting on her stethoscope and applying it to his shaft, hearing how it throbs and pulsates while she devours it like a cock hungry slut. He pushes her head against his crotch, fucking her mouth with his hefty sausage, thrusting it down her throat and making the naughty nurse choke and gag on it. She lubricates his member with her moist saliva and when his wife barges in unannounced to ask him what soup he wants for supper, he covers the nurse with the balloons his wife brought him earlier so she can’t see what’s going on behind them. Almost getting caught by his wife really turns the sexy nurse on. She locks the door to make sure they don’t get interrupted again and strips naked in front of her patient. The beautiful naked woman pushes her juicy bubble butt back up against his hard cock and feels it stuffing her tight pussy while he pops a finger into her asshole too, for double stimulation that drives her crazy. She straddles herself on top of him, pushing his huge sausage into her gushing muff and riding him in reverse cowgirl position. She flips over so she can also ride in cowgirl and he grabs her meaty ass with both hands firmly while pounding her wet cunt. He holds her wrists and opens her arms, stuffing her pussy with his dick meat and presses her hot naked body against his, feeling those big tits against his chest. The hot woman gets on her back and he eats her out, feeling his tongue wriggling in her snatch and then fucks her doggy style from behind before the wife returns with his soup. 