This gorgeous brunette cougar has the day off and she decides she wants to spend it with her lover. She strips naked by the pool, baring her hot naked body and those delicious big tits, spreading her long legs wide open by the edge of the pool and giving her stud glimpses of her pink snatch, already soaking wet and ready to get fucked so hard. She oils herself up and her body, her big boobs and her perfect ass glistens under the sun. The hot naked woman passes her hands all over her body, feeling how slippery and slick oil makes her skin. Back inside the house, her naked lover lies down while she massages his body with her tits. The MILF rubs and grinds her ass and her wet twat against his back and as he turns over, she licks his balls, letting her silky tongue slide up his erect shaft, drenching it with her warm saliva. She is so fucking sexy and looks absolutely incredible! Fucking love her amazing body and her dirty talking. She sucks and strokes his huge cock, then gets down on her hands and knees so he can lick her cunt and her tight asshole while jerking his meaty rod for her. He spreads her ass cheeks with both hands and teases her asshole, licks her sweet pussy juice out of her wet cunt. The hot brunette wiggles her ass and he pushes his meat sword deep inside her gushing twat and starts fucking the sexy cougar doggy style from behind. She likes it when he grabs her hair and pulls her head back while pounding her so hard, showing her he’s in charge. She pushes her juicy bubble butt back up against his dick, urging him to continue fucking her deep and hard.   He thrusts hard and deep, his hips slapping against her ass cheeks, his giant cock going deep into her vagina and coming almost all the way out, then back deep inside her. Her lover drills her tight hole as hard and fast as he can. Lying on her side on the floor she gets her pussy fucked deep. “Oh god you’re so deep … Holy shit you’re going to make me cum again” They go outside as the sun is setting, the perfect scenario for her to welcome the evening impaled on his cock and riding it in reverse cowgirl. Her whole body is writhing and shuddering as his huge hard cock rams into her. What a perfect body, large breasts, shaved pussy, tanned, perfectly flat toned stomach. The hot naked MILF keeps riding that big dick in the bedroom. This cougar loves spending her day off getting fucked by her lover! Kendra’s a almost a dream, so hot and beautiful, one body like hers deserves been well fucked, and only Johnny “the man” can! Two of the best ever and they don’t disappoint. My “dream” MILF!