This dude doesn’t care that this blonde is a lesbian, much less that she’s his sister’s girlfriend, he’s just horny and wants to fuck her. He seduces her with his massive morning wood in the kitchen. She has never seen a dick before and she just can’t resist sucking and stroking that penis behind his sister’s back. She’s never been with a guy before, but that big hard cock is much too enticing to let it pass. He pulls her big tits over her top and sits the hot blonde on the kitchen counter, squeezing her boobies while sucking on her puffy nipples. She is super hottie, such a dream girl … She gets down on her knees and he holds her head in his hands while fucking her wet mouth. Feeling that huge cock rammed down her throat makes her choke and gag on it and he pops it between her big tits and she massages it with them. The hot babe drools all over that big dick, her warm saliva dripping all over his shaft and balls and down her big tits too, making them all slippery and wet. She lies down on her belly over the kitchen counter with her big tits dangling from the edge while he feeds her his cock, stuffing her mouth with it all the way down to his big balls. The hot blonde gets on her back, letting her head dangle from the edge while sucking on his hard cock, deep throating it while he grabs her big tits and reaches under her cotton panties, finger banging her dripping wet pussy. He loves fucking her mouth in this position and he can feel how wet her snatch is. She gets back on her knees and he continues banging her throat, but unfortunately they are interrupted by his brunette sister Amber, who catches them red handed while going down the stairs. She goes upstairs, trying to convince her lesbian girlfriend that she still loves pussy, but she doesn’t believe her words, so she uses actions to convince her. The sexy blonde teen pulls down her panties while pushing her against the door, spreading her ass cheeks so she can lick her tight asshole and gushing cunt.   When her brother finally comes up, he finds the naked girls tribbing on his sister’s bed. The girls scissor till both are screaming in ecstasy! Looks like he missed his chance to fuck his sister’s girlfriend, but the next day, he sneaks into the shower where she’s soaping up her hot naked body and they pick up where they left off. He bends the beautiful naked girl over, pushing his big hard cock deep inside her tight pussy and fucking her from behind. He lies on the shower floor and the busty teen squats over him, impaling her lesbian pussy on his dick and applying the shower massager to her big tits while riding her girlfriend’s brother in the shower. The sexy naked girl massages her snatch and rubs his wet soapy balls while they continue fucking in the bathroom. She spreads her butt cheeks so he can apply the shower massager to her tender asshole while riding his big cock! The girl gets everything she’s been dreaming about since the day she first sucked his cock, and it’s just as good as she imagined. The dude turns this former gold-star lesbian into a full-fledged cock-hungry slut with a face covered in cum!