The girls of Brazzers House are as beautiful as they are competitive and today they want to compete to see who will make all the guys cum in 5 minutes! That’s quite a challenge. This sexy brunette slut gets the challenge started by getting on her knees so she can suck and stroke these 4 big juicy dicks at the same time. The guys surround her as the crazy slut eats their cocks, drenching them with her saliva as they take turns fucking her mouth and ramming their thick dicks down her throat. The timer is running and the girls must succeed before the 5 minute time limit is up! This bitch keeps eating dick while the guys also take turns pounding her wet muff. She starts squirting, begging them to give her more cock. They stuff her mouth with dick meat as well as her snatch, adding her asshole into the mix as they double penetrate this dirty slut. Don’t miss the craziest orgy the world has ever seen! All the guys fuck this crazy bitch in all her holes, making her squirt like a geyser. Sadly, the timer reaches the limit and the guys still haven’t cummed. They give another slut a chance, adding even more dicks to the equation and this vicious slut is more than happy to take them all in each and every available fuck hole in her sexy body. One dick in her mouth, one more in her cunt and another one in her ass, two cocks for her hands. They savagely fuck her as hard and as fast as they can. The girl is moaning loudly with pleasure as she is getting fucked in both holes. The third girl, a sexy black teen slut is ready to satisfy three men at once, getting fucked in her mouth, ass and cunt. They fuck her in all her holes simultaneously in a hardcore gang-bang. The busty blonde bimbo is the fourth slut who is going to win all the cum! She grabs three dicks and begins stuff her mouth and all her holes with them like mad. The guys are slapping their rock-hard MASSIVE pricks across her face, pushing them in her holes one by one, fucking her so hard that she begins to squirt! ”Come on, guys, FUCK MY CUNT HARDER!” They continue to fuck her in all her holes like animals, making her squirt more and more. Will this squirting blonde slut with big tits be able to make the guys blow their loads all over her in under five minutes? These sexy sluts are ready to suck and stroke those big hard cocks and feel them pounding their tight pussies and gaping assholes in an incredible hardcore challenge. 