My neighbor’s pool is under repair and their sexy teen daughter asked to swim in mine. Of course I let her, I even got in the pool with her so we could have some fun together. She’s a sexy thing and since she turned 18, she’s looking hotter than ever. When I dove under the water and pulled her bikini down, she spread her juicy butt cheeks apart and gave me a glimpse of her pussy and asshole, what a treat! Her body is perfectly slim and petite with a cute little ass and amazing pussy. There is nothing like a smooth clean pussy! I put her on an ice cream shaped floater and turned her into my sexy treat, tugging the bikini bottom down and admiring her delicious young 18 year old cunt and butt. The little slut grabbed my big hard cock in her hands and began sucking me off. I couldn’t look at anything else except her tongue licking the head of my cock. She gave me an amazing blowjob by the pool, sucking and stroking my sausage like a dirty little slut. If her parents knew what she was doing when she came over my place to use my pool! Watching her deep throat my dick was a treat. Her eyes went black as she swallowed it whole, choking and gagging on it. She put it right next to her cute face to compare sizes, admiring how huge my cock was. She even slapped her face with my cock and kept jerking me off and sucking me down.  I lied on my back and the petite naked girl climbed on top, lowered her slender body slowly onto my waiting prick, impaling her little pussy on hard, throbbing penis. The feeling of her young pussy spasming around my cock was amazing! Her pussy was so tight and my dick was big for her but she started riding me in cowgirl position, making that juicy bubble shaped butt of hers bounce up and down my rod. Her little ass is such a treat!   Still impaled on my dick, I flipped the neighbor’s sexy teen daughter over and kept pounding her hard in reverse cowgirl. I made the young naked girl stand up, raising one of her legs, penetrating and fucking her in standing position by the pool. Next she got down on her hands and knees and I fucked her doggy style from behind. The sexy naked girl put her face on the ground and jutted up her juicy ass so I could pound her gushing muff really deep and hard, just the way this sexy bitch likes it! Her pussy lips were stretched wide around my dick. Her pussy was stretched beyond its limits and her anus throbbed with every stroke. On her back, the tiny girl spread her legs wide open and I fucked her in missionary position, hoping that I managed to blow my creamy load all over her hot naked body right before her parents came back to her house. Without asking for any kind of permission I pulled out and came all over her pretty face. She was completely covered in my thick, sticky semen. The teen girl opened her mouth and a huge gob of cum slid down her tongue and into her throat. 