To add some much needed spice into our sex life, my girlfriend and I have been looking for a third in our threesome, and it turns out my GF’s friend, is kinda into it! My girlfriend invited her over and I spied on the girls while they had hot lesbian sex, kissing, touching, caressing each other’s pussies and titties. My girlfriend was wearing a sexy red lace lingerie outfit and her friend was eating her out on the couch like crazy. My girl signaled me to come on over and join them and by the naughty look on her friend’s face when she saw me there, we could tell she was totally into the idea of turning that lesbian sex session with my girlfriend into a steamy threesome fuck. Looks like the girls had already talked about it and ironed out all the details, so all I had to do was put my cock at their disposal, and boy, was I more than happy to do so. My girlfriend sat back and watched her naughty friend grabbing my big throbbing erection in her hands and giving me head, sucking and stroking my rock hard cock. Her friend confessed that she had been waiting a long time to do this. I had sex with another woman, knowing that my girlfriend was watching, it was amazing feeling. She played with her pussy while her friend played with my cock and balls. Of course it didn’t take my girlfriend long to join us and the girls gave me a spectacular double blowjob. After sucking my dick and my balls together, proving they were one heck of a team, her friend decided she wanted to eat some more pussy and went down on my girlfriend while she continued blowing me.   Her friend straddled herself on my lap and my girlfriend pushed my big fat cock deep inside her gushing pussy and watched her riding me in cowgirl position. Her friend made her ride on my dick in reverse while she spread her legs wide open and made her eat her out. My girl buried herself in her cunt! That’s where I got creative, putting both naked girls down on their hands and knees, one on top of the other and taking turns pounding their delicious cunts doggy style from behind! I had never fucked two girls before and it was awesome! I moved from one pussy to the other. The naked girls lay on their backs and offered their cunts to me to be fucked.  My girlfriend played with her friend’s pussy and asshole while I kept banging her from behind, telling me just how bad she wanted to see me blowing my creamy load all over her best friend and share cum with her!