I enter the room just as my lovely blonde stepsister is changing, so I get to see her half naked, which always gets my cock so hard. We start fighting over something silly as usual and when our mom comes into the room and sees the mess it is, she makes us clean it up but my stepsis wants to play with her pussy instead! She lies on the bed while checking out some smut on her phone, unbuttoning her denim shorts and reaching under them so she can rub her wet snatch right in front of me. She takes the shorts off and touches her cunt over those sexy blue lace panties. The little slut puts her hand under them, feeling how wet she is while checking out her porn on her phone. My cock is throbbing so hard from watching my slutty stepsister masturbating. Our mom comes in to check on us and is pretty pissed that the room is still messy, but she lets us be and I decide to give my stepsister a taste of her own medicine. I whip out my thick sausage and I begin jerking it right in front of her. After checking out how big and hard it is, she decides that she wants to play with it, and will help me clean the room after we are done. My sister can’t keep her eyes off my dick, and eventually gives in to the urge to join him on the bed so she can take his pleasure into her hands and mouth. She takes my dick in her soft hands and takes it to her wet mouth, sucking it so good. The room door is open and I can see our mom in the next room, while my stepsister is stripping naked right in front of me. Doing dirty things with her right next to our mom is such a big turn on for both of us. The sexy naked girl straddles herself on my lap and sits her ass on my cock, pushing my hardon inside her shaved twat and riding me in cowgirl position.   Now, here I am looking at the most beautiful pussy I’ve ever seen. All pink and clean looking. My sister rides me like a true pornstar from her porn movies, rinding back and forth, squeezing my dick rhythmically, rubbing her clit, causing her pussy juices to flow and push her closer and closer to her first orgasm… her bald wet pussy dripping down my balls. My sister’s soaking little pussy feels like it is gripping me, but at the same time it seems to effortlessly swallow my hard erection each time I push. Horny as hell and knowing I can satisfy her needs, my naked sister turns over and gets down on her hands and knees, showing me her hot ass while she slaps her pink pussy burger and sits back on my rod, riding me in reverse cowgirl so she can keep an eye on our mom while we fuck and make sure she doesn’t catch us, while looking over her shoulder to make sure I’m having as much fun cleaning the room as she is! I just pulls out to finish all over her snatch and belly when our mom walks in on us.