This incredible blonde girl wanted to show her dancing talents to this manager and wanted to do some extra work so that he makes her a career. The sexy girl started dancing and slowly began to take her clothes off. The manager immediately spotted her intentions and let her continue. After a couple of minutes, the man got really hard as the hot teen girl slowly took her panties off and showed her astounding ass! She used her skillful hands to fondle her perfect young body and to get herself really horny. She then came very close to him and started unzipping his pants. There was a smirk on a man’s face and enjoyed these moments more than any other this job brings. The seductress began blowing it and licking from each side. She swathed his bloated cockhead with her mouth, her tongue spreading saliva. This is no ordinary girl, and she got him really horny, so he had to do something concrete about it. He grabbed one of her legs, lifted it in the air and started pounding her wet pussy while kissing her at the same time. She pulled him closer to herself, feeling his hard dick deep into her vagina. He loved how his cock felt inside her pussy. The girl wanted a piece of the action, so she turned around and started riding him with her beautiful, trimmed pussy. The sexy naked girl began swiveling her hips, feeling his dick against every side of her cunt. She moaned softly and continued pumping against him, harder and faster. She can ride a dick like a pro. She could not get enough of his cock and the way she worked her ass, twerking, milking him with her cunt, making sort of movements like drawing the figure eight with her ass, then squeezing him with her vagina muscles and slamming herself down hard and fast. Kimmy Granger has one of the prettest asses in porn! He then grabbed her arms, turned her around and fucked her little pussy in the opposite position. He grabbed her hips and forced his rock hard cock even deeper into her, forcing her to scream.   The sexy naked girl screamed and moaned as the man fucked her with all the strength he had. He would occasionally slap her butt cheeks, and the girl responded to it beautifully. He then grabbed, put her on the edge of the couch, spread her legs and started fucking her like crazy. The girl kissed him and felt the need to go down and suck his shaft once more. After doing that, she got on top of him and started bouncing on his cock with much pleasure. Her cock-riding talents were endless. The girl is beautiful..natural breasts, hard body and pretty feet! He wanted to have the final work, so he put her on the couch, lifted one of her legs and fucked her ignited pussy really hard. He raised both of her legs and felt that he’s approaching orgasm. The girl wanted his cum on her face and begged him for it. The man felt as if his balls are getting huge and ready to ejaculate a missile. He got on his feet, brought her close and made a beautiful scene with that little slut on her knees with a load of cum dripping from her face down to the floor. 