When this mature dad goes to the kitchen he sees his daughter’s friend, a cute teen girl with an amazing body, who has stayed over for the night. She’s getting something from the fridge and he can’t help noticing not just her sexy bra and thong, but the fact that she is wearing a butt plug underneath it! Of course the little teen slut is doing this on purpose, hell bent on seducing her friend’s dad. If it wasn’t for his daughter walking in, who knows what would have happened… Later that night, she sends him some hot pictures of her wet pussy and her naked ass and he lets her know her friend will be with her mom tomorrow, inviting her to pass over after 5 so they can be alone. She arrives in her schoolgirl outfit and they begin making out. He reaches under her skirt. The girl isn’t wearing any panties and he can feel how wet she is as he massages her gushing cunt with his fingers. She can feel his cock making a big throbbing bulge under his pants and she fondles it. He bends her over, hiking up her skirt and spreading her ass cheeks with his hands, sinking his mouth in between them so he can eat his daughter’s friend’s pussy and rim her asshole. He slaps her ass and she bites on her lips feeling his tongue in her aasshole. Pressing his dick against her anus, he fondles her tits and she massages his throbbing erection over his slacks. The cute teen gets on her knees and pulls them down, taking his cock in her hands so she can suck and stroke it. He fucks her mouth, pushing his sausage down her throat and she takes it all the way in. He strips her fully naked and rams his hard cock deep inside her tight cunt, fucking her hard while she touches herself. He puts her on her back, spreading her legs wide open and thrusting his erection in her asshole, the youngest, the tightest anus ever. His dick is in her ass while she massages her clit. She spreads her ass cheeks with both hands obediently so his dick can go even deeper up her asshole, stretching it out and filling her up. The young naked girl gets on top and rides it anally in reverse cowgirl while he keeps her legs in a split, flipping into cowgirl and feeling how her asshole becomes a gaping fuck hole for that big dick. Her friend’s dad’s huge cock in her ass feels so much better than her butt plug! 