This beautiful blonde cougar with big tits has found herself a young lover that satisfies this rich mature bitch much better than her husband and she invites him over to her luxurious house when the husband is not around so the lover can accompany her by the pool and rub lotion all over her breath taking body. The MILF takes him inside so they can get naughty and makes out with him. He grabs her big jugs and munches them, burying his face between her wonderful boobs. The sexy naked woman spreads her legs wide open so he can eat her out, licking her wet snatch with his tongue. Her husband never goes down on her, that’s one of the many reasons she got herself a younger model. She pinches her perky nipples and he fondles her big tits and keeps eating her out as she grabs the bed sheets and gasps for breath. The way he eats her cunt leaves her breathless each and every time. The naked woman gets down on her hands and knees and he holds her blonde bangs while she sucks his rock hard cock, so much better than her husband’s shriveled little dick. The slut drools all over his member and her saliva drips from the sides of her lips and down her chin in thick ropes. He pushes her face against his crotch, fucking her mouth and ramming his rod down her throat. She spits on his long sausage and jerks him off. Then the busty naked woman gets on her back, spreading her legs and keeping them parted, grabbing her ankles while he fucks her cunt in missionary position. “Yes, oh fuck yes, fuck me, fuck me like the like dirty slut I am, fuck me hard with your young cock, like only you can do it”   She loves feeling his big, virile cock stretching her cunt and stuffing her. He presses his body against hers, shoving his tongue in her mouth, kissing passionately as they fuck on the same bed she shares with her husband every night. “Pound my pussy with your young cock. Faster! I need to cum. Make your mummy cum!” The sex queen gets on her knees and he penetrates and fucks her from behind, grabbing her tits and groping them while kissing her neck and shoulders. She sits on his lap and impales her gushing cunt with his rock hard dick and rides it in reverse cowgirl position, making her big tits bounce up and down. The horny MILF rides it like it’s the first time she ever feels a cock, and it takes all the energy he can muster to not cum right then. She’s not stopping until her young lover blows his creamy load all over her big tits, her sexy face and her open mouth so she can swallow it all.