The beautiful and very naughty Brazzers girls are having a fun night with their male friends playing some pretty kinky Gang Bang games with them! While some of the girls sit back and watch, the rest play a dirty version of Musical Chairs with the guys. The naked guys are sitting on the chairs with their rock hard cocks while the naked girls dance around them and when the music stops, they must rush to grab a delicious cock so they can suck and stroke it. They like to call their XXX version of this game “Cock Chairs”! Quite fitting indeed! By round three there is just one guy left and he has two beautiful girls sucking his big juicy dick at the same time. The crazy sluts pass their slick tongues up and down his balls as a sexy blonde with big tits cheers them on. Down on their hands and knees, the sexy sluts suck, stroke and twerk, making their best to win this round. All the other guys and girls are getting it on too! Left and right there are naked girls sucking cocks, masturbating with dildos, squirting, moaning, having hot lesbian sex with each other and getting fucked real hard. It’s an all out hardcore gangbang party like only the Brazzers Girls can throw! The girls watching are lined up on the couch with their legs spread and their gushing pussies stimulated by vibrators and dildos. They will also get their turn to suck and fuck cock, just like the other girls. No pussy is left un-fucked, nor is any cock left un-sucked at a Brazzers party!   Some of the girls display their squirting skills, gushing pussy juices from their snatches like garden hoses with a leak or garden sprinklers as their sex toys make them cum after masturbating to intense climaxes. Now it’s time to fuck and the girls love taking dick in every position, from missionary and cowgirl to doggy style and reverse. Their tight cunts get stuffed to the brim by these beefy sausages that pound them so hard and fill them with pleasure and lust. The best part comes when the Brazzers Girls start making their lovers blow their loads, swallowing all that creamy cum and getting it all over their big tits, juicy butt and slutty faces, swapping it back and forth with each other and asking for more! More cock appear in front of their faces. The sluts just smile at them with the cum covered faces. Some guys have came already, the others keep fucking the girls in all possible positions. The guys keep fucking the girls, the girls keep licking each other’s cunts and assholes, squirting, moaning, sucking the cocks randomly.