I have the cutest and wildest ebony babe that everyone is always checking out. She’s aspiring to become a famous actress, but she’s very nervous before each audition she goes to. Today we were hanging around in her room while her dad was downstairs watching the TV. She suggested that we fuck so that she could relax before going to that audition. She got very horny by the very thought that my white dick is going to be in her mouth in a couple of seconds. She started seducing me with her sexy look, and her eyes were so cock-hungry. My sexy black babe came close to me, unzipped my pants, and there was nothing else for me to do but to enjoy what’s about to come. Her dad could come upstairs any minute, but I was ready to take that chance. The girl started sucking my dick in a fantastic way by licking it from the bottom up and then swallowing it all the way down into her throat. My black babe knows exactly what to do to wake a real lover boy inside me. My cock was stone hard, and I was ready to give it to this little bitch. She took her pink top and her blue dress off and prepared for a what’s about to happen. Fully naked she spread her legs, grabbed them with her arms and waited for that pussy to be penetrated by my huge prick. I placed my glans against her pussy, rubbed her pussy lips a bit and everything was ready for a great fuck. I started going inside her black pussy, slowly with picking the speed up. She started to moan beautifully, and after a couple of minutes her hand went down to rub her little cunt. The girl wanted to ride my cock so hard that she jumped on her feet like crazy, placed my rod just below her pussy and started riding it and sliding on it fast up and down. Her incredible tits were now bouncing in front of me as I constrained myself not to come too early.   I could feel her tight cunt getting warmer and warmer as she jumped up and down on my dick. I wanted a piece of her chocolate ass, so I got behind her and started fucking her in a great doggy style position. She grabbed the sheets and screamed as my raging schlong drilled her soft ebony pussy from behind. I pounded her a bit longer until she turned around, grabbed her legs and begged me to fuck her in the first position once more. My hot black girl started making faces of pure satisfaction and sexual ecstasy with each time my cock went inside. I felt as if my cock was getting bigger and stronger by the minute! She jumped on me once again as if she wanted to finish me off. I enjoyed fucking her pussy hard from below before I felt the need to get up and fill her little mouth with a load of cum. She was now definitely more relaxed.