This dark haired teen girl thought she could outsmart the shop’s security and get away with shop lifting, but now that she got caught she has to satisfy the shop guard or else spend some time behind bars. He makes her take off her clothes so he can make sure she’s not hiding any more stolen goods underneath them. The sexy teenage girl tries to sweet talk her way out of this mess, but the only way this guy is letting this slut walk free is after she gives him some pussy. He starts passing his hands all over her body, making her squirm as he fondles and squeezes her petite tits. He makes her bend over against his desk and presses his bulge against her ass, then tells her to get on her knees. He unzips and releases his dick, a big meaty hose already throbbing hard and fully erect. The little girl already knows what she’s expected to do with it. She takes a deep breath, grabs the big dick with both hands at the base and guides it into her open mouth, stuffing it with it as she begins sucking, licking and kissing it. She finds herself getting oddly aroused while orally servicing the security guard. The teen girl knows she deserves the punishment, but she didn’t think she would actually enjoy it, much less crave it. She pouts as she gets bent over his table totally naked and he grabs his small video camera so he can film her sexy little butt as he pushes his hard sausage deep inside her tight cunt and starts fucking the shoplifting teen slut from behind. Then he tells the young naked girl to lie on her back and spread her legs wide open over his table so he can continue fucking her hard in missionary position. He sits on his chair and she straddles herself atop, sitting on his lap, impaling her pussy on his meat pole and riding him in cowgirl position, her ass shaking like jelly. He flips the naked girl over and she grabs on tight while taking the guard’s big cock in reverse cowgirl position. She feels ashamed by the punishment she is getting but also aroused by having the guard’s big dick inside her pussy, ready to open up wide and swallow his creamy load so she can leave the store.  