My new girlfriend is a cum loving slut and I just love her because of that! She can’t get enough of man dick juice and she constantly begs me to shoot it all over her face and body and in each and every one of her fuck holes! I have the filthy slut down on her hands and knees while I am licking her juicy slit and that tender little asshole. I like fucking her with my tongue while grabbing her meaty ass with my hands and squeezing it hard, hearing her moan and grunt, already begging for my hot spunk. I spread her pink pussy lips with my fingers, drenching them with saliva and using them to lube that sweet cunt. She bites her lips as I dig my tongue into her clam again and keep eating her out. I grab her hair and kiss her face while finger fucking her snatch. The sexy naked girl gets down on her knees and pulls down on my slacks; a big smile on her face when she see’s my cock is already fully erect and throbbing like crazy. She stuffs her wet mouth with my erection, sucking and stroking it like crazy. The horny girl loves jerking the base while passing her tongue all over my dick head, catching the first droplets of glistening precum with her silky tongue. I hold her hair and thrust my cock down her throat, fucking her mouth while she looks into my eyes. She gets on her back and spreads her legs wide open, massaging her pussy while I pound her hard in missionary position and squeeze her small tits like ripe grapefruits. I thrust harder, faster and deeper as I blow my load, injecting all my hot and creamy cum into her pussy, over flooding with it, dripping down her thighs. I put her down on her hands and knees and keep pounding her doggy style from behind, my hot cum splashing and dripping down her legs as we fuck. She is so wet I feel her juices running down my leg. She pushes back, she wants her pussy filled again.   The little slut feels my cock quivers in her pussy. Another orgasm washes over her body. “Oh my god I’m cumming. Fuck yes, fuck me, cum on me, cum in me. Just fuck me.” She feels the hot jets of cum against the walls of her pussy and she has an orgasm too. Her pussy is a gaping cum hole I have never seen anything like it before. She loves getting fucked once she already has a nice load of cum inside her snatch, it turns her on so much! “Do you want to add your cum to my face?” She gets some in her mouth, on her nose, in her hair, on her cheeks, and chin. She swallowes as much as she can and licks her cum covered lips. “You’re covered in cum, you look like a slut!” I let her get on top so she can ride on my cock with her pussy full of cum and now I can feel the creampie dripping down my shaft and balls as I get ready to give my girlfriend all the hot cum she wants. Next time I’m going to turn my girlfriend into a three hole cumslut.