Britney and her friend decided to go together to this massage guy that’s known for “going a step further” his massages. They came over, and he made them extra cozy when he put the naked girls both on two comfortable beds and made the atmosphere just right for what’s about to come. He put a big blind between their heads and the rest of their bodies and the girls looked at each other impatiently and curious for what’s about to come next. The man started rubbing some oil onto their beautiful young bodies, and the girls immediately started to moan as if they were sending a mating call. The man took their panties off and started rubbing Britney’s pussy. The girl looked at the other as if she was saying: “it’s on.” The man dared to get down and started kissing her pussy to which she responded with making the most beautiful sounds. The masseur even massages their assholes with his finger. One of the girls pulled the blind down, and they began to jump on the guy, and his dick was out in a matter of seconds. Cock-hungry bitches started gaging on his hard dick and enjoyed how it felt very deep inside their throats. The naked girls took turns in gagging on that prick, and both went into a pure state of ecstasy. They both laid down as the man fucked their mouths with getting hornier by the minute. It was time for this stud to start fucking them, so he bent one of the girls over and started fucking her from behind as she licked her friend’s pussy. The girls were now climbing to the very peak of the sexual arousal and had so much fun. One of the girls decided to ride the man and started bounding on his with that incredible butt while her friend fingered her cunt on the other bed. It was time for the blonde to get some action, so she spread her legs and enjoyed as the man fucked her little pussy with so much excitement. The brunette wanted that cock once again, and he started fucking her in a doggy style as she laid her tongue in her friend’s pussy. He then decided to give it to the other girl very hard and enjoyed it very much.   The girls are fantastic, its like yin and yang. One lighter skins, the other toned and tanned skin, beautiful. one has an inny-pussy , the other, an outie-pussy (the lips), one bald, the other a nicely maintained bush, however, both women bring similar asses – the fact that they are round and beautifully curved, and both women are extremely flexible. He keeps fucking them, mixing up both vaginal and anal penetration. Excellent threesome, both girls give hot commentary while being fucked and especially while the other is being fucked. The anal is great Arya spread wide with her sexy lippy pussy fully exposed taking the thick cock in her tight ass eating Jynx is four boner material. Jynx at her submissive best bent over the table with her tits rocking flat and butt fucked silly is very very hot.He approached orgasm very fast, and so he grabbed them both by their hair and spread his sweet juice all over their slutty little faces! This was a massage they will never forget!