I love stretching my body outside early in the morning using the exercises and Yoga techniques my personal trainer has taught me. My body has never been so firm, flexible and sexy! While I exercise I can see him coming over and his huge cock is already throbbing so hard! I can’t stop imagining me taking his wonderful cock down in my mouth, imagining sucking his cock and imagining my tongue twirling around the width and the head of it. The image of his prick pounding my little pussy overwhelmed me with sexual passion. Yoday he wants to give me a total workout – without exception! He comes closer and pulls out his dick in front of my face. I can’t help taking it in my hands and passing my wet tongue all over that delicious meaty member. I can taste the first droplets of precum as I lick and kiss the tip of his gorgeous cock and feel it throbbing against my lips. I can feel my pussy gushing too, his dick is so big and thick, it turns me on so much. While I am sucking his cock he lets me know he has a very special stretching routine for my ultra tight pussy with his huge dick! I pass my velvety tongue from his balls, all over his long shaft and back to the tip, collecting more precum along the way and lubing his member with my saliva. He’s so hard by now and I am feeling so hot. I straddle myself on top and push his big dick inside my wet cunt, riding him in reverse cowgirl position. His dick feels wonderful in my pussy. His hands continue to rub up and down my naked body, from my ass, to my chest. I grind and sway my hips as I feel that marvelous erection filling me completely. I place my soles on his knees and let him drill my pussy, it feels so fucking good! I can only begin to imagine how it will feel in my ass! “Put your legs into the splits” he tells me, as his dick moves into my ass. The head of his large cock penetrates my anus. The feeling upon penetration is utterly indescribable. It’s a surreal almost existential experience. He starts fucking me anally and my asshole gapes and stretches out for his thick rod.   I am impaled on it and I squirm and bait for breath as I get anal fucked by my personal trainer. He takes me back inside and I lie in bed with my legs spread as he eats me out. I rub my pussy and he fucks me in missionary position. He thrusts his cock back in my ass and I spread me ass cheeks with my hands, taking it all in. The feeling is absolute divine painful ecstasy. I can already feel my tight anal muscles loosening up and giving into his big throbbing erection. I really love the way his huge cock feels as it moves in and out of my ass! Getting my asshole stretched out by my personal trainer is an exhilarating experience and I beg him to keep fucking my ass and turning it into his personal gaping fuck hole so he can deposit all his hot cum in it! After he fucked my ass with his large cock in all possible positions he injected me with copious amounts of his sticky semen.