My stepdaughter was trying to be a YouTube star, and she felt like the best way to do it was to twerk for her webcam. I walked in on her and found her shaking, twerking and grinding her juicy bubble butt in front of her webcam wearing a skimpy thong, like a dirty slut! I had to straighten this girl out, so I put her over my knee and began spanking her. She squirmed, moaned and grunted with each and every spank and as I felt that tender ass in my hands, I got a big erection. I pulled down her undies and exposed her delicious ass and her pink pussy burger, driving my fingers into her slit and feeling how wet she was getting from the spanking. She was gushing! The little teen slut turned on her back and spread her legs wide open and I continued rubbing and massaging her tight cunt. After making her cum with my hand, I left, but a few hours later I saw her cleaning the floors. Her bubble ass looked so enticing; I wanted to have some more fun with it! While she scrubbed the dirty tiles, down on her hands and knees, I pulled her pants down and pushed my hard cock deep inside that tender twat, pounding her doggy style from behind. My hips slammed against her ass, driving her back and forth on my hard cock, deep into her tight cunt. I realized I was cumming and I didn’t want to pull out of her tight pussy. I felt my cock begin throbbing, my cum pumping deep in her young pussy. The whole time I was cumming in my step daughter, she was pushing back as hard as she could against my hips with her ass, shouting “Fuck your slutty little girl” Finally I pulle dout and she spread her labia with her fingers showing me the cum oozing out of her pussy. We kept fucking all over the house, with my naughty stepdaughter twerking her juicy ass against my crotch and making me hard again. She got on her knees, sucking and stroking my dick and sucking on my balls. She got back on all fours and this time she pushed her ass back up against my cock, begging her stepdaughter to fuck her while grabbing on tight to the sheets, ready for my creamy spunk again. 