This smoking hot brunette MILF wants to get into amazing shape so she’s hired the best personal trainer to make it happen! He makes her stretch her hamstrings on the yoga mat and she can feel him passing his hands up and down her legs and thighs, making her pussy gush under her panties and gym shorts. He puts her down on her hands and knees, making her arch her back up and down. Her sexy ass and her big tits make his dick hard, and he whips it out and jerks off while guiding her through the training routines. The sexy woman lies on her back and spreads her legs wide open, while he pours baby oil on her thighs and massages them. He can’t help jerking off his dick while massaging her legs. She turns on her belly so he can massage her juicy bubble butt and the back of her legs. His dick is so close to her now, it even rubs against her face while he makes her turn over and continues rubbing her body and her big tits with oil. He has heard great things about this trainer, but what she hasn’t heard is that he’s a total pervert! He begins sliding back and forth, rubbing her face with his prick, humping against her, letting his balls hit against her cheek. The MILF is a bit of a nympho too, arching her back and opening up wide, she puts that delicious dick in her wet mouth and begins sucking it. Kendra is such a slut! I love watching her suck cock! One Of The Finest MILFS in the business hands down. She gets down on her hands and knees and he holds her hair while she sucks and strokes his sausage. She wraps her big tits around it so she can give him a boob job. He lies on his back and the gorgeous naked woman straddles herself on top, sitting on his face and getting her wet muff eaten out by her personal trainer. He pins her shoulders to the floor and pushes his massive cock inside her tight clam, jack hammering her in a nasty position. Then he takes her to the couch, putting her sideways and penetrating her from behind, pressing her tight naked, oiled up body against his own.   The beautiful naked woman sits on his dick and lets her big tits bounce up and down while she takes a wild ride on it. These tits! She’s so amazing! Great scene, Kendra is awesome, great body, volcanic in action! He’s drilling to depths she didn’t even know existed, he’s working at a furious pace, giving her little cunt a workout, slamming balls deep over and over into her perfect body, making the MILF scream out in ecstasy, her juices running down on his balls. She makes her ass bounce on his lap too, then he puts her in missionary position on the couch and continues pumping her tight cunt with his big meaty hose. She doesn’t know how much more she can take of this relentless pounding. On her belly, he turns her into a human pretzel, her legs behind her back while she sucks his dick and gets ready for a creamy protein shake! Kendra is just getting hotter and dirtier, sexier and sexier with age its brilliant.