While this sexy babe is on the phone in the bathroom, her horny roommate sneaks into her bedroom. He opens up her drawer and grabs one of her used panties, bringing it to his nose and sniffing it. The scent of her pussy on the cotton fabric makes his dick so fucking hard. His roommate is coming back, so he hides in the closet with her panties in his hands. She looks stunning, her hair is done, her make up is done, her outfit is done and her boyfriend just canceled on her again. Outraged, she decides to go to her room to cool off. The sexy girl lies on her bed and her hand slides down, into her panties! The girl touches herself while checking out some porn on her phone. He sees her and touches himself too. She cups her beautiful tits in her hands and squeezes them hard, reaching under her skimpy denim shorts so she can play with her wet pussy. He takes his phone and films her masturbating and gets caught by her. The girl freaks out, he apologizes and explain to her how difficult it is to be her roommate she is hot, sultry and has the most perfect tits he has ever seen, what can she expect. She feels flattered and invites him to stay, she even lets him taste her tits. She’s turned on knowing her horny roommate was sniffing her panties and jerking off while spying on her masturbating. The dude grabs her boobies with his hands, fondling them softly and feeling her erect nipples with his fingertips. In front of his face there are two of the most magnificent tits he has ever seen. Big, beautiful, soft, smooth, he cups them with his hands and squeezes and massages them. Two large, slightly darker areolas. Right in the center sat two small nipples. Her breasts are flawless! He can’t help kissing her nipples and sucking on them. In return the sexy babe grabs his throbbing sausage in her hands and takes it to her wet mouth, swallowing his erection and giving him an incredible blowjob, sucking and stroking his rock hard cock.   Then the teen babe strips naked for him while sitting on his lap, her stunning butt facing his way, turning over so she can stroke his meaty sausage and push it inside her tight snatch, flipping over and riding him in cowgirl position. Her tits are bouncing up and down on her chest as they fuck like two wild animals. Her pussy is wet and throbbing, his hard cock slides in and out between her pussy lips. One of the most beautiful pussies ever! The sexy naked girl rides in reverse, spreading her butt cheeks with her hands and exposing her tight asshole while stuffing herself with his thick cock meat. She is lost in the pleasure her pussy is receiving. He keeps thrusting into her pussy so so hard and deep against her g-spot. He palms and squeezes her tits, making her shriek in pleasure. Her beautiful breasts roll back and forth on her chest like waves on the ocean as he pounds her with long strokes in missionary position, pulling his dick almost all the way out before driving it back into her again. She is rapidly diddling her clit with her fingers while his balls slapping against her ass on each stroke. The girl can’t wait him to pull out and cum all over her pretty face!