This beautiful MILF knows that her stepson will be leaving soon for college and she is going to miss him so much, specially his big hard cock, which she enjoys masturbating to while she spies on him jerking off in his bedroom or in the shower. Before he leaves, she decides to seduce him so she can keep a lasting memory of his gorgeous member. The horny mom enters his bedroom while he sleeps in the morning. He rolls over in his sleep and she can see he’s pitching a huge tent under his shorts. It’s that morning wood that makes her mouth water and her pussy wet. It looks so big this morning, the MILF is in awe and softly touches herself over her sexy lace lingerie bra and panties. Later, while he packs up, she approaches him in her skintight white dress. She has seen the way he looks at her when she wears it. Well, the way he looks at her tits and ass! The outfit works like a charm and soon they are both completely naked as she sucks and strokes her stepson’s delicious member on the living room couch. She passes her tongue in circles around the tip of his cock, tasting the sweet precum and swallows his shaft whole, deepthroating her stepson. The naked woman gets on her back and spreads her legs and her stepson fingers and licks her wet cunt, his hands all over her breasts, squeezing them and making her nipples get hard as waves of lust and pleasure run up and down her naked body. This babe has absolutely amazing pussy, clean shaven and smooth. He runs his tongue up and down from her asshole along the entire length of her pussy slit to her clit and back up around her clit. He can’t help playing with her asshole, kissing and caressing her anus with his tongue. The MILF spreads her lovely pussy lips and the teenage boy pushes his big dick inside her wet muff. His young hard dick feels amazing into her mature pussy, she massages her clit while her stepson fucks her in missionary position, biting on her lips and gasping for breath. They embrace and kiss, pressing their hot, sweaty bodies against each other while they continue fucking on the couch.   The sexy naked woman gets on top and rides his cock in reverse cowgirl position, rubbing her muff and feeling his hands squeezing her big tits like ripe melons. When she gets up to turn over, he puts his face between her legs, eating her out, making her legs tremble before she sits back on his cock, riding him in cowgirl position and making sure that her stepson leaves his hot cum all over her face and body before he leaves for college. These babes may have a few years under their belts, but like a great wine some women just get better with age. They are more open sexually, more experienced and there are no boundaries in sex for them when the cougars want a young hard cock! Fuck them in the ass, cum on their faces or even deep in their cunts, these moms aren’t afraid to get pregnant. These babes will show you what a real hot and wild sex is all about!