This naughty dark haired nanny enjoys getting naked on the job and filming herself with her smartphone while she masturbates, rubbing, massaging and finger banging her dripping wet pussy while she fantasizes with a big juicy cock. When her employer comes knocking on the door, she receives him in a sexy robe. It turns out the phone she was filming herself with is his, and he’s looking for it. She returns it to him, sure it won’t take long for him to find what she left inside it for his eyes only. He finds the naked pictures of the nanny and returns to her bedroom, where she waits for him totally naked. The sexy brunette drops to her knees while he unzips and lets his big hard cock breathe. The girl takes it in her hands and begins sucking and stroking it like a pro. She stuffs her mouth with his penis and deep throats it, swallowing it all the way down to his balls and slobbering it with her drool. He takes the nanny’s head with both hands and fucks her mouth, pushing his huge cock down her throat and watching her choking and gagging on it. They stop when they hear a knock on the door. It’s his wife! He hides in the closet and the nanny answers. She’s looking for her husband but the nanny tells him she has not seen him, though she’s jerking his cock behind the door! His wife leaves and they keep fucking. The sexy nanny strips naked and gets down on her hands and knees on her bed. He pushes his big fat cock deep inside her gushing pussy and fucks her doggy style from behind while she puts her head against the bed, arching her back and raising her juicy bubble butt for him. The naked girl sucks his bog dick and tastes her pussy on it, then she climbs on top and rides it in cowgirl position. He presses her hot naked body against his while they bang like crazy behind his wife’s back. The nanny looks into her employer’s eyes while he stuffs her cunt with dick meat, enjoying the deep sexual connection they share. She rubs her pussy and he fucks her in missionary position, his hands round her neck. Fucking his naughty nanny will make him cum so hard! 