These two beautiful barmaids, a sexy blonde and a hot brunette, look ravishing in their skimpy outfits as they pour beers for the guys at this wild Oktoberfest party, which is pretty soon going to be renamed as Cocktoberfest! This guy wants to toast with them, but instead, he pours most of his beer all over the girls’ uniforms, soaking them. Then the dude hides behind some sausages, pulling down his pants and adding his own sausage to the mix. The blonde girl goes to pick up a sausage and grabs his dick instead! She likes how juicy it is, and starts to suck and stroke it. When her friend sees what’s going on, she can’t resist joining her and the girls give him a double blowjob and hand job combo. While the brunette is eating his cock, her naughty friend is licking his balls. The sexy barmaids pass their silky tongues up and down his shaft and feed each other with that delicious meaty sausage. The girls move the party to the nearby couch. He sits down with the blonde on his lap with her thong pulled to the side and the brunette still playing with his big hard cock. She lubes it up with her saliva and then pushes it deep inside her friend’s tight cunt so she can take a ride on it in cowgirl position. The pigtailed brunette fondles his balls and his member while he fucks the sexy blonde and watches her cute bubble butt bouncing on the guy’s lap. It looks so hot and she’s getting very turned on and can’t wait for her turn on top of that sausage. The sexy naked barmaids kiss each other and while the blonde plays with the brunette’s gorgeous breasts, she entertains herself with her friend’s tender ass. The brunette takes the blonde’s place atop the guy’s cock and impales her gushing pussy on it, riding it in reverse cowgirl position while the blonde sits her snatch on his face so he can eat her out. She’s super hot with huge tits. The sexy sluts keep making out and touching while taking the guy’s cock and tongue in their dripping wet fuck holes. The blonde loves watching her naughty friend bouncing on this guy’s dick.   The blonde grabs his dick and gets back to sucking it hard and jerking him off while the pigtailed whore squats on his face and gets her cunt fucked by his devilish tongue, grinding her sexy ass. He puts both bitches down on their hands and knees, one on top of the pother and takes turns fucking the sexy bitches doggy style from behind. The blonde has the pigtailed brunette on top of her and then she gets behind her while the guy keeps drilling her cunt. The blonde gets her pussy fucked in missionary while fingering herself, with the brunette sitting on her face and getting her muff eaten out by her, ready for the guy to blow his load all over their mouths! These horny babes can’t get enough of his dick and each other’s pussies before they share his cum, making this the best Cocktoberfest ever! Leather pants, sausages, and big jugs… no wonder Oktoberfest is the best holiday of the year! 