I found my step-sis in the living room very frustrated and nervous about not being able to finish her homework. Usually Asian students do pretty well in school. I offered her some help and she was very happy about it. After I solved a couple of tasks, I offered to do every homework she has this year in exchange for a blowjob. She was first discussed but after a while, she realized that the deal is sweet. The little Asian cutie went down to unzip my pants and to pull my dick out. The petite girl was surprised by how big and hard it was and she grabbed it in her hand and started to blow it. The little girl enjoyed how my cock tasted and enjoyed each time she went from the bottom up with her tongue. I just sat there and enjoyed that blowjob until I came inside her little mouth. Next day I found her masturbating in the living room. I followed her to her bedroom and seduced her into fucking me. We both wanted it but this was the first time some of us actually made that move. I immediately placed her tiny body on the bed, pulled her panties down and pushed my hard dick deep into her little pussy. She was so tight, warm, wet. I started drilling her little cunt very hard. I grabbed her little tits and enjoyed twirling her nipples while she screamed like a little whore. That’s when I decided to have her stunning round ass right in front of me as I fuck her from behind. Her butt is so round and juicy that I kept pounding her harder and harder. My sweet step-sis was now loving my cock and didn’t care if someone catches us. I kept pounding her hard while she laid there and took it really hard. That’s when she decided to fuck me in her own tempo, so she climbed on top of me, placed my dick just below her snatch and started sliding on it slowly. After a couple of minutes, the little slut was jumping on my rod like it’s a trampoline. He little tits were bouncing around in front of my eyes as she enjoyed the moment with her head and hair waving around. We both enjoyed so much when I came inside that burning little cunt. 