So this one day, I was chilling at my crib and I heard someone knocking on the door. I open up and there’s the sexiest little blonde neighbor, dying from the heat and begging me to come inside. She carried a spraying bottle with herself and kept spraying water on her sexy little body. This amazing little blonde started looking at me in a funny way and since I was home alone, I decided to make use of the situation. I started teasing her and we both got very horny after just a couple of moments. I grabbed that spraying bottle and started spraying and grabbing her incredible round butt. The petite girl started to sigh and look at me like she wants me to destroy her with my dick. She took my hand, took me over to the couch where she started to pull her tits out and started playing with her nipples. I just couldn’t wait any longer and decided to go down on her. I pulled her panties down, laid below her pussy and started to lick her little snatch like it’s the tastiest lollipop. The girl felt amazing and wanted to do things to my dick. Suddenly, she turns around and starts sucking my cock and licking it from the bottom up. My balls were huge and ready to explode as she was giving me such a great blowjob. From time to time, she would open her throat wide and enjoyed deep-throating the shit out of my dick. It was now time for a cock ride. The young naked girl turned around and started jumping on my dick with that huge round ass. Her jumping on my cock felt so amazing and the girl screamed all the way. That’s when she turned around once more to drive me insane with her stare. I grabbed her little tits as she was still bouncing on my dick without getting tired. After a while, I felt like taking the control over. I spread her legs on the couch and started pounding her little cunt as hard as I could with stimulating her clitoris. I grabbed her tits as the girl went into the state of ecstasy induced by the sensation of my huge dong coming inside her. I finished her off by fucking her big round ass very hard from behind and making her butt really wet with huge loads of cum that I spread all over her butt cheeks.  