This chick and her boyfriend made out on the living room couch. The teens were kissing and having fun when her dad and his new sex bomb milf girlfriend walked into the room. They interrupted them, just as a phone call interrupted her dad and he had to take that call in the other room. The exquisite milf comes and sits with the kids on the couch. They could see it in her eyes how slutty she is and that sex is all she ever thinks about. The crazy woman started touching her boyfriend and feeling his huge erect cock through his pants. They were surprised but they both wanted to fuck this smoking hot cougar. The dad comes back to the room and they all pretended as if nothing happened. The man became very busy and started looking for his laptop quite frantically. The man grabbed his laptop and went straight to his room to finish some important work. That meant that these three could continue fondling each other and the woman decided to lead the way. She actually had no panties on and made them crazy horny when she spread her legs, lifted her skirt up and showed her compelling pink pussy. The MILF was lying on her back with her legs spread open, exposing the teens her naked cunt. Water started rushing in the couple’s mouths and they both wanted to stick their tongues in that little thing. The woman was very confident and wanted to control this fuck all the way through. She got up, told the girl to stand up, took her panties off too and started licking her little pussy with so much skill. The girls started to moan and enjoy her tongue really deep inside her count. Her dad came over once again and she just told him that his new girlfriend went outside. As he went looking for her, these three continued the amazing foreplay. The ladies wanted so bad to get down and such her boyfriend. The skillful milf pulled his prick out, grabbed it with her hand hard and started sucking the thing. She pulled his girlfriend over and they both joined forces in sucking that huge prick.   The milf wanted to see that cock in action that she told the girl to bend over and the dude to start fucking her. He started pounding her hard from behind and the girl moaned with all the pleasure she felt. The hot naked woman couldn’t wait for that cock anymore, so she spread her legs and felt as his huge pecker started to drill her warm little cunt. After some, the naked girls started sucking his cock once again before his girlfriend decided to ride his cock like a little slut. She was jumping up and down on his prick as her dad’s girlfriend grabbed her ass and helped her to bounce easier. The boy wanted to finish the milf off, so he bent her over and started fucking her huge round ass as hard as possible. He pulled his dick out and spread his cum all over their sexy and slutty little faces. The milf went away to look for her boyfriend.