This sexy Asian hottie in a tight red dress is feeling very horny and she wants her husband to satisfy her, but he has a deadline to deliver, so he has no time right now for his horny wife, leaving her frustrated and unsatisfied. While she waits for him to finish behind the kitchen counter, a masked burglar sneaks into the house through an open window. He sneaks up behind the sexy Asian babe, putting his hand over her mouth and signaling her to remain silent. He starts grabbing her tits over her dress and being so turned on as she is, the Asian slut lets the burglar manhandle her at his leisure. When her husband turns around and asks her for a tea, the burglar hides under the kitchen counter. He pulls the girl’s red thong aside and plays with her pussy, shoving his tongue between her butt cheeks and eating her out from behind. He gets back to his work and his sexy wife drops to her knees, pulling down the burglar’s pants, amazed when she sees his massive erection spring into life like a Jack in the box. The sexy girl caresses his huge cock and his balls with her soft hands, passing her wet tongue and sultry lips all over his member, sucking and stroking it. She kisses his balls, putting them in her moist mouth so she can suck them. Then the wife takes the burglar upstairs to the bedroom and she gets down on her hands and knees on her bed, beckoning him to take her from behind right now. He pushes his huge cock deep inside her gushing pussy and starts fucking the Asian slut doggie style. When her husband goes up to check in on her, the cheating wife receives him from behind the door, with the burglar still pumping her snatch with his big dick from behind. Now that he finally has some time for his hot Asian wifey, she’s too busy getting her tight cunt filled up by the burglar’s massive cock, so much bigger, harder and thicker than her husband’s. Totally naked, she straddles herself on top, riding him in cowgirl position, pressing her body against his while he grabs her hair and pulls it. Honey Moon is the best asian pornstar. There aren’t words to describe her beauty and charisma and passion. The burglar fucks this petite, Asian nympho sideways while she’s lying on her back with her legs spread wide open in missionary position ready for his hot cum. The nasty prowler leaves a large amount of his cum all over her face and he has to make a quick escape with her husband on his heels! 