I was feeling horny, so I put some porn on my laptop, lie down on my bed and started jerking off when my stepsister came barging into the bedroom without even knocking and of course she caught me masturbating. After an awkward few seconds, she turned and left. Later, she caught up with me to talk about what she had seen. As it turns out, she had never seen a big cock like that and asked if I could show it to her again. With her begging me on her knees between my legs, I just couldn’t tell her no. I unzipped my jeans and took out my cock, which was already fully erect and throbbing hard. Since she already got a good look at it, I was ready to tuck it back in, when she asked if she could touch it too. I wasn’t sure what my girlfriend would think about that, but she told me it would be our little secret. Having her stroking my cock was definitely better than jerking off by myself after all. The little whore bit her lip while giving me a handjob. I was ready to cum onto her hands but she suddenly opened her mouth and took the tip to her lips, licking it with her silky pierced tongue! Before I knew it, I had my naughty stepsister sucking my cock!!! She tried to deep throat it too, making it halfway through before she began choking on my cock. I couldn’t believe my stepsis was doing this but I just watched her sweet lips move up and down my shaft. Then she stood and turned over, sitting her sexy bubble butt on my lap and pushing my thick member inside her tight pussy. So tight, it actually took some time for her to ease into it, pushing her ass back up against my dick. She kept looking over her shoulder while riding on my cock and it turned me on so much.   Then I felt her cumming, heard her crying out in pleasure and desire. Her little pussy stroked my dick, pulled on my shaft and dragged me to the edge of orgasm. I just couldn’t resist blowing my load inside of her pussy, giving her a sticky creampie that oozed from her slit and ran down her thighs and all over my dick and balls. Using my own cum as lube, I continued banging my horny stepsister. The sexy naked girl straddled herself on top, riding me in reverse cowgirl and begging me to keep injecting more and more creamy spunk inside her gushing pussy and turn her into my own personal cum dumpster. I just couldn’t stop cumming and I had never seen so much cum in my entire life. My semen exploded inside her, cum was splattering all over her ass, belly, my balls. Cum was literally everywhere and my crazy sister just didn’t let me stop, she made me cum amd cum in her pussy, again and again. Watching my cum dripping from my stepsister’s pussy is the hottest shit ever!