I love walking near the college campus, since there are always a lot of young horny college girls that need some extra money to get through their tuition and boarding costs and are willing to do lots of crazy shit for some fast cash. I made this sexy blonde chick in a yellow tube top and denim shorts and offer her $40 just to see her tits. The teen slut thinks about it just a little bit and agrees to go behind the bleachers where she was sitting and show me her titties. They are small like ripe lemons, firm and perky, with piercings on her nipples. When I see the way she bites her lips when I hand her the money I know she wants more. I offer her some extra cash and make her touch my dick, which is already rock hard, over my trousers. She whips it out, dropping to her knees, ready to suck and stroke my sausage. She massages my balls with her hands while licking and kissing my member. The teen girl passes her wet tongue all over it and gives me dirty looks with that devilish face and sultry eyes. I can tell she’s really getting into it, going down on my dick like crazy, looking around to make sure nobody is watching. I let her know everything is okay and she gets back to smoking my cock, moaning with satisfaction as she stuffs her cock hungry mouth with my beefy dick. Pretty soon the horny college girl is deep throated my cock all the way down to the base, spitting on it and lubing it up with her hands. She likes seeing how long she can hold it in her mouth until her gag reflexes kick in, making her choke on my sausage and drench it with saliva. She’s slobbering it, smearing the drool all over my cock and balls using her hands, lips and tongue. The girl keeps jerking my rod while sucking on my balls and if she keeps going like this, she’s going to make me cum before I get a chance to fuck her. I’m not letting that happen, so I put this sexy slut down on her hands and knees, pulling her thong to the side as she pushes her juicy bubble butt back up against my hard cock.   The feeling of her young wet warm pussy around my dick is amazing. The visual is even better thoug. I fuck her doggie style from behind as she spreads her ass wide open so I can thrust my cock as deep inside her gushing cunt as possible. I lie on my back and she gets on top, riding my dick in cowgirl position, grinding her hips. The feeling of her pussy muscles pulsating and clasping tight around my cock is amazing. The naked girl lies on her back, cradling her legs on her chest, holding them underneath her knees while I bang her hard in missionary position and she has this big beautiful smile on her face, happy to be getting so much cock inside her in public right on her college campus. I love watching that hot college ass bouncing on my dick!