We used to play Hide and seek, Simon says and other fun games all the time when we were younger, but as we got older, we tweaked the rules to be a bit more fun. Rules are rules and she knows it, so when I find her checking herself out naked in front of the bathroom mirror I remind her she owes me and it’s time to pay the piper. My naked step sister sits on the toilet and pulls my pants down. My cock is already throbbing hard and fully erect as she takes it in her hands and begins sucking and stroking it. Sometimes, I believe she actually loses on purpose so she gets to gobble up my dick later, she absolutely loves it. She gives me a great blowjob and handjob combo, smearing my dick with her saliva. She keeps sucking my dick until I’m about to cum. I always pull out, so this time she doesn’t expect me to cum in her mouth! My sister even has to swallow some of my cum as it squirts out both sides of her mouth when I thrust my dick into her mouth. A while later we are both still in the mood for Hide and seek, and since our parents are not around, we get fully naked and I find my sister’s naked ass sticking out of the washing machine! I can’t help come closer and shove my dick between her ass cheeks! Then I catch my sister in the kitchen, hiding under the sink. I slap her face with my dick and she starts sucking my dick. Then my slutty sister puts her leg over the kitchen counter and bends over so we can play “Pin the Dick in the Pussy”! I ram my cock deep inside her gushing twat and fuck her against the counter. I love this game! My sister can’t wait for me to spray my hot cum all over her face. I pull out of her cunt and begin squirting cum on her cute face, shooting spray after spray of semen on her. Later, my dick is still hard, so it’s time for Simon says! It quickly devolves into my sister having Simon tell me to fuck her tight pussy. I lie on the couch and let my sister straddle herself on top and play “Ride the Meat Sword”! She flips over and keeps riding my dick eager to test my aim shooting my load in her mouth again! 