While her husband is at work, this breath taking brunette Latina wife is having some fun behind his back with her lover. He has her tits pulled over her white lace bra and her legs spread wide open, kissing her thighs and stripping her down to her lacey panties. He kisses her white panties, then pulls them aside so he can lick her lovely pussy, making her squirm with pleasure. Her husband never ever goes down on her! He gets rid of her panties and keeps eating her out, fucking her cunt with his mouth. While he stands and takes off his clothes the young naked woman lies on her belly and sucks his big dick. He holds her hair while she jerks it with one hand and caresses his balls with the other hand, sucking him hard. She passes her silky tongue all over his throbbing member. Thick ropes of drool drip from her lips as she deep throats her lover’s sausage. She loves giving him sloppy blowjobs and she knows he loves receiving them. The beautiful naked woman sits on his lap and pushes his dick inside her tight snatch, riding him in reverse cowgirl position and talking dirty in Spanish. She is on top in The Cowboy position and he is mesmerized by the bounce of her wonderful tits and the way she rides up and down on his dick. He watches in awe as his cock, slick with her juices, slips in and out of her swollen, juicy cunt. She takes him deep, grinding her cunt onto his rigid cock. I can just imagine this fantastic feeling of her the soft, wet slippery-smooth pussy. The naked babe flips over so she can keep riding his delicious member in cowgirl position. She checks herself out in the big mirror on the wall and grabs her big tits, feeling how hard and erect her nipples are. He sucks on them and she arches her back, feeling that thick dick stuffing her insides.   He grabs her and pulls her against him, pressing her tits against his chest and grabbing her meaty ass. She just keeps smiling while grinding her sexy ass in sexy circles on his erection. The naked girl lies on her belly and pops his big dick back in her wet mouth; she craves his hard cock nonstop when her husband is in the house. He takes her to the couch and spreads her legs wide open so he can lick that wet slit and taste her sweet juices. He always makes her get so fucking wet; she just can’t stop gushing when she’s with her lover. Their bodies are locked together in lust. With her legs split wide she gets her pussy fucked from above. She climbs back on top of his lap and rides his member, making her big tits bounce up and down. Her husband doesn’t understand that this hot blooded Latina needs a real man with a real big dick like her lover to satisfy her sexual cravings!