His girlfriend is almost never in the mood for fucking. This one day he got tired of trying and went upstairs to wank it in the bathroom. As he went upstairs, he noticed that his girlfriend’s mom’s bedroom doors were slightly open. He took a peek and saw her incredible mother half naked, lying on the bed and using a vibrator to wank her pussy. He immediately thought of taking his phone out and recording the whole thing so that he can watch is all over again. He recorded the hot mom and as he moved away, he made a noise that made her stop and see what’s going on outside her bedroom. The woman went to the bathroom and found that horny dude wanking it to something on his phone. She took his phone and saw herself buzzing her pussy on the bed. The woman got horny from seeing his dick and immediately went down to suck his young prick. She was sucking it for a while and completely forgot about her step-daughter downstairs. The MILF took the teenage boy to her bedroom, sat him on the bed and started licking his schlong from each side. The boy too forgot about his girlfriend and thought that this is totally worth it. His girlfriend came searching for him, opened the door and found her step-mom sucking her bf’s cock!!! It took a lot of convincing, but her step-mom finally persuaded the girl to join her so that they fuck that boy together. His GF started to lick that cock and her step-mom was there giving her giving her advice how to suck her boyfriend’s cock better, lick it up and down, caress the head, don’t forget about the balls. After the mom taught the teen how to suck cock like a pro, she joined her and the girls gave hin the most amazing double blowjob. Then that kinky bitch went behind the girl, took her panties down and started licking her pussy while her mouth was full of her boyfriend’s prick. Her step-mom made her so horny by twisting and twirling her tongue inside her little pussy. Mom and daughter sucked that dick together again and felt ready to have that cock inside them. His girlfriend wanted to be the first, so she got on top of him and started to ride his rod slowly but her step-mom encouraged her to ride it faster. She grabbed her tits as she was enjoying that riding intensely.   The woman got her pussy just above the boy’s face and enjoyed having him suck her little cunt. The beautiful naked woman rode his face, her back arched, pussy grinding against his face. It was finally this cougar’s turn, so she got up on her knees, placed her cunt just above his big glans, and started to slide up and down with a very evident skill. Her young step-daughter watched as that woman was riding in such a great way with those succulent tits bouncing in the air. The boy felt as if he should take over the control, got up and started fucking his petite girlfriend in a doggy style while she licked the cougar’s pussy. They were all in a state of sexual ecstasy and enjoyed themselves very much. He fucked both naked girls as hard as he could before he decided to try a couple of more positions with these stunning smooth angels. He then brought the girls both close and shot his cum all over their cute little faces.