I came home one day, and my Asian girlfriend literally jumped on me, demanding that I fuck her. Apparently, she has been playing with her pussy again, and now she needs some kind of ultimate satisfaction, and that’s where I come in. I took her to the bedroom, and she frantically started to pull my pants down. She loves how big my dick is, so she got down and started blowing it with sticking it deep inside her throat. From time to time, I would grab her pigtails and jam my dick inside her throat so deep that she can’t breathe. She looked fantastic with my huge cock in her little mouth. My petite girlfriend then bent over on the couch and begged me to fill her holes. She was so tight that I could barely fit most of my shaft inside her little pussy. I spread her cute little ass cheeks wide and pushed deeper, finally my huge cock was balls deep into her body. It was amazing feeling of her tight pussy. I started pounding her little cunt from behind while choking her and pushing her head into the couch. She was now screaming so loud and experiencing the craziest, most intense sensations. I pounded her little ass for quite a time until she decided to get on top of me and ride my dick. I held her legs so that she doesn’t fall, and she enjoyed bouncing on that thing like a pro. I grabbed both of her legs and got my tiny girl in a position where she can’t move a muscle. I fucked her in that position while rubbing her pussy at the same time. Then I put her on the floor and started fucking her pussy from above. She was desperate to ride me again, so she got on top of me rode my cock as I pounded her little pussy as hard as I could. Man, these Asian girls sure know how to ride a dick… the cowgirl from the rear view, just furiously slamming down on his cock, wowza. The way my girl rides is nothing short of breathtaking. He hard little nipples felt great in my mouth, and my cock was all wet from her pussy juice. I got on my feet, grabbed her hair, pulled her closer and came inside her mouth with such a pleasure! 