Money makes the world go round and it gets me so much pussy! It’s pretty easy to find girls desperate for cash, willing to do almost anything for a quick buck. This horny girl, for example, who decided to strip naked, suck and ride my dick to earn some money for herself and her boyfriend. When I first offered them a big chunk of cash for doing something naughty in public, he said no right away, but not his girlfriend! Just like that, she removed her top and showed me her fabulous tits, much to her boyfriend’s chagrin. Some extra cash made her drop her shorts and with a hundred bill, the panties were off too. Her pussy was so pretty and she tried to cover it and her tits with her hands, so sexy. I head over to make some indecent proposals to the young couple. When I offered them the rest of the money in my hands, she took it without thinking twice and started rubbing my bulge over my pants. Her boyfriend’s face was priceless as he was forced to sit back and watch his girlfriend pulling out my big fat cock and taking it to her wet lips, sucking and stroking it like a slut in heat. Slutty girls are the best! I could tell by the way she was eating my dick that she wasn’t doing it just for the money; she was feeling hot and horny and loved every minute of this, unlike her poor boyfriend, LOL! His naked girlfriend actually deep throated my cock all the way down to my balls when he just watched. She looked and smilled flicking the head of my dick with her tongue. As the slut jerked me off with her hand she covered the head of my dick with her sweet lips and teased the tip with her tongue. I gave her all money I had and lied down on my back right on the floor. The naked girl squatted over my lap, guiding my throbbing member deep inside her gushing cunt and riding me in cowgirl position while I rubbed her clit with my fingers. Her boyfriend was long gone, but it’s not like we even really noticed his absence, LOL! Her pussy was so warm and so tight around my cock. I could also feel her pussy walls pulsing wetly against my cock inside of her body.   The horny girl flipped over giving me a view of her round bubble butt and I played with her tight ass while she rode my dick in reverse cowgirl. By the time her boyfriend came back, probably thinking we were done, his slutty girlfriend was still bouncing on my cock and wasn’t thinking of getting off at all! The dude was livid, but she was just having too much fun getting her tight cunt fucked so hard in public by a total stranger and in front of her boyfriend. Even when he started filming her in an attempt to make her stop, it only got her even hotter and wanting more non-boyfriend cock in her! At the end he watched his girlfriend take loads of cum on her face. I shot load after load all over her face and open mouth and her boyfriend filmed it.