This sexy chick is spending the evening with her hot lesbian girlfriend, making some pop corn in the kitchen, both of them wearing sexy tips and cotton panties. While she waits for the popcorn to pop, her friend gets behind her, sensually massaging her shoulders while kissing her neck. The popcorn may not be popping yet, but she is. She starts making out with her girlfriend, kissing her wet lips and pushing her tongue inside her mouth while grabbing her meaty ass with her hands, groping it and slapping her butt cheeks. The popcorn is ready, so the girls put it in a bowl and sit down to watch a movie together. However, both the popcorn and the movie can wait, they’re in the mood for some pussy now. The lesbians spread their legs and rub each other’s pussies over their panties. Her friend slides her fingers under her cotton panties and begins fingering her gushing cunt with them. After some mutual masturbation the girls take their panties off and one of the girls slides down on her back with her legs spread wide open while her lesbian girlfriend slides down her body, diving between her legs so she can eat her out. She enjoys shoving her tongue between her pussy lips and tasting the juices flowing from her slit. She is trembling all over from how passionately her girlfriend is fucking her pussy with her tongue, she licks her slit, kissing it all over, nibbling at her clit. Not only does she eat her snatch, she also enjoys tossing her salad, licking her tender little asshole and making her squirm. After licking and sucking her clit hard she tells her girlfriend to sit on her face and rub her wet pussy lips all over her face. She lies on her back and her girlfriend sits on her face, pressing her pussy against her mouth so she can continue eating her out. The lesbians switch positions so she can ride on her girlfriend’s face too, feeling her delicious tongue wiggling inside her cunt and making her gush. The naked girls try out tribbing, rubbing their pussies and clits against each other as they rock back and forth. The girls are moaning into each other’s mouth, starve for air, their bodies shaking as they hump into each other. Both girls spend the evening giving each other orgasms. 