My girlfriend invited me over one day claiming that she’s got something very special for me. I came over and she told me to lay naked on the bed. My babe comes into the room wearing the sexiest white underwear which made her look extremely hot. I got extremely horny when she said that I could finally cum inside her little pussy. The sexiest girl in the world got on top of me and started rubbing my dick against her panties, which she took off after a couple of minutes. She started rubbing my glans against her pussy and I could see how she’s getting more and more excited. She kept teasing me by rubbing the head of my cock between her labia lips, rubbing her clit against my throbbing erection. Then she told me to get up and started sucking my dick with her knees on the floor. That felt unbelievable and she was swallowing it and shoving it really deep inside her throat. Couldn’t take it anymore, so I got her on the bed and started fucking her little pussy with her legs spread wide. This time I didn’t have to constrain myself from coming and came inside her little snatch after just a couple of minutes. That felt amazing and it was probably one of the best feelings I ever had in my life. I pulled out leaving a huge creampie in her cunt. My hot naked girlfriend spread her legs wide to see my creampie leaking out of her pussy. My cock twitched with renewed excitement as I watched my hot girlfriend reach her hand down to her flooded vagina, dipping her fingers into her puffy, cum-coated pussy lips, scooping up dollops of my thick semen. I felt more than horny and just kept going towards the second orgasm. I fucked that little pussy with that cum dripping from her pussy all over the bed. “You make me so fucking horny” I bent her over and started pounding that pussy that was a mess form all the cum that was surrounding it. She going crazy feeling hot, hard, slick dick being pushed and pulled in and out of her, feeling my hot cum leaking out of her pussy over her thighs. “Yes, yes, cum in my pussy… Cum in me, pleeease!… I want your cum deep inside me. Oooh fuck, fuck, fuuuuck!” As my throbbing cock spurted rope after powerful rope of thick seed into her womb, she achieved the strongest orgasm.   My little cumslut loved how her pussy felt and all that liquid that filled her up. She then got on top of me and started riding my cock the best she had ever ridden it. Her little cunt was getting more and hot and I approached the second orgasm very fast. After I came inside her one more time, her pussy was completely full and the cum was all over the place. She screamed and moaned as I pushed that cum inside her deeper and deeper. One more cumload was dribbling out of her well-fucked pussy, coating her labia in my creamy seed, trickling down her shapely thighs and pooling into a gooey puddle on the bed between her legs. She was truly fulfilled. I still don’t understand how I can produce so much cum. The thick gooey liquid kept leaking out between our bodies as we continued to thrust against each other like a couple of mating animals. My hot blonde girlfriend then got on top of me, cum was dripping down her slit. Smiling at me, she slid down her body and started riding me with her tits just above me. I realized just how much I loved this fantastic creature that was my girlfriend. That’s when she came and we were both more than satisfied.