This breath taking brunette cougar has exercised really hard today, and after a tough leg workout, her ass is tight and sore from all the exercise, so she goes to her personal masseur for a rubdown. He starts rubbing, kneading and massaging her perfect ass, but it looks like the cougar’s not really satisfied with his work today, so he decides to take it up a notch and give this bitch one of his special butt massages that will surely take the soreness from her ass! He pours baby oil all over her juicy booty covered by her yoga pants and rips them at the crotch, exposing her tight asshole and tender snatch as he spreads her ass cheeks with his hands and gets to work. Feelings his oily hands all over her slippery ass and his fingers stimulating her asshole make her moan and grunt, squirming as he drives his thumb into her asshole, stretching her anal sphincter. The MILF melts like pudding in his hands, getting down on her hands and knees so he can lick her asshole. His slick tongue explores her chocolate starfish and pushes its way into her anal funnel. She can already feel the soreness leaving her ass while her masseur tosses her salad. Finally, he pushes his big hard cock into the cougar’s ass, burying it all the way down to the balls and giving her a hard anal pounding against the massage table. The hot naked woman gets sideways and feels that big cock stuffing her ass while she rubs her gushing cunt. She lies on her back and spreads her legs wide open, still rubbing her cunt while he anally plows her in missionary position and gropes her big tits. She really loves the feeling of stretching her ass out. He fully slides his dick into her ass and her tight hole envelopes him. It doesn’t take long before her perfect body is convulsing with an orgasm, as her ass clenches even tighter around his cock.   Warm, sensual, beautiful exstatic bliss, what an irresistible woman. The HOT cock hungry bitch straddles herself on top, her asshole impaled on his meat sword and anally riding her masseur in cowgirl position. Her anus grips his cock, she is on the verge of another anal orgasm as he slides in and out of her ass. I love reverse cowgirl anal scene, those types of scenes really show the beauty of a woman’s butt and the jiggling with that position is super hot! He grabs her hands and ass, holding her still while drilling her butthole, stretching it out with his thick rod. The naked woman lies on her back and lets her head dangle over the edge of the massage table so she can suck his cock and taste her asshole on it. She massages his balls while sucking his dick on all fours, ready for his cum. This is exactly what her sore ass needed so bad! Lisa Ann is an amazing woman – wow, so sexy and beautifull.