Yes, this dude is a nerd but has the biggest dick in the class, and one more girl decided to ask him to help her with her math and seduce him! She lies on her back with her legs raised, she was wearing no panties at all, her bald pussy is so beautiful that the nerd can’t help fingering her tight slit. He strips her fully naked while she massages the huge bulge throbbing under his jeans, pitching a massive tent underneath them. He fondles her small breasts while kissing her lips, pushing his tongue inside her wet mouth. The teen girl gets on her knees, unzipping his pants and her jaw drops to the floor when she gets her first look at that monster cock, already fully erect and throbbing hard in front of her face. He passes it all over her cute face and she pops it in her mouth so she can suck and stroke it. For her it is the best pleasure to feel his cock in her mouth. He is long, hard and pulsing and he begins thrusting up and down, fucking her little month. She has never sucked such a large cock before; much less got fucked by one. She can’t wait for it to happen. The teen girl wants this nerdy dude to stretch her pussy out with his monster dick. Thick ropes of saliva drip from the sides of her lips and down her chin as she deep throats that gargantuan boner. He puts her in bed sideways and gets behind her, rubbing her slit with his huge dick before ramming it deep inside her tight snatch and impaling her on it. She is so incredibly gorgeous and her pussy is amazing. She rubs her muff while feeling his cock stretching her pussy out. The young naked girl squats on top of him so she can take a wild ride on his monster dick. She feels like her eyes are going to bulge out of her head as she accepts him all, moaning loudly. So nice, so hot, so nasty, incredible petite girl. He puts her down on her hands and knees and fucks her hard doggy style from behind, then upside down in a piledriver position, with her legs spread apart, making the teen slut gasp for breath as she gets ready for a monster cum load from his monster cock! 