One of my sexy friends, a cute brown eyed brunette, invited me over to her place to practice some yoga together. She bent over, spanking her cute little ass and wiggling it, pulling her shorts down, spreading her butt cheeks with her hands so I could take a good look at her tight little asshole and pink pussy burger. Her snatch was clean-shaven and my mouth was watering as she bit her lips and looked at me with those beautiful big brown eyes. Totally naked, she started showing me some of her nude yoga poses and stances, flexing her hot body and making my cock throb under my pants. When the little slut saw my hard-on and said she never sucked a big dick, I whipped it out so she could scrap that one off her bucket list, LOL! She took it in her hands, admiring how big and hard it was, pressing it against her pretty face to compare the size before popping it inside her wet mouth and giving me a hot blowjob. Holding it firmly at the base with both hands, she sucked the tip and made her way down my long shaft. “Your dick is stretching out my mouth so good…” she exclaimed with a dirty look on her face. She is so sexy and looks like the identical twin of Sonam Kapoor. Her eyes rolled back in her head when I pushed my dick down her throat. The naked girl slobbered it with spit and jerked it with both hands, slapping it against her face while giggling. She played with her pussy, stretching it out with her fingers, trying to get it ready for my big hard cock. She bent over while standing and spread her pink pussy lips. I rub her slit and teased her clit with the head of my cock. “Put it in me,” she begged. “Don’t tease me. Put it in,” she said again and I slowly pushed my hard cock inside her tight cunt, letting it slide inside her inch by inch. I could feel her squirming as I made my way in, stretching her little hole out. Holding her by that cute ass, I pounded her hard from behind as she grabbed on to the couch, moaning and grunting with satisfaction and having such a big dick ramming her plump cunt. I fucked my friend as fast and as hard and as deep as I could. Emily has a great smile, tight body, perky butt, and is a proud adorable member of the itty bitty titty committee! I straddled her on top, putting her into a split and making her bounce up and down on my cock, riding me in cowgirl position. I loved the way the little whore spread her butt cheeks with her hands so my cock to go even deeper inside her gushing cunt. I fucked her in the wheel barrow position, her legs wrapped around my waist and ready to fill her with cum.   Tiny 18 year old sluts never ever imagined their tiny mouths, tight pussies and assholes would be getting stretched wide open and pounded so hard! These young teen girls just can’t believe the massive size of the throbbing members about to stretch their little pussies. Download more amazing teen porn scenes with the smallest girls sucking, choking and gagging on massive cocks, drooling all over them as they get their pussies and asses filled with hard cock meat, begging their lovers not to break them as they fuck them the hardest they have ever been fucked!