These two gorgeous maids in their sexy uniforms come into this guy’s hotel room and start cleaning up, picking up his dirty clothes from the floor and making his bed. When he comes into the room, he sees one of the maids and as she gets down on all fours to make his bed, he can see her skirt hiking up and showing her sexy ass in cotton panties. He goes to the bathroom so he can shower while she finishes off, and her partner comes in with towels. Not knowing the bathroom is occupied, the girl opens the door and sees the guest jerking off in the shower. His cock is so big and it’s so hard as he strokes it under the hot water. She calls her friend over so she can take a look too. The maids decide to join him in the shower, going topless and entering the bathroom hand in hand. The naughty girls get down on their knees and give him a hand with his boner, sucking and stroking it together and sucking and licking his balls too. The girls keep complimenting him on how huge his cock is as they share it and play with it. He lets the maids feast on his dick and balls for a long while, taking it all in. The sexy latina maid strips naked first and he plays with her hot ass while the youngest keeps sucking his dick. Wow. Incredible scene with two incredible women. They go to the room and he lies on the bed, with the older maid riding on his dick and her young teen friend sitting on his face so he can fuck her gushing cunt with his tongue. You can imagine what a pleasure it is to eat one pussy and fuck the other at the same time! The naked girls switch positions and the young maid straddles herself on his lap and pushes his huge dick inside her teen cunt, riding him in reverse cowgirl position while her friend gets her pussy eaten out.   The young naked girl literally fucks his dick with her pussy, slamming herself all the way down, crying out at the feeling of his hard cock sliding all the way inside of her, moving her hips in slow small circles and grinding her clit against him. Then the teen slut spreads her legs so her friend can eat her out while down on her hands and knees and getting fucked doggy style from behind by the guest. The sexy maid can’t stop twerking her sexy ass, awesome! He pounds her from behind and slaps her meaty ass and moves on to her friend, spreading her legs wide open and banging her in missionary position while she watches and touches herself. The dude gives these hot naked maids something else to clean up as he cums all over their pretty faces! This guy will definitely recommend this hotel based on the awesome room service provided by its naughty maids! I got to check into this hotel! Where is it located! I hope the dude gave it high marks on Yelp!