This sexy babe is on her way to a special event one of her clients has invited her to. When she gets there, she is surprised to see a group of smoking hot men and women performing a live reenactment of the last supper… with a very special twist! A hot blonde greets her with a passionate kiss on the lips while a second blonde gets behind her, kissing her lips and shoulders. She sits in the middle of the table and watches the naked men and women making out, realizing she is in the middle of a last supper orgy! All around her, naked women and men kiss and caress. Girls are eating each other out and they are getting fucked very hard by the guys and the sexy babe’s pussy is gushing with excitement as she watches the sex orgy unfolding before her eyes. A beautiful black girl is being spit roasted by two men, sucking and stroking cock while getting fucked and two beautiful lesbian girls 69 each other, licking and finger banging their cunts. More naked girls team up so they can suck a huge cock together, swapping kisses and exchanging precum and saliva as they do so. She finds herself getting naked and cavorting with the rest of the guests. She loves being kissed by so many mouths and caressed by so many hands at the same time, having hot lesbian sex with anonymous women while she gets her pussy pounded so hard by equally anonymous cocks. She doesn’t know anybody in this last supper orgy, yet she feels so familiar and close to them as she gets fucked by each and every one of the dinner guests! Some girls double-teaming some lucky cock, one more woman jumps in to triple-team that cock. Down on her hands and knees, a black stud fucks her doggy style from behind with his massive black cock while the hot blonde who greeted her makes out with her. Hot, naked, sweaty bodies cavort and fuck all over the long table. She watches naked women riding big hard cocks, sucking throbbing erections and pushing their juicy butts back up against meaty sausages and her mouth waters.   Beautiful lesbian girls trib, rubbing their cunts together and she wants to try every single plate served in this hardcore sex orgy! She kisses, touches, sucks, strokes, licks, moans and grunts as she gets passed from hand to hand and cock to cock! She loves to act like a slut and she wants to watch other men fuck her and she wants to see the guys cum all over her when she has a huge orgasm. “Mmmmmm give me more!! I want more cum!”, she moans as more cum gets shot on her face into her open mouth. They cum all over fer face. Black and white cocks being stroked hard on either side of her face ejaculate at the same time as she has her mouth wide open. Spunk covering her face all over, blast after blast, it drips down her cheeks onto her tits dripping down to her hard nipples. This will be an instant CLASSIC group sex scene! This will be a historical scene in Porn industry… VIXEN is breaking records and pushing boundaries…