This girl was out running one day, and it was so hot that she even popped her tits out while running but nothing helped. The heat was so unbearable that she was looking for any way possible to cool herself down. After running for a while, the teen slut spotted a pool nearby and decided to take a risk and swim in it. She got there, got completely naked at immersed herself into the cold and refreshing water. Suddenly, the owner comes home and finds her naked in the pool. The naked girl got caught in the act with her tits, ass and pussy completely exposed. She apologized for the inconvenience and offered the dude to punish her. He knew exactly what that girl wanted, and the girl came close to him and pulled his big dick out. She couldn’t believe how big his dick is but she started sucking his giant prick and enjoying each lick that she did. The man got hornier by the minute and kept stuffing her throat with his prick very hard. She had never had such an experience before. The girl wanted to take him inside and let him do whatever he wants to her. They both went inside, and she threw him on the couch, got on top of him and impaled herself on his monster dick, all the way down until he was balls deep inside her little pussy. The young naked girl started riding his cock with her incredible round ass facing him. His hands held her under her buttocks and moved her up and down as she slid on the huge meat. He could feel her warm juices coating his cock and running over his balls. The guy felt incredible, especially with that stunning round ass bouncing around all over the place. He slapped her butt cheeks very hard and the girl responded to it with moaning in an even more seductive way. He got up and started sticking his huge dick between her sexy round tits. They went back to bed, he lifted one of her legs in the air and started fucking her pussy with all the energy he had, looking at her tender, young body. He began to pick up pace and she wanted to scream.   He fucked her pussy deep and hard, pounding her again and again, pulling out and then going balls deep into her body. He grabbed one of her legs with one hand and squeezed her tits with another. The girl got back on the saddle and enjoyed riding his cock a bit longer. She closed her eyes and let herself absorb each sensation that she was feeling complete. Her juices were flowing as her pussy being fucked by the massive rod. His raging cock was going deeper and deeper inside her bald pussy, up until the moment when he felt the incredible need to spread her legs and tease her pussy with his tongue. The man was ready for his last position, so he spread her legs once more and started pounding her cunt very hard. He kept on pounding that little slut until he simply had to pull his dick out and come all over her amazing round little tits. She licked and swallowed all cum from her body.