My girlfriend started taking Arabic dance lessons and that kind of dancing turns me on. Today, she wore those sexy robes and started to make me crazy with all the things she can do with her body. She especially likes teasing me without letting me touch her body while she does it, nor she lets me take my cock out of my pants. I just sit there and feel that my dick is going to explode when she kept dancing with her naked ass and pussy in front of my face. Luckily, she had mercy, came close to me and started rubbing her amazing butt against my erect cock. I couldn’t wait any longer so I threw her on the couch and started licking her pussy to make her as horny as I was. I slid my hands under her butt and lifted her pussy to my mouth, first kissing it softly, and then licking between her lips, swirling my tongue over her swollen clit. He cunt was getting warmer and wetter as I was licking her little pussy. My hot babe then got on her feet and back on her knees again and began incredibly blowing me. Her cute little face was staring at me as her mouth have me so much pleasure. She would occasionally go down and start licking my balls so and putting them in her mouth. It was time for some penetration. I put her on the couch, spread her legs and slid my hard dick between her wet pussy lips. I began pounding her little pussy with all the strength I have. She started to moan in an amazing way that made me horny as hell. I lifted on her legs and fucked her while she rolled her eyes from the pleasure.   She wanted to fuck me too, so she got on top of me and started to jump on my dick with her hands on my chest. That felt amazing since her pussy was twisting my cock and doing all kinds of things to it. My hot blonde GF was changing the position of her body which stimulated my cock and brought me very close to coming. I felt incredible and wanted to take over the control again. I got up, grabbed both of her hands and started fucking her in a crazy doggy style. Her lips were swollen and her juices were beginning to flow. She began screaming very loud as my cock was drilling her deeper and deeper. She grabbed her ass and enjoyed squeezing her tits while I pounded my way to an orgasm. Her body was so amazing that I kept imagining spreading my cum all over it. But, when the time came, I stuffed her mouth with my dick and shot a load of cum into it. My little slut started to blow little bubbles of cum from between her lips!