I was abroad one weekend on a business trip, and I had one free night I decided to use well. I went to this bar and out of all the girls in there, I liked the bartender the most. That woman is incredible, and I spotted her big round ass instantly. I wondered about the way in which I could take her home, and thought of the simplest one. I came close to her and offered her 200 euros so that she shows me that stunning ass. She hesitated but agreed at last, so she went behind the counter and showed me that incredible round thing. I got so horny that I was ready to give her as much money as she wants for a nice fuck. I offered a couple of thousands of euros and she was finally in. I got excited as she decided to give me some pussy, so went a bit further from the counter and went in the back. The insatiable hot girl got down and started to blow me incredibly. She opened her mouth wide and wanted to make my money investment worthwhile. I started shoving it deep inside her throat and I could see as her heart was beating faster and as her breathing gets heavy. It was time for me to go inside this amazing babe, so I went behind her, grabbed her amazing round ass and moved my hot throbbing erection between her ass cheeks. The head of my prick touched her warm, moist vaginal lips it was amazing. Her pussy was tight and I had to press firmly to enter her slit. I started pounding her hard from behind. I spanked and grabbed her butt cheeks and enjoyed hearing her moan and scream from the intensity of the fuck. He ass looked so amazing that it took a lot of effort not to come too early. The girl decided to lead the way for a while, so she got on top of me and started bouncing on my dick at high speed. Her pussy was burning hot as the hot babe was sliding up and down on my schlong.   I stimulated her asshole with my fingers and noticed that she likes that a lot. That’s when I decided to take over the control once again and fuck her for all the money I gave her. I pulled her gorgeous tits out from her t-short and squeezed them as my cock was penetrating her harder and harder. The chick rubbed her pussy and went for her second orgasm. I pounded her hard and the horny bartender was now screaming without being afraid that someone might hear us. The sexy naked babe was having such a good time that she forgot that I paid her. I kept pounding her while staring at her slutty face and kept waiting for a moment when I would decorate her face with my cum. I grabbed both of her tits as to support myself and started fucking her in the last and fastest pace. The sight of her amazing breasts, her beautiful bald pussy and my cock sliding between her pussy lips was something incredible. After a couple of minutes, I pulled it out and gave her all the cum I had. That cum looked amazing on her cutr face and her breasts. 