Forget about no nut November! Ravishing redhead doll Madison is too glam for jail and is having a hard time adjusting to life without her high-end beauty products. She needs her attorney to do something about it, pressing her big tits against the glass panel separating them in the visiting room to see if this will get him to help her. The hot babe begs her lawyer supply her with face cream, and loses it when he declines. She calms down and the officer escorts her back to her cell. Before he leaves, she begs him to get her some face cream. She knows that’s not entirely true, she knows for a fact he has lots of cream she can use for her facial, she just has to get it herself! She reaches over and massages his bulge over his slacks, getting down on her knees and grabbing his rock hard cock so she can suck and stroke it. His big bulging balls are filled with hot cream that will work wonders for her dry skin once applied as a facial. The hot babe blows his dick through the prison bars, lifting it so she can pass her tongue from his balls and all along his shaft until she reaches the tip of his cock, already glistening with precum. She deep throats his dick, choking on it and slobbering it with her drool. Then the girl pops her big jugs through the prison bars so the guard can suck on her perky nipples, wrapping them around one of the bars and massaging it as if it were his cock. Then the beautiful naked turns over, spreads her ass, inviting him to fuck her form behind.   She pushes her butt back up against his dick, burying it in her cunt and giving her sex through the prison bars. He joins her inside the cell, putting the dirty redhead slut down on her hands and knees and banging her pussy doggy style from behind. His balls are slapping so hard against her ass. What a beautiful, nasty slut! He’s going to make her earn that face cream by fucking her pussy and asshole in the nastiest positions. He gets on top of her, spitting all over her big tits and fucking them with his fat sausage. Then the naked babe sits on his dick and rides it in reverse cowgirl position, making her big tits bounce up and down. What a beautiful girl and I love the way she rides up and down his shaft. The sexy naked girl turns over and keeps riding him, grinding her sexy bubble butt on his lap. She keeps riding the officer until he gives her the creamiest facial cumshot she needed so bad! Now she has to rub his hot cum cum all over her breasts and her face.