It’s a sunny day and my petite blonde girlfriend showed up at the house ready to take a dip in the pool. Only problem is, she didn’t actually bring a swimsuit with her. Well, that’s not really a problem, is it? I help her put of her skimpy top and shorts and she is left in a tiny bra and thong. It’s just a matter of time before she manages to get totally naked as we play and frolic in the pool. Her tight, skinny, petite body just turns me on and makes my dick get so hard. My girlfriend is pure sexuality. I love her. She gets out of the water and lies on her back to soak up the sun and I help her out by pouring sun lotion all over her skin, her cute little butt and her smooth bald pussy, making it slick and slippery. I make her turn over and continue applying the oily lotion to her tits, her pussy mound and lips. Her naked body glistens under the sun and she takes me by the hand and guides me towards the shade underneath a tree, where we can have some more naughty fun without getting sun burnt. My naked girl gets down on her hands and knees and I sink my tongue into her wet pussy, eating her out from behind, making her squirm and grunt with pleasure. She wiggles her tiny butt for me and I admire her precious asshole just inches from my nose as I am eating her out. I hope you will like the POV footage there. Almost like virtual reality. You can almost taste her. I let my tongue wander up and toss her salad, tasting her delicious butthole. I flip her over and I continue snacking on her slit under the shade. I suck and kiss her snatch and taste the sweet fluids gushing from her pussy. My little babe gets down on her knees and pulls my trunks down and my big hard cock springs out, slapping her face as she takes it in her hands and begins sucking and stroking. She slaps my dick against her silky tongue and deep throats my boner all the way down to the base. My girlfriend is pretty good at doing blowjobs. I sit down and she straddles herself on top, lowering herself onto me, rubbing her wet slit against the head of my dick then impaling herself onto it.   My babe loves riding my cock in reverse cowgirl position, giving me an awesome view of her meaty bubble butt. I love the smacking noises her butt makes against my lap while I pump her pussy with dick meat in this position. She’s thin, thight & tiny, but what a wonderfully curvy ass she’s got. My petite blonde girlfriend flips over and keeps riding me in cowgirl, sweat running down her sexy oiled up body as we fuck. I put her on her back and I spread her legs wide open, penetrating and fucking her lovely pysst in missionary position. With a truly gorgeous body! Then I put her down on her hands and knees, jutting her bubbly butt up and getting fucked doggy style from behind, seeing her tight asshole contracting with every thrust of my big hard cock up her tight cunt. I wonder if any of the neighbors might be watching us fucking in the yard, I bet they would love to be in my spot! Nothing is better than cumming all over her cute face, watching cum shoot from my cock and land on to her tongue into her mouth!