My friends are always pulling off these crazy stunts and having these wild adventures and I love tagging along. This time, they decided to break into a house. After opening one of the windows, my friend helped his girl get inside, and as she squatted over the windowsill, he lifted up her skimpy plaid miniskirt, pulling her panties to the side, spreading her butt cheeks with his hands and rimming her asshole! Man, I couldn’t believe what I was seeing! His hot girlfriend didn’t mind and he licked her ass crack and played with her asshole using his tongue. I had never seen him like that before! They finally made it inside and continued making out like crazy. The slut got on her knees, unzipped his pants, grabbed his big hard cock and began sucking and stroking it. He grabbed her head and held it still while fucking her mouth. She deep throated his dick all the way down to the balls and choked on it. Then she sucked on his balls and kept eating his cock. The drool was dripping down her chin and splattering on her tits, so fucking hot. I guess breaking and entering gets them really hot and horny. They were almost about to start fucking when the owner of the house came back! We scrambled and hid behind the kitchen counter. My buddy had his girl down on her hands and knees and was eating her asshole and she sucked his dick when we heard the owner coming into the kitchen! I thought we were gonna get caught, but the guy turned around and left! I was sure my friends were ready to leave after such a close call, but I was in shock when they began sneakily fucking right there! I couldn’t fucking believe it!   The crazy slut was straddled on top and riding his dick in reverse cowgirl position while grabbing on to the counter top. The guy could still be in the house and come back in any moment, but they were just too turned on feeding off the adrenaline of risking getting caught. Part of me wanted to leave, but I was too turned on watching them fuck too! He put his naked girlfriend over the kitchen counter, spreading her legs and ramming his cock deep inside her gushing pussy while making out with her, pushing his tongue in her mouth. He had one of her legs over his shoulder and was squeezing her tits like ripe grapefruits, turning her over and nailing her against the kitchen counter. We heard the owner coming back to the kitchen and ran upstairs, all the way to the guy’s bedroom where my friend lied down on the floor next to the bed. The girl got on top and rode his big cock in cowgirl position. Down on her belly on the bed she got her mouth fucked by my buddy’s dick. She rode it, making her sexy ass twerk on his lap, arching her body back and cumming while screaming at the top of her lungs! What a show! The sexy naked girl kept working her ass up on his dick in a circular motion. We narrowly managed to get out without being caught!