After staying single for quite some time, my best buddy got himself a new girlfriend, and she was so damn sexy, he just couldn’t wait to invite me over to his place to take a look at her. Man, she was so fucking hot! A spunky little slut in a tight crop top and miniskirt, with cotton socks and sneakers. She was more than happy to let her boyfriend show her off to his best buddy and man, lifting her tops and showing off her titties. I was getting quite the show… and my friend was getting quite a boner too! The young slut started massaging it over his pants and got down on her knees, pulling my friend’s pants and boxers down and grabbing his big fat cock in her small hands, sucking and stroking it right in front of me! She looked at him with those big brown eyes while slurping on his meaty sausage and gave me some dirty looks too, while deepthroating my buddy’s member until it made her choke and gag. My friend grabbed her by the back of her neck and pushed her face against his crotch, fucking her mouth. She lifted his dick and paid some attention to his big balls, licking and sucking them too. Then he took her face with both hands and kept fucking her mouth, ramming his dick down her throat. He lifted the tiny girl over his shoulders and placed her upside down so she could suck his cock while he played with her ass. Watching her gag on his cock upside down was quite a thrill. He put her back on her feet and took off her thong. He lifted her leg and rammed his big dick deep inside her gushing cunt with one thrust, deep into her, pressing her hot body against him while banging his girlfriend in standing position. It was hard to believe it fit inside her little pussy. The girl rubbed her clit while getting pounded hard by him, talking dirty to my friend. Cradled in his arms, he lifted her in the air and fucked her so hard.   The hot teen held on tight to his neck, just dangling as he stuffed her with cock meat. He lied down on the floor and she sat on top, riding his dick while taking off her clothes. Her juicy bubble butt looked incredible straddled on my pal while riding him in cowgirl and in reverse. He grabbed her waist with both hands as he drove his cock into her again and again, harder into her soaked pussy. He put the young naked girl down on her hands and knees and started spinning in circles while pounding her wet muff doggy style from on top of her, now that was fucking wild! Then he pounded her from behind, holding her wrists behind the small of her back and just throttling at her dripping wet pussy, giving her all the hard cock she could take and then some. He fucked her so hard that she couldn’t sit down the whole day. I was jealous he was the one who would get to cum all over her, but still, I’m happy my friend has a girlfriend and I get to watch them fuck!