This sexy brunette teen schoolgirl has been flunking her grades, so they set her up with a strict tutor to help her study and get her grades back on track. He leaves her a reading assignment and a 300 word essay after she’s done. When he comes back to check on her progress, he catches her making silly doodles of him, calling him a dick head. He decides it’s time for this bitch to get an attitude adjustment. He places the naughty schoolgirl over his knees, hikes up her skirt and pulls down her sexy thong, exposing her meaty bubble shaped butt. He grabs a thick boon and begins spanking her bare ass and much to his surprise, she’s getting turned on by it. She starts to only laugh and gets pleasure from this. He fondles and gropes her body and tits over her schoolgirl uniform and she spreads her legs and massages her wet cunt. He takes things to the next level and begins to grope her and fiddle with her pussy, trying to pull off her cum soaked panties. The pervy tutor roughly shoves his hand under her shirt, under her bra, and only feeding off of her moans of protest begins to grope her. At first the teen girl tries to resist him, but then she realises this has been a fantasy of hers. He pulls down his pants and the little slut strokes his rock hard cock with a big smile on her face. She spits all over the tip of his dick and begins sucking it. She continues playing with her wet pussy lips and fingering her slit while sucking on her tutor’s big cock. He jerks his cock while the half naked young schoolgirl sucks on his balls and looks lovingly into his eyes. His cock is so big and she can’t resist a man that knows how to discipline her the way her tutor does. He slaps his cock against her face before making her get on her back on the desk and spread her legs wide open for him. He spreads her butt cheeks and sinks his tongue into her tight asshole, rimming her and making his way up so he can also lick her gushing slit.   After eating her out, he makes the teenage girl bend over the desk, hike up her school dress and pushes his hard dick deep inside the slut’s tight cunt, banging her hard from behind against the desk. I’m really into this girl, she is SO hot and amazingly beautiful! This is the kind of punishment she had been longing for. The young naked girl pushes her juicy bubble butt back up against the tutor’s cock, begging him to keep fucking her hard and promising to improve her grades and study harder, as hard as he’s willing to fuck her. He puts her over the desk and fucks her in missionary position, slamming his big dick balls deep into her little pussy. She keeps sucking his cock on her knees and he puts her over the desk and keeps fucking her from behind until she’s learned the lesson, being covered in his warm yet educated semen. I think this is one of my favorite sites because they have all these young girls that look like they wouldn’t know what to do with a dick only to turn into depraved little jizz-bunnies once the camera starts