So my stepdaughter caught me watching some porn, and naturally, being as curious as she is, she decided that she should join me on my little pornographic adventure. Soon enough she got really excited from watching this blonde woman sucking on a thick white cock, so obviously, she wanted to suck on a thick cock as well. My little slut started rubbing her tight wet pussy for me and soon enough she decided that she couldn’t back any longer. This happened when she saw that I was masturbating as well, with my dick out, obviously. She couldn’t help taking it with her hands, sucking on it and stroking it passionately. She licked it and licked it over and over and trying to swallow it completely. This was one of the sloppiest blowjobs I ever received. Lots of spit all over my hard, throbbing cock. she then moved on to stroking my cock with both of her hands, going harder and harder as time went by. Later I ended up finding her alone in her bedroom where she was laying around with her legs spread and so I had to feel up on her pussy. Soon I started feeling her titties out as well, and as soon as I gave her pussy a few lovely touches, she was going nuts for my cock. I climbed on the bed and put my cock inside her mouth. I kept fucking it for a little while and I decided that I truly needed more, so I headed back for her legs, I spread them once more and put the head of my cock between her wet pussy lips. I rubbed her clit with the tip of my cock and then it slipped into her pussy! Her young pussy felt amazing! I started jamming my cock inside of my step-daughter slowly but passionately. Occasionally I would pull my cock out only to tease her a little since I won’t let her have everything she wants that easy. Did I mention that she was on the phone during the entire time? I tried to take her bra off while we were having sex but I didn’t manage to do it. She hung up for a second but then she rang the phone once more and I just kept fucking her tight wet love hole with my vascular cock because I couldn’t really stop at this point. I bent my naked girl over and she spread her cute cheeks for me and let me use her love hole. I kept going slowly but every hit of my cock was strong. Soon enough I would have to lube her up a little with my spit and I had to pin her down so that I could fuck her harder, and faster. Later I decided to lay down so that she could ride up on my cock with her tight pussy. I’d also move my hips occasionally to make sure that she feels my cock up properly with her insides. She kept bouncing on the cock for a few minutes all while maintaining eye contact with me and moaning loudly.   My stepdad thinks I do not know what he does on his laptop, but I do. There’s no need to trying to hide the porn sites. I know what you’re viewing and wanking often, You poor stud not longer allowed to fuck mom since some time, after she caught you watching young juicy bitches, preferably with intim jewelry – like I discovered, as I watched you secretly and wherefore I had got my nipples pierced. You’ve watched me also since a time secretly when we moved into your house, and I know you want me badly as I spotted your hardon. Oh, you become so nervous, when I’m under the shower and later dance thru the house, wearing only in my short kimono which barely covers my ass and my perky stiff nipples poking thru the satin fabric. Than I let your desire to fuck me become almost unbearable, when I bend down presenting my bare ass and pussy to you. A few weeks ago I peeped you again under the shower and saw that you’ve got a big Apadravya thru your glans. Once I got my first piercings, I’m totally hooked on and meanwhile having 4mm jewelry in my nipples, so I went further and my latest additions are a pair of 6mm rings in my inner pussy lips and smaller ring in my clit. Daddy’s little girl wants your big hard cock. I’ll promise not to tell mom, if you’ll in future fuck all my holes and regardless in which, you’ll always come with a lot of cum inside me.