Adriana’s boyfriend had a hard time keeping her under control. She’s just such a horny flirt! The new neighbor couldn’t help checking her out. She is so damn pretty and turns every cock she encounters into stone. Can it get any better? She had perfect legs, exquisite round butt, great tits, and such a slutty face. His cock got hard from the minute he saw her, but he wasn’t planning on doing anything about it since she’s got a boyfriend. The sexy girl noticed the way he was staring at him and decided to have some fun with him. The slut began checking him out, came close to him and uttered that she wants him to fuck her ass. He got very surprised and told her that he had second thoughts about the whole thing. All it took to persuade him is to put her hand on his swell cock. He incredible brunette was so open and free that he found himself completely in her control. She pulled his huge cock out and put on the biggest smile when she saw how huge that thing was. She made such a sigh of pure pleasure once that cock found itself inside her little mouth. The little bitch loved it and sucked it in an amazing way he most certainly enjoyed a lot. He just couldn’t wait any longer and wanted to make her wish to fuck her ass come true. He came behind her and started drilling her butt with a great strength. The girl began enjoying this fuck as the most intense thing that happened to her in her whole life. When her boyfriend sensed the new neighbor was up to no good, he decided to finally put a ring on her finger. Only he didn’t realize his darling was in the middle of getting fucked in the ass by the neighbor! The man had another thing coming, so he spread her legs and started licking her little pussy to make her super horny. She enjoyed it so much that she could wait for him to come close to her and continue drilling her fucking pussy with that huge schlong. She screamed from the top of her lounges once he began drilling her very hard. The sexy babe started sucking him once again and her spit falls all over his huge cock.   The slut deep throated it and enjoyed getting it ready for her to get on it and ride like a little cowgirl. The crazy slut got on top of him and began bouncing on that cock while he grabbed her incredible butt cheeks. He also used one of his hands to rub her pussy while his cock was making its way inside the insides of her butt. He then laid her down again and fucked her ass while she was holding her legs up in the air. He did his best to pound her harder and harder and she encouraged him with all the moaning and screaming that she did and even squirted all over him. He then grabbed her legs, put them both on his shoulders and headed straight to victory. He bent her over and fingered her little cunt until she squirted all over the place again, having one squirting orgasm after another. Juices squirted out of her cunt as she contracted her ass muscles around his cock and the warm drops fell on her sexy face too. omg!!! Superb Performance! He then got on top of her and began pounding her ass so hard that he gave her the juiciest cumshot when he came all over her face.