I just love the way my new girlfriend looks. That body of hers always leaves me speechless, and with a big hard-on. I love sneaking up to her bathroom while she’s bathing and watching that soft, wet body and the way she plays with her dazzling tits. I stand there and enjoy the beautiful scenery, and this one day, I came to her bathroom and she got a bit shocked when she turned around and saw me standing there with my hard dick in my hand. My sexy naked brunette started fondling her tits since she knows that’s my favorite thing in the world. They were so big, round and wet and each stroke she did with her arms made me stroke my cock faster. She told me to move closer to her, grabbed my dick and wrapped those sexy lips around it. After a while, she was gagging on my cock and feeling incredible. She got me so horny that I couldn’t wait to have my cock inside her warm and wet cunt fast. I wanted to fuck her in the doggy style position, so I told her to come outside the tub, turned her around and fucked her little pussy from behind as hard as I could. Every time I pushed into her cunt she would shiver with pleasure. Her ass got all read from all the pounding and slapping, and after a while, she wanted to have her own word. She took me to her bedroom where she can get on top of my cock and ride with at a great speed. Her big naturals tits were bouncing hypnotically. I grabbed them and squeezed as she rode my dick to oblivion. After a while, I grabbed one of her legs and began pounding her like a little slut that she is while grabbing her hair hard. I felt her pussy getting more and more wet and warm so I kept going towards the orgasm. She wanted my cock inside her throat again, so I shoved it deep inside it and she enjoyed it immensely. I then spread her legs and began pounding her pussy with those amazing breasts in front of my eyes. Also, her super-hot tits made me fuck her harder than ever. The bitch wanted my cock in her mouth once again and I granted her wish once more.   I loved the way she’s skillful with her tongue and no girl ever sucked me like that. She was licking my balls and stroking it fast with her eyes closed, feeling the complete ecstasy. I wanted to bang her from behind once more, so I bent her over and pounded her ass like it’s the last thing I’ll do. Those stunning butt cheeks made me go harder and faster with each passing moment. She was now screaming from the pleasure and was approaching orgasm at a great speed. Her tits were slapping against each other with every thrust. I was very close to coming, so I slowed my pace down just to fuck her a bit longer. After a while, I was finally ready to pull my dick out and spread my cum all over her. She quickly wrapped her lips around my spurting cock and I filled her mouth. My babe pulled me from her mouth because I had filled it and she just jerked the rest of my cum onto her huge stiff tits, covering her erect nipples.