These two lovely girls have decided to add an extra challenge to their regular yoga class: vibrating panties! Each one of the girls holds the remote control for the other’s vibrating panties and use them on each other while they practice their poses. The busty friend uses the remote on her friend while she’s doing her standing forward bend in front of their instructor, and makes her cum, gushing through her yoga pants as she experiences an intense squirting orgasm! This gives their instructor a huge erection, and he tries to leave before the girls notice, but the busty girl has already seen it. Hungry for cock, the slut grabs him, pulling him to the floor. Both girls stand around him, rubbing their cunts and squirting all over him. He can’t believe he’s getting sprayed with his students’ pussy juices. The crazy girls grab his big throbbing member and admire how big and hard it is. While the busty girl sucks and strokes it, her friend continues rubbing her cunt and spraying pussy juices all over them. The busty slut opens her mouth wide so she can swallow all those delicious squirt fluids flowing from her friend’s clam. While her friend devours the instructor’s prick, the busty slut pulls her big tits over her squirt soaked top and rubs them all over her friend’s head while the instructor places her in a headlock, pushing his cock down her throat and making her choke and gag on it. When she finally gets to pull out, thick ropes of saliva drip from her lips and down her chin, all over his cock and balls. The busty girl takes her place, swallowing that big fat sausage all the way down to the balls. She wraps her big tits around his cock and lets him fuck them while her friend spits all over his dick and her big melons. The naked girls both apply lots of spit to both his cock and her cleavage, making it all slippery and slick. The friend gets sandwiched between them, receiving the yoga instructor’s rock hard cock in her wet cunt from behind while her friend sucks on her puffy nipples.   The babe gets on her back with her busty friend down on her hands and knees on top of her, in a 69, getting her pussy licked and fucked at the same time. While the busty girl massages her pussy, she gets her asshole impaled on the instructor’s cock, riding him anally in cowgirl position and squirting all over him. The crazy slut does her standing forward bend again, drenched in pussy juice, squirting all over her instructor while she sucks and strokes his drenched cock and licks his squirt soaked balls. The busty girl rides on the instructor’s cock while eating out her friend’s delicious squirting pussy. Don’t miss all these female ejaculatory orgasms. Squirting is the absolute hottest thing in porn! These nasty nymphos get the dude right where they want him: in their pussies and asses and he offers up a huge load that the naked girls share all over their faces.