I still can’t believe I got to fuck the smallest girl with the tightest pussy ever, a spunky brunette slut I met a few days ago. Clean… well groomed, un-marred by ugly tattoos, perfectly proportioned, fit and well toned body, absolutely PERFECT breasts… proper make-up that accentuates rather than detracts… such a pleasing personality. She showed up in a pink tied down top and skimpy denim shorts and just started bouncing up and down on my couch looking so fucking hot and sexy. I could already envision her bouncing like that while impaled on my big fat dick! She was so eager to take a look at my cock, so I sat by her side and pulled it out. Man, the look on her face was priceless! Her eyes opened up so wide and her jaw almost dropped to the floor. I bet she had never ever seen a dick so fucking big and thick in her life! She took off her top and I grabbed her sexy little tits, firm and perky, with her nipples already rock hard and shooting up like tiny arrows. The young sexy girl stripped down to her white cotton panties. She was so small that I was able to lift her up and swing her over my shoulders with almost no effort at all. Putting her upside down, she grabbed my throbbing member in her tiny hands and began sucking on my dick. I let the little slut sit on the couch so she could keep playing with my dick without all the blood rushing to her head. The naked girl stroked it with both hands while sucking on the tip and I could feel her soft tongue swirling circles on the tip of my dick. She could barely fit half my cock in her tiny mouth, making me wonder how much her tight little pussy would be able to take. I wanted to fuck this tiny slut real bad, but I didn’t want to break her in half, LOL! She spit on my cock so she could lube it up and I bent her over the couch, peeling the panties down her thighs while she wiggled and twerked her cute little bubble butt. I slapped her butt cheeks, spread them wide open with my hands and got her pussy ready for my big dick by eating her out, giving her gushing slit a good licking.   I sat down and let her continue eating my cock some more while I fingered her wet snatch. Finally, the small naked girl straddled herself on top and I pushed my rock hard cock inside her tight cunt, stretching it out inch by inch until I had her riding me in reverse cowgirl position, reaching over and playing with her titties, her puffy nipples! Her tight pussy felt amazing! I felt her virgin like pussy grab around my cock like a vice grip. I spanked her cute ass while she twerked on my lap and flipped over, riding me in cowgirl position. I held her by her waist and pumped her with dick meat. She was taking a nice pussy stretching session! She turned arounf and I squeezed her meaty pussy lips between my fingers sliding them up and down her wet slit. I wanted to eat her lovely pussy out again and again, so smooth, bald, young pussy. I kept destroying her pussy while she tugged on her titties. I felt her little pussy quivering around my cock. She couldn’t keep her loud moans down as I fucked her with my huge cock, she begged me to blow my creamy load all over her and I finished her with a splash of man juice all over her cute face.