Three very horny college girls, a blonde, a brunette and a black haired doll, are playing beer pong in their dorm with some guy friends they invited over. The game gets interesting when the girls start to strip as they lose points. The black haired girl is the first to lose her top. Round by round, both guys and girls go taking off their clothes and when the first guy loses his boxers; his dick is already fully erect and throbbing hard like a rock! The second dude loses his briefs too, and of course, he has a massive hard-on as well. The two guys are standing in front of the naked girls with their man meats standing at attention. That is when the party really starts. The girls are getting very turned on with so many big fat cocks around them. The black haired girl starts making out with this dude and reaches over so she can hold his big dick in her hands. The closer her pussy gets to the tip of his cock the bigger both of their eyes get in anticipation of the collision of pleasure that is about to occur. The naked girl starts to lick it and pops it in her mouth so she can suck it while her friends watch. The girls join her, along with the other dude, sucking and stroking both their hard cocks. Since it’s just two cocks and three girls, they pass them around and share them. The blonde and brunette lie on their backs and spread their legs wide open so the guys can eat them out while their friend takes some sexy pictures and videos. The sexy naked blonde is the first one to get fucked, down on her hands and knees and taking cock doggy style from behind while the black haired girl sucks the other guy’s dick. Soon she’s getting fucked right next to her brunette friend, both of them taking cock in missionary position. Both girls are grunting and groaning as the guys pound their pussies with their hard cocks.   The third girl watches in amazement as the guys pound her roommates on her own bed. The blonde takes the brunette’s place, rubbing her wet cunt with her fingers while she gets her pussy filled with dick meat. The brunette is having a ball just watching her friends fuck while she films them. The two naked girls face each other, standing and leaning over while they get fucked from behind by their guys and the black haired girl is between them both, munching on their tits and sucking on their nipples. The guys are competing to see who makes his girl cum first, and at the same time, the girls are also competing to see who makes their guy blow his load first! No matter the outcome, everybody is having a blast in this dorm room sex party. After some serious bonage, the three campus sluts get down, they all smile and laugh as the cum splashes on their faces. Is college always this fun?