This sexy blonde teen finds her roommate’s lesbian porn magazines whole searching for a t-shirt she borrowed her and she just can’t stop flipping through the pages filled with beautiful naked girls having hot lesbian sex with each other. She had no idea that her roommate was into lesbian sex, but it really turns her on and she can already feel her pussy dripping wet with arousal as she imagines them having hot lesbian sex together. She lies on her roommate’s bed and begins touching herself. She takes off her shirt, touching her hard nipples, then strips down to her panties and tugs them aside so she can play with her pink twat. She spreads herself open with one hand, rubbing her exposed clit with the pad of her finger and caressing her titties with the other hand. She’s pleasuring herself when her roommate, a skinny redhead tart, walks into her bedroom and finds her roommate half naked masturbating on her bed right next to one of her lesbian porn magazines! The lesbian joins her, softly kissing her lips and fondling her nice breasts with piercings on her perky nipples. She’s glad to discover the blonde shares her attraction to other girls too. She gets down on her hands and knees and invites her new lesbian lover to make love with her. She has never been with a girl before but now she desperately wants to. She slowly pulls down her roommate’s panties, exposing her ass and her beautiful pussy burger sandwiched between her ass cheeks. That is incredibly hot. She is grateful to her neighbor for for helping her discover her sexuality. She spreads her ass cheeks and moves to her pussy lips, kissing and licking a pussy for the first time! She gently touches her clit with her lips as the lesbian roomate closes her eyes and enjoys. The lesbian wants more so she grabs her head and pushed it closer to her cunt, making the blonde girl tongue fuck her slit and even rim her tender little asshole with her slick tongue. Looks like she paid a lot of attention to what she saw in the magazine!   The redhead puts her on her back, snacking on the blonde’s tight cunt. She sucks her tender little clit making her moan. She coveres her tiny pussy with her mouth and explores every silky slippery inch of her tasty vulva. The hot lesbian keeps working her tongue into her tight little pussy and soon begins to taste her sweet juices as she begins to moan and squirm. The naked girls push their wet bald pussies against each other and scissor on the bed, rubbing their wet lips against each other, so hot! The redhead goes on top, tribbing her gorgeous blonde roommate and holding her against the bed by her neck. The lesbians get into a 69 so they can lick and finger bang each other. Then the redhead puts on a big strap on cock and uses it to fuck her roommate doggy style. The young blonde babe gets her first lesbian sex lessons from her roommate. How to flirt with a girl, how to find all the sensitive spots on a girl, how to kiss a girl, how to lick a girls pussy, she even learned me how to trib.