Just when I thought my neighborhood couldn’t get any more boring, a couple of sexy girls moved into the house next door and since it’s such a sunny day, I invited them to come over and play in the pool. The hot blonde and black haired girl show up in time; the blonde wearing a skimpy swimsuit and her friend a crop top with denim shorts. I can already tell that these two sexy girls and I are going to have lots of fun! The naughty girls crawl on their hands and knees and start feasting on my hard cock, sucking it and licking my balls too. The babes lick my dick like a lollipop and suck hard on my balls, slobbering them with their warm saliva. I felt the brunette’s tongue swirling around the head of my cock while her friend kept sucking my balls. I jerked my cock while they licked the tip together, what an incredible sensation! Their hot wet mouths felt so good I knew I wouldn’t be able to hold my load for very long. The girls pass my cock from hand to mouth, and then they start stripping naked in front of me. The naked girls get on a floater and make out, touching each other and making my dick so hard from just watching the hot lesbian show they are putting on for me in my pool. Still on the floating mattress the black haired girl sucks on her friend’s puffy nipples and kisses her lips, getting her nipples licked and sucked by her too. The blonde removes her friend’s bikini bottom, spreads her legs and goes down on her. I get close so I can have a better look at them and since the blonde is already down on her hands and knees while eating out her friend, I push my hard cock into her dripping wet pussy and start fucking her from behind, pushing the floater towards me! While I’m banging the blonde, her friend is looking at me like she can’t wait to have my dick inside her too. I ask her if she likes watching me fuck her friend and the look on her face says it all, man. I lie down on the floater and let the dark haired babe climb on top of me and push my dick inside her wet cunt, bouncing on my lap as she rides me and her sexy friend plays with her pussy and munches on her tits, suckling her perky nipples. The black haired bimbo keeps her pussy spread for my cock with her fingers and then she switches positions with the blonde, she gets back on top of me and keeps riding on my throbbing member. Her friend rubs her muff and they make out like crazy.   The girls take a short break from riding on my dick so they can blow me some more, licking, sucking, kissing and stroking my cock. I put the dark haired girl on her hands and knees and fuck her doggy style while her blonde friend waits for her turn. I was getting really close and could feel my erection getting thicker and harder. Just as I reached the point of no return and felt the first contraction in my balls I quickly put the naked girls in front of me and they obediently opened their mouths, giggling in anticipation. They sucked it more and squeezed the shaft hard witht heir hands. With their faces inches away from my throbbing cock the girls watched as it jerked hard. Then, suddenly cum squirted out of my cock and landed on their faces, tits and hair. The girls’ eyes were focused on the tip of my cock as the thick sperm continued to slowly ooze from the opening and the shaft continued to pulse.