I was hanging out with the gorgeous Gianna and she started talking about how she loves to play with herself every night. Just listening to her talk about how she masturbates every night and plays with her clitty so she can fall asleep was getting me so fucking hard. The hot teen even went so far as asking us if I would like a demonstration, pulling her top down and showing me her gorgeous breasts. The girl has the most beautiful breasts I’ve ever seen, divine and perfectly sized tits! She fondled them, squeezing them tight and giggling. Then she got up and took off her skimpy pink denim shorts, showing me her cotton panties and her sexy bubble butt. She took the panties off too, lied back on the couch, spread her long legs wide open and showed me how she masturbates every night. She is a petty cute desirable and totally sexy young girl. Just like the rest of her body, her pussy is completely flawless. The perfect naked girl got on her belly and rubbed her clit, moaning and grunting softly. My buddy showed up and Gianna giggled as his jaw almost dropped to the floor when he saw her masturbating naked on the couch. She invited my pal to join her, making out with him and touching each other. He fingered her cunt and sucked on her puffy nipples, then began eating her out on the couch. Still touching herself, the hot naked girl dropped to her knees, sucking and stroking my pal’s big hard cock. Gianna is a dirty slut, she likes pushing that cock deep down her throat so she can choke and gag on it, drenching it with her saliva before she fucks it. The teen babe just needed her warm, tight pussy to get fucked…hard. She got on top of my friend and he grabbed her meaty ass while she rode his dick in cowgirl position. She spread her ass cheeks with her hands, exposing her tight asshole while getting her pussy drilled. Man, I love watching her get fucked! She is stunning. Every inch of her young body is pure, lustful seduction. The buddy kept fucking her in all possible positions and busted a fat nut all over her pretty face. 