This sexy stepsister noticed her brother taking a shower, and it seems that his cock was hard, so she decided to get naked and sneak to him into the shower. The sexy naked blonde confronted the surprised brother and soon enough she pressed herself against him, wrapped her arms around his waist and asked if he needed any help with that of soap. Putting some soap on her hands she started with his shoulders, his chest, she soaped his arms and then his penis. After rubbing his dick with both hands she put it between her wonderful breasts to massage his step brother’s dick with them. Down on her knees she took it in her mouth and began sucking on it, as she was really horny, and the only cure for her hornyness was a thick white cock inside of her mouth. When he felt her warm wet soft lips engulf the head of his cock he decided it was time to make her cum good and hard. The girl kept sucking on his meat as hard as possibly could but she did it slowly, and she kept staring at him directly in the eye. Eventually, she tried to swallow the entire cock and she looked very cute while she did so. She sucked on it and stroked it with the other hand. Soon she spread her legs and laid back and let him lick her pussy to get her ready for the cock. His sexy blonde sister moaned loudly as her pussy was getting licked. He laid down on the bathroom floor and soon enough the teen babe got on top of him and she let him use her tight wet pussy and he fucked her as hard as he possibly could, but he didn’t go too fast. She then decided that she should control the tempo, so she bounced on his thick cock. She started working her tight wet pussy on his own as her hips weren’t moving fast enough for his liking. He kept pounding harder and harder and even held onto her small, fragile body and kept shoving his cock deeper inside. She then moved into the reverse cowgirl position and started bouncing on his thick dong. Ырu is so sexy. Her tits are so perfect!! Love to see them bounce while she gets it! He kept fucking the naked babe harder and harder and his low-hanging nuts kept slapping her clit, thus teasing it. She started rubbing it with her fingers and they kept this up till they both came. 