This breath taking brunette babe with big tits is fucking her pussy with a big glass dildo and rubbing her clit. She wears a sexy white top, black panties and high heels. She is overtaken by lust and desire, eager for the dildo to give her an intense orgasm. Sadly, orgasms with sex toys are nothing compared to a real hard cock. No matter how hard she rubs her clit and fucks her cunt with the dildo, she just can’t bring herself to a splendid orgasm! Luckily there are delivery guys that can fit her needs! She places an order with expedite shipping and puts on her sexiest stockings and lingerie while she waits for her order… and the delivery guy bringing it, to arrive. The horny MILF smiles when she hears the door bell ring. He’s here! She receives the delivery guy in her sexy outfit and invites him in. Of course, he can’t take his eyes off her smoking hot body and her big tits, barely covered by the mesh bra she wears. She’s dressed to fuck. The beautiful woman sits on top of the table and spreads her legs wide open in front of him, massaging her wet cunt for him! He can’t believe his eyes, her panties are crotchless and her labia peeking out, the hot sexy babe masturbating in front of him and she really wants him to fuck her right there. She pulls him towards her, his head between her legs, making him eat her out. He pulls her panties aside and licks her wet slit. The way he nibbles on her clit while grabbing her big tits makes her moan and gasp for breath. He fingers her, makes her little clit vibrate and she squirms. If his tongue and fingers feel so good inside her pussy, she can only imagine what his cock will feel like. The hot naked woman gets down on her knees between his legs so she can suck and stroke it. It’s big, hard, thick, throbbing so hard inside her mouth. She’s fantasized the whole day about the feeling of a hard, throbbing cock in her mouth. She enjoys the feeling of his hot cock sliding in and out of her mouth and would greedily swallow all him cum. But it’s too early, the horny MILF doesn’t let him cum. She lies on her back and spreads her legs, knees to her breasts, exposing her sweet cunt for him. He forces his cock into her with one thrust, fucking her in missionary position. His hot hard dick feels amazing into her vagina, she grabs her big breasts, squeezing her nipples. The dude keeps fucking her, balls deep into her cunt, enjoying the view of her big tits jiggling with each thrust. Then he lies down and lets her get on top.   The naked woman takes his big dick and pushes it inside her muff, riding the delivery man in cowgirl position. He reaches and pinches her nipples as he attacks her swollen pussy. Wave after wave of orgasmic pleasure pour over her. Her orgasm practically rips her apart. She has never felt such a sexual pleasure. She presses her tits against his chest and kisses his lips, pushing her tongue inside his mouth. The delivery man puts her down on all fours and fucks her doggy style from behind and she pushes her juicy bubble butt back up against his cock to let him know just how much she likes getting plowed this way by him. He has to pull his erection out to let her catch her breath and recover from her intensely satisfying orgasm. His cock is definitely way better than any of the dildos she owns! The hot brunette can’t wait to enjoy the feeling of his hot cum splashing onto her face, running down her face, dripping onto her breasts.