Fuck no nut November! Don’t miss this amazing daughter-mom threesome! Her step-mother found out that she had humiliated poor guy on the school’s campus and they both went to see him and do the right thing. They both came inside and her step-mom said that apology is not going to be enough this time. In fact, she decided to make this dude feel great. The sexy mom came close to him and, to his genuine surprise, pulled his pants down and started sucking his cock! The cougar slipped her warm wet mouth over the thick head of his erection lathering the head with her tongue before working her lips slowly down the shaft as she gently sucked his throbbing cock. Her step-daughter watched it in the state of a shock with her hands covering her face. But, as the young teen girl was watching it, she got really horny and attracted to the whole scene. Her step-mom turned to her, grabbed her hand and pulled her over so they can suck that dick together. After a couple of moments, two sluts were giving him such an incredible blowjob and licked his cock one from each side. Then he sat down and one of the girls gagged on his prick as the other one sucked his balls. Then, the naked MILF got on top of that cock and began riding it with her teen daughter sucking his balls. The teens both watched in amazement as his cock disappeared into the woman’s cunt and then reappeared again only to disappear again and again. They were all very horny and planned on trying out tons of positions. Then, the teen slut got on top of that rod to ride it while licking her step-mother’s cunt at the same time. The brunette would occasionally pull his prick out and suck it very hard while her step-daughter kissed him passionately. OMG, the mom licking his balls when the teen is riding his cock in cowgirl… that is so fucking hot!   Just a couple of moments after, he spread the brunette’s legs and began fucking her as his life depends on it. He slapped and kissed the other slut until it was her time to take it hard. Her step-mom was on top of his dick with while the other girl licked his balls. It’s awesome to see them lick his balls throughout almost the whole scene. Plus when he fucks between both of their mouths….damn. Then the brunette shoved her tits inside the boy’s mouth as the naked teen took over the riding role. The beautiful naked woman turned around and the teen girl licked her pussy with such a pleasure with that big dick penetrating her hard from below. The boy figured that he’s close to an orgasm and wanted to fuck the girls just a bit longer in order to satisfy them both. They were all in a state of ecstasy and were approaching orgasm very fast. After just a couple of moments, he stood up and shot his load of cum all over those sexy little faces. The naked mom and daughter licked the cum from each other’s faces and went away with knowing that they handled the situation in the right way. 