Recently my beautiful blonde girlfriend learned how to squirt and now she can’t stop squirting every time we have sex! Don’t get me wrong, I’m not complaining! Just touching herself over her pink cotton panties she’s already gushing, drenching them with her pussy juices. Once she squirts, she just can’t stop. Each consecutive squirting orgasm comes faster, harder and stronger than the previous one, until she is left drained, exhausted and drenched in squirt. I watch her rubbing her clam with both hands over her squirt soaked panties. She tugs them aside and shows me that meaty pink pussy burger dripping wet with her fluids. She spreads her pussy lips and passes her fingers up and down her slit, then she pushes them inside her and finger bangs her cunt. She draws circles around her clit with her fingertip and applies her Hitachi wand, making her squirt like a garden hose high in the air. I finger fuck her with two fingers, fast and vigorously. I retrieve them and they are soaking wet. She gets down on her knees, popping my large cock in her mouth, sucking and stroking it. The horny little slut spits all over my cock and smears the saliva all over my shaft and balls with her hands. She lifts my dick and jerks it while slobbering my balls like a whore. I make her gag on my dick and slap it all over her face, drenching her with her drool. She looks so fucking hot all sticky and filthy in her own fluids. I bend her over the couch and push my cock inside her wet muff, banging her from behind. I flip her over, spread my legs and fuck her in missionary position and she cums, squirting all over my dick and my balls. She’s wearing nothing but her pink leg warmers as she straddles herself on top of me and impales her squirting pussy on my throbbing erection, riding me in cowgirl position. She asks if I can feel her cumming on my cock as she squirts again. I definitely can! The squirt just drips from her clam, running down her thighs and all over my cock and my balls as we continue fucking like crazy. I sit on the couch and she sits on my dick and bends over, riding me in reverse cowgirl while I slap that meaty ass and make her squirt some more. 