I met this girl a while ago and we came to find a very important mutual interest – we love fucking in a no strings attached relationship. This one day, my little slut shows up on my door telling me how she has to have my cock ASAP. I let her in and gave her a drink before she took a bottle of something out of her purse. It was a bottle of oil she loves putting on her body. For the next ten minutes or so, I enjoyed watching this little cutie rub that oil all over her nude body. As she was doing that, her body was becoming very hot and each one of her curves made me really horny. Her incredible round butt, sexy little tits, wet cunt, and slutty face was just the right combination what always got me going. I felt incredible just thinking how hard I was going to fuck her. The sexy naked girl invited me to come close to her, so I came over and started fingering her little asshole as her moaning was louder and louder. I knew how much she wants my cock so I made sure she’s properly horny when she starts sucking my cock. Not long after, my dick was inside her mouth and she had lots of fun playing with that big thing. She gagged on it and swallowed my balls, jerking me off with her hands at the same time. Her pretty face was covered with spit that was coming out of her mouth, and then she laid down to continue sucking me in a more comfortable position. Everything was ready for me to smash that bushy little pussy of hers. She then got up, bent over and begged me to fuck her harder than ever. I stuck my cock in there and began pounding her while occasionally slapping her butt. The girl started to scream as I fucked her cute little ass really hard.   She just couldn’t get enough of my cock, so she turned around and started blowing it again. My prick was now very wet and ready for the smoothest penetration. That’s when my slut sat me down and started riding me with that perfect ass at such an incredible speed. I rubbed and fingered her asshole as she was sliding up and down with the sexiest sounds. Then she stood up and continued riding me with supporting herself on her feet. In that way, she was sliding even easier and we both felt better than ever. The naked girl got down on her knees again and continued to ride me, working her ass around my stiffening cock, sliding it up and down, slamming herself hard onto my cock. She loved the taste of my cock so much that she continued licking my prick after she stopped riding it. Then she got back to ride it in a position where her butt was just in front of my face. After sucking me once again, I grabbed one of her legs and fucked her cunt harder than ever before. I looked down between her legs to watch my slippery cock shiny with her juices going in and out of her stretched cunt. The naked girl was biting her lips when I stood up on my feet and filled her mouth with my cum! 