One of her boyfriends just came inside her and this sexy blonde is finger fucking herself, masturbating with cum in her cunt and scooping all that hot sperm from inside her cunt while she waits for the other one to add more cum in her pussy. When he shows up the teen slut takes him upstairs to her bedroom, teasing him in her sexy white lace bra and panties. She gets on her knees, pulls down his pants and admires his big throbbing erection. She knows his balls are full of hot spunk and she wants it all inside of her, mixing up with her other boyfriend’s creampie. She licks and sucks his dick, stroking it with both hands. She pops his balls in her wet mouth and sucks them hard. The teen girl drools all over that big fat dick, drenching it with her saliva. He pushes his cock inside her snatch. He can feel how wet and sticky she is, thinking it’s her lubrication. Not quite, it’s just her other boyfriend’s cum still inside her cunt! He bangs her in missionary position and it doesn’t take him long to cum, blowing his creamy load inside her snatch. The cum oozes from her slit as he rams his cock back inside her and continues fucking her cum filled pussy. He puts her down on her hands and knees, fucking her doggy style from behind. His sticky cum drips down her clam and his dick and balls too. He injects her pussy with yet another load of hot spunk and she lets it drip down her thighs whole rubbing her muff. The young teen girl feels the pleasure of being a slut, the pleasure of having a cock pound her like she had nothing better than just a pussy to use and abuse. This lovely cumslut gets on top and rides his cum drenched member in reverse cowgirl position, ready to receive more and more cum loads and creampies from her stud. “I want it in me, every thick potent drop of sperm deep inside my little pussy!” When the dude looks up into her beautiful eyes and sees her sexy smile he feels his balls pull up tight and his shaft jerks hard. He grabs her hips and lifts her off his jerking cock as thick white sperm begins oozing out of her cunt onto the shaft. She collapses on the bed exhausted and filled with the hot cum of two men. She is in heaven. 