This one day, I was so horny that I had to do something about it that doesn’t include watching porn. I opened the balcony door and there she was, my stunningly hot and beautiful girlfriend. She couldn’t help teasing me with her stunning body in the best light, showing off her tight ass and her long legs. It was my first No Nut November, and I was already closing to fail! My erection was so hard it almost hurt. There was so much cum in my balls that they were aching, and I needed my babe to empty them. I began grabbing her stunning little ass and caressed her legs. I could see it in her eyes that she really wanted me to give up. I took her inside and took her red panties off. She was so hot and her little cunt begged me to fuck her. I sat her down, spread her legs and played with her pussy lips with my fingers. Her pussy was so inviting that I got under her and started licking that little cunt and shoving my tongue very deep inside her little pussy. I could see how horny she was getting from all the contractions her pussy was doing. I realized that I had failed no nut November and I was ready to destroy her cunt with my swollen dick! My naked girlfriend got up, lifted me up and sucked my cock while on her knees. She has the most beautiful face and eyes, and that blowjob really felt like something special. She would occasionally start swallowing my balls and licking them. My beautiful little slut just couldn’t wait anymore and had to do something about that horny little pussy. She got her trimmed pussy above my cock I looked up into her eyes she gave me the most beautiful smile before she sat straight up and started sliding her tight slippery pussy on my throbbing erection. She started to bounce on my schlong like a little whore that she is.   She threw her head back and enjoyed feeling my cock penetrating her really deep. I hold her waist and caressed her flat tummy, her titties and her clit. I began massaging her sensitive nipples, earning a series of soft moans from her. I felt her pussy getting more and more wet and warm and that stimulated me out of my mind. After a while, she got down once again and started to blow my cock in the same way she did before. My horny girlfriend made that dick wet again, so she turned around and began riding me with that incredible round ass. Her butt was so mesmerizing that I did my best not to end the whole thing too early. She bounced on my dick in that position until she got up and started to suck my cock once more. She was so fond of my cock that she couldn’t resist blowing it after each position. It was my time to have my word, so I got up, bent her over on the couch and started to fuck her hard in the wildest doggy style! Her big round ass was born to be spanked and I loved making her all red from the spanking. I was very close to an orgasm but nevertheless decided to pound her a bit longer. She had her head on the couch and moaning as if she had no strength left. After a couple of moments, I shot a huge load inside that pussy and gave her a nice creampie.