One of the tough parts about splitting with your spouse is the separate holidays. These dads find themselves in this predicament as their first Thanksgiving apart from their former significant arrives. To create that old familiar family vibe, these best friends dads team up and put on a nice dinner for their daughters. They went upstairs to chat as their dads were down on the first floor grilling the turkey. One of the girls got the craziest idea to pleasure each others dad and let the men fuck them and drain their balls. The other girl was just a little bit surprised but also very in the mood since she has been checking her dad out for a long time. The girls went downstairs and began caressing their cocks under the table. The girl with the red shirt came close to her friend’s dad and began seducing him with her young gorgeous body. The hot teen enjoyed the way he looks at her as her friend took her dad upstairs to fuck. The unbelievable beauty took his dick in her mouth in the kitchen as her friend was swallowing a huge cock in the bedroom upstairs. The sexy blonde licked his cock from below and enjoyed the way it tastes. The man was checking her legs and butt out and couldn’t wait to get in there. He finally got up, bent her over the table with both of her arms stretched across the table and began pounding her pussy with all the strength he had. Meanwhile, her friend also just finished blowing her dad and got on top of him to ride him. The petite naked girl began to slide up and down on his cock with her lovely little tits just in front of his face. Then, the girl turned around and started jumping on his cock in an amazing way, slamming her tight pussy hard down onto his huge cock. Down in the kitchen, her own dad spread blonde’s legs and started licking her little pussy. Her tiny little pussy was so inviting and he felt like he could fuck her pussy for days. Then, he pulled his cock out and began drilling that little cunt like never before. Her friend upstairs put her feet on the man’s thighs and jumped on his cock like a crazy little slut. She couldn’t get that smile from her face since she was really happy and enjoyed jamming her little cunt on it hard.   The hot naked blonde downstairs sat the man on the chair and began to ride his cock with him grabbing her butt really hard. The young slut felt his strong body tense up and his fingers dug into her ass. He grunted loudly and thrust his hips upwards, jamming his pulsing cock deep into her cunt. The petite naked girl upstairs was getting pounded in the hardest doggy style action. Meanwhile, her blonde friend was approaching an orgasm very fast and scream so loud when she felt it that even her friend heard her. The girl upstairs was begging a man to come inside her and screamed as he fucked her in a missionary position. He wanted to finish her off and make her cum a couple of times. Finally, when he felt that the time has come, he shot a huge amount of cum inside that little pussy and she was very pleased. The hot teen downstairs wanted to her friend’s dad drain his big, heavy balls into her mouth. He groaned as the young naked girl kept working his large cum gun over, taking his streams of sticky gunk into her mouth and down her throat. Making an older man cum like this was the most erotic moment of her life.