A sexy girl walks into the store wearing Tomb Rider’s outfit and she decided to nick a couple of things. Unfortunately, a man comes over and takes her in the back for a strip and cavity search. He ordered her to take her clothes off in order to see if she’s hiding anything else and the shoplifter was completely naked after a couple of minutes. He found several stolen items and offered the teenage girl to take his dick in her mouth in exchange for not reporting her. The young naked girl had no choice but to agree to let the security guard fuck her. The old pervert got behind her and began rubbing her young titties from behind. The girl still wasn’t enjoying any of it until he pulled his dick out and told her to suck it. As she was sucking it she got a little horny and decided to enjoy it since has to do it anyways. The girl gave him a really nice blowjob before the man bent her over the table and began pounding her ass very hard from behind. The naked girl was screaming like a little slut and took it really hard. The guard grabbed her hair and jammed her on his dick while her belly was pressed against the table. Then he took both of her legs, put them on the table and began pounding her really fast and hard. After a while, he began choking her as the girl thought that she actually might get to her first orgasm. He then flipped her over and started fucking her in a crazy doggy style that the girl enjoyed very fuck. Her butt got all red from the fucking and slapping and so did her little pussy. The man enjoyed grabbing her tits and nipples as his cock drilled her snatch with much skill. Then he turned her around once again and stared in her face as the slut took his cock like a queen. She was moaning as he picked the speed up and went very fast to claim his intense orgasm. He had every intention of coming inside her cunt and began reaching the goal very fast. The girl supported herself with her hands on the table as she felt her pussy go on fire. That’s when she reached her first orgasm and shake her body a little to make him come too. After a while, the man pulled his dick out, brought her closer and filled her mouth with his sweet cum. 