This brunette finds out her boyfriend is cheating with another woman. With the help of her friend, she finds out who this woman is. She is older than her, a college professor and the girl can’t stop imagining them having sex, her man just spreading her legs, sucking on her tits, eating her smelly cunt out and fucking her right over the couch. He starts grabbing her all over the place and the bitch just lovs that. He gets down and starts licking her pussy, excited by her black stockings and inviting red dress. The woman gets on her feet and starts sucking his cock in the most skillful way, the cock that belongs to her! Then, she makes it wet enough to get up on it and ride it like a dirty little whore. The bitch begins jumping on his cock and jams her pussy on it hard while he grabs her butt cheeks hard. She then puts her feet on the couch and supports herself for an easier cock-ride. The cougar turns around and begins jumping on his cock with her stunning butt just in front of her boyfreind face. He spreads her legs and starts pounding her out of her mind. Her pussy gets really red and wet and she screams really loud. He keeps on pounding her, slamming balld deep into her cunt, grabbing her tits and her ass. The bitch then turns around and lets him fuck her in a doggy style. He approaches orgasm very fast and after a while, he pulls it out and spreads his cum all over those sexy round tits. Revenge on her cheating boyfriend is what she wants! Moments after, there is a crashing sound coming out of the kitchen, so he goes there and finds a stone that broke the window and a couple of papers wrapped with a ribbon. Those papers are pictures his ex girlfriend took while he fucked this blonde cougar… To be continued… Don’t forget to watch the whole four-part storyline. When he breaks up with his significantly younger girlfriend, she’s furious – what could this older woman possibly have that she doesn’t?! After looking into Laura on social media, she sets out to on a mission to seduce and fuck her ex’s new girlfriend in an attempt to get back at him for breaking her heart. 