This sexy black babe is having a Thanksgiving dinner with her white bf and her mother is getting on her nerves with her snotty comments. She is the type of a girl who will do whatever she pleases and right now, she is pleasing that fat erect cock her boyfriend has. He popped one up since his girlfriend was so damn excited to get into his pants. As her mother starts getting on her case, that cock is getting stroked up and down, down and up. The moment her granny dropped the glass on the carpet, she used the opportunity to drop her skirt, lift her big black booty up and reveal her naked ass, her asshole and her pussy to her bf right underneath the table. She is a skank, that’s for sure! Sure enough, her ass got fingered and she got wet in an instant. What will she do now? She does what every slut does, she starts sucking that dick underneath the table but it is her pussy that’s calling the shots. The girl doesn’t have good table manners, so she lands her pussy on top of the cock that’s right in front of her grandma. That ass is way too hot, bouncy and tattooed. Even though that grandma is right there, she is still getting fucked. At one moment her boobs pop out and they get groped but granny doesn’t realize a thing. Grandma is just watching not knowing what’s going on. Once her mom takes the granny away, that’s when the real deal happens. The two of them get completely naked and start fucking as if it is the only thing they have to do in their lives. The sexy black babe slobbers all over that white cock, spit is drolling all over those balls and her boobs are dick fucking that long cock. Check the rest of this Thanksgiving dinner that keeps on giving. Her pussy is so damn gorgeous, like wow. I fucking love black girls! She sure gets stuffed this Thanksgiving! He also fucks her in the ass, giving a new meaning for “Thanksgiving Stuffing”. I am thankful for Sarah Banks doing this scene! Happy Thanksgiving to you porn-loving turkeys and the performers who keep us horny for them. 