After her boyfriend broke up with this brunette teen, she set out to on a mission to seduce and fuck her ex’s new girlfriend in an attempt to get back at him for breaking her heart. First of all she has to ruin her career, she asks her friend to seduce and fuck the psychology teacher, Christen. Miss Christen is a babe who is just smoking hot, successful at what she is doing and most definitely sexually active in all aspects. There he is, a strapping young man, all buff looking full of hormones. It doesn’t take much for him to get in her pants. His kiss was met with a full make-out session and the hot sexy teacher had more in mind besides just a silly kiss. Right there on the table, she started sucking on that fat erect dick and she was moaning and slobbering as if it was the best thing in the world. Then, she took out her ripe boobs and mashed them together as she was blowing his dick. He even started to face fuck her and then took off his shirt. The hot babe jerked that bad boy before the dude took her jeans off and began earing her ass from behind. This girl has the most beautiful butt you have ever seen. What a wonderful ass! He licked her from behind, spreading her cute little ass cheeks with both hands. That ass was so damn juicy and ready to be taken from behind. The hot naked babe was bent on the table and the dude was licking her anus as her pussy was getting spread and stimulated by his fingers. Then, the young fellow stuck his dick deep in her slippery and wet pussy and Christen let out a moan of satisfaction. Rocking back and forth, that pussy was getting banged up real good. She was moaning as the dude was holding her by her neck like a real bad kitty.   Her boobs were swaying and her pussy was starting to drip with her cunt juices as the dude was giving it to her like an animal. The hot naked teacher was placed on the table and the student had a nice entrance view to her pussy. A bit of ass slapping went a long way with Christen since she loves the rough stuff. Even her ass was finger fucked as the dude chocked her a bit to make things a bit more hardcore. He really does have the stamina and the confidence to fuck his teacher silly. Once the stockings were off, her sweet feet were up in the air and chocking her was the way the sex session on the table continued on. At one point her pussy was eaten out and jammed with that nasty tongue of his. She sucked on his dick before she had a cowgirl fuck with the dude. She rode him in perfect motions so that she can hit just the right spots in her pussy. In the end, she was splattered with a stream of cum that dripped all over her face straight to her boobs. His friend  did not miss the opportunity to report to the professor. She came into the class just as the student was cumming all over her face and her big tits. Her career is now seriously compromised and she has to do something about it. To be continued… Don’t forget to watch the whole four-part storyline.