Two of the hottest sluts Katrina and Lela were standing in a row, waiting for the store to be opened for the Black Friday discounts. Once the store got open, the girls all rushed into the store and frantically started to grab different items. These two bitches both reached for the same panties and a couple of minutes after the hot brunettes started to fight over it and neither of them wanted to cave. An employee came close to them, wondering what all that fuss is about. Both of them wanted to persuade the man that those panties belong to them. One of the girls took it so far that she decided to suck a man’s dick in order to get that lingerie. The crazy slut got down on his knees and began sucking his huge dick in the middle of the store, and the other girl wanted in too. Yes yes yes two hot sluts fighting over big dick! This was now a competition who will suck his huge dick better. Two sluts were down sucking as that lucky man enjoyed getting the juiciest blowjob of his lifetime. The sluts were licking and sucking that dick from each side and the man got the biggest desire to pound them both. He undressed one of them and discovered that she has the best piece of ass he had ever seen in his life. She had a Kim Kardashian’s butt! He started to pound her from behind as the other girl cheered and completely forgot about those panties. This now turned into a ravishing threesome that was nowhere near ending. The bold man pounded the bitch from behind. The girl in stocking started kissing her and helping the man to fuck her harder. The exquisite booty bitch sat him down and began bouncing on that cock with her unbelievable round ass. She really enjoyed sliding on his cock when she realized that it was time to let the other girl get up on that cock. She got on top of it and began bouncing on it and made him really horny with those sexy stockings. The other girl grabbed his cock and stimulated it as the babe rode it beautifully. She also rubbed her pussy while she rode it fast.   The way the girls interact, and how they ride his dick. Oh lala amen!! Awesome bitches! The man really felt like taking the control over, so he got on his feet, spread one the girl’s legs and began pounding her harder than ever, slamming balls deep into her cunt. The shop was now empty and he didn’t care if someone catches them in action. He made sure to set her pussy on fire and did an incredible job as the other girl was very impatient and couldn’t wait to have that big dick inside her once again. Then, the other girl imposed herself and demanded to be fucked. He spread her legs too and drilled her little cunt as if it was the last thing he’ll ever do. The other girl licked her face and made her even hornier as the man approached orgasm very fast. He also grabbed her huge tits as he was moments from coming. He slammed deep into her cunt and filled her vagina with his cum. Fuck! All his babies dripping Katrina´s delicious pussy, and lela swallows, amazing scene! Yes … pussy creampie and cum Swap. What a combo of sexy sluts!