Kimmy is thrilled to have the beautiful vacation house all to herself. After a couple of hours, the sexy teen girl noticed a very masculine man doing something around the pool. When the hot young girl learns that he is ready and willing to provide any services she might require, she asks him for a nice relaxing massage. He got her naked on the table, oiled up her tight petite body and his skillful hands made her incredibly horny. The beautiful naked girl turned around and allowed him to squeeze her stunning little tits. He got cocky so he started rubbing her pussy with his hand, massaging her clit with his tongue to which she responded by grabbing his prick and sucking it with her head thrown back. The man really enjoyed that blowjob and wanted to give her something concrete for the price she paid for the house. The hot teen got up, sat back down, spread her legs and took his cock like a queen. The man grabbed her legs and began pounding her little pussy really hard. She started screaming and enjoying each penetration he made inside her pussy. He grabbed the girl, lifted her up in the air and jammed her on his prick as hard as he could. Then he sat down and she enjoyed riding his cock like a little slut. Kimmy is the queen of ADULT INDUSTRY! Love her curves, all natural, and the way she can ride a cock is absolutely amazing! She couldn’t stop slamming herself down onto his dick, twerking and grinding her ass furiously against his dick. Then she stood up and sucked his cock from above before she came back and continued bouncing on that cock. She turned around and drove him insane with that round booty bouncing in front of his eyes. The man feasted his eyes on that sexy round butt as she was sliding up and down on it. She was releasing such sounds that he could hardly hold it any longer. He did his best to hold it just a bit longer and when he felt that she came, he got up and the young naked girl squeezed her fingers tight around the shaft and with her other hand, she cupped his balls, making the man cum right in her mouth. He filled her mouth with a huge load of juicy cum. 