It was our anniversary and my girlfriend took me to a very special massage. As I was pondering about what’s so special about it, we went in there and both laid naked on the massage table. The sexiest Asian chick wearing blue tight outfit appears and starts rubbing oil all over our bodies. As she was rubbing my naked wife, I check out her ass and got really horny just from looking at it. I was so embarrassed that I got a hard-on and the masseur saw it too when she turned around. To my absolute surprise, she lifted a towel from my crotch and began giving me the best oily handjob ever. Just as I was afraid that my girlfriend will see this, the naughty masseuse went over to her, climbed on her table, spread her pussy lips and started to lick it really nicely. My girlfriend took a towel from her face, looked at me and asked me whether I like the massage. That’s when I realized that she was on it too and that I’m supposed to fuck the girls both. I got up and went over to my girlfriend and started shoving my cock inside her throat as I could hear her become very horny from the pussy licking the masseuse was doing. The Asian chick crawled over the table, closed her lips around the veiny cock, moving her tongue around as best she could. She began sucking my cock as my slutty girlfriend was licking my balls from below. I wanted to fuck them so bad that I picked the naked girls both up, laid on the table and demanded that they ride my dick. My girlfriend got up there first and started to jump on my cock at an incredible speed. The Asian girl was grabbing her ass and helping her ride my cock faster. She would occasionally get in front of her and licked her pussy while she was sliding up and down on my cock. Her butt looked so incredible and I wished that it would never stop. After a couple of minutes, she turns around and starts bouncing on my cock with her stunning round tits teasing me out of my mind. The horny Asian babe constantly licked her nipples and brought her to the seventh sky. She also rubbed her pussy with her skillful hands and got her pussy and clitoris on fire very fast. My girlfriend than laid back down, spread her legs very wide and I began pounding her like a bull. I grabbed her feet and continued fucking her as hard as I could. She began rubbing her cunt as she was reaching her first orgasm very fast. He pussy became all red. The Asian got behind her and began grabbing her round tits as I fucked her like never before. I was getting close to orgasm and seeing both of these sexy sluts made me reach it even faster. When the time came, I came close to them both and shot my load all over their faces. 