An employee walked into the elevator with his boss and his wife. The dude was late for work again and his boss started berating him in front of his super hot Latina girlfriend. The slutty wife loves to meet a man in power and the man immediately noticed the way she’s checking him out. When she saw the outline of his massive cock straining against his pants, she decided to flash him her naked pussy and her gorgeous big tits right under her boyfriend’s nose. Her husband got a call and turned around to take it. While he was talking, his beautiful wife started caressing his employee’s cock over his pants while he grabbed her stunning tits. The man so horny that he forgot all about his boss that was speaking into the phone in the back. Suddenly, he turns around and says that he’s got to run, took her by the hand, and while they were walking out, she got stuck! He went to get some help while his employee took advantage of the situation, pulled her little panties down and started licking her ass from behind. He couldn’t stop licking her ass crack from behind even with the boss boss standing right outside! Autumn Falls is the sexiest new starlet in quite a while. Such a beauty! She’s the hottest thing to happen to porn in a long time! The dude couldn’t wait and slammed his huge dick all the way inside her still throbbing cunt; his balls slapping against her ass with each thrust from behind. The chick started enjoying herself really much and wanted him more and more each passing minute. The dude used his strength to set her free and they ended up inside the elevator. She looks so sexy with a big cock in her mouth and those tits are incredible! Her husband comes along, screaming from the other side that the help is coming. They had just enough time to finish the fuck. The beautiful babe got down to her knees and blew his huge dick while spitting on it. She shoved it really deep down her little throat. His hands both came on top of her head, trying to push her further down. She gagged as the big knob thrusted down her throat. She also fucked his dick with her boobs, holding it between them. She is so hot, smiling with his cock in her mouth. That stimulated him so much that he bent her over and began pounding that round little ass as hard as he could. He grabbed both of her hands and put them on her back as he kept going and penetrating her deep. She then placed both of her hands on the elevator as he fucked her like a little bitch really hard. Then, he sat down on the floor and let the little slut lead the way for a while. She got on her feet, positioned his cock below her cunt and began jumping on it really fast. Those tits are proof of the existence of God. She enjoyed herself very much and loved how his huge dick felt inside that little pussy.   The beautiful brunette was going out of her mind with all the amazing sensations that she was feeling inside her pussy. The sounds she was making made him go harder and faster. He also got really stimulated by her round and tight ass that was sliding up and down just in front of him. That’s when the stunning angel turned around and continued jamming her pussy on that cock in the opposite direction. She forgot all about her husband and began shoving her inviting bit round tits into his mouth. The man sucked her nipples and continued pounding her from below from all the strength he had. The girl was now on the verge of orgasm and that stimulated him additionally. Her pussy began to contract and he she screamed as she felt her first orgasm. The man could finally feel the final pleasure too, so he got on his feet, pulled her hair and filled her little mouth with his big load of cum. But even her hot sucking mouth could not cope with all his cum he had in his heavy balls and some trickled out the corners of her lips and ran down her big boobs. The busty naked girl popped his dick out of her mouth and gave the shaft and head a good licking, flicking her tongue over his tight flesh and lapping down the mighty length to his balls, before slurping her way back to the top.