My gorgeous blonde girlfriend loves cream pies, and I’m not talking about their creamy pies she’s baking in the kitchen while wearing an apron and a sexy thong. She prepared a special pie just for me, putting lots of whipped cream on it while lifting up her top and showing me her beautiful breasts and perky nipples. She pours some whipped cream all over them before getting down on her knees as I pull out my big throbbing boner for her to suck and stroke. She passes her silky tongue all over my shaft and the tip of my dick before swallowing it whole. I love watching her eat my cock, pushing it down her throat until it makes her gag, sucking my member with her saliva. She pours whipped cream all over my shaft and gobbles it all up. I lie down on the couch and I let her keep sucking my cock and lubing it up with her drool. We get into a 69 and I munched on her dripping wet pussy while she continues eating my cock and sucking my balls like a dirty slut ready to get filled with cum. I spread her meaty pussy and keep eating her little cunt out, paying much attention to her clit. I slid my tongue between her pussy lips and gently moved my head up and down to run the length of her slit that was with her juices. My sexy petite girl straddles herself on top, her tightly closed little clam pressed against the tip of my cock and suddenly pops open engulfing the tip of my cock head. My little slut quickly impales her pussy all the way down onto my cock, looking up at me with a sexy smile. Her vagina hugs my cock with moist warmth. She starts riding my cock in cowgirl position, slamming herself up and down my hard cock. She flips over, riding me in reverse cowgirl position, looking over her shoulders while making her juicy bubble butt bounce up and down on my lap. I grabbed her ass with my hands, spreading her meaty butt cheeks and checking out her tight asshole as I get ready to blow my load, putting her on her back, spreading her legs wide open and fucking her in missionary position until I cum, injecting lots of creamy cum inside her tight snatch. 