Some of us have definitively been in this situation. Sitting around at your girlfriend’s house and all that and her sister walks around the house in some very revealing outfit. This dude and his girlfriend are bickering about breakfast when her irresistible blonde sister pops into the kitchen wearing a pink, lacey, see-through onesie. So, naturally, she couldn’t resist the guy, and she had to go slobber all over his meat as soon as she could. How is she going to achieve this, well, by bending over strategically at the right moment in front of her sister’s man and showing off her amazing ass? He can’t take his eyes off her perfect ass, so when his girlfriend leaves to get groceries, he decides to get a another peek. Hot, sexy, blonde catches him watching her masturbate and invites him in for a quickie before her sister gets home! Obviously, being the man, he can’t resist her charms. All he wnats right now is to slam her pussy, but not before fucking her throat properly. He lays down on the bed, and he whips his dick out for her to suck on it nicely. The hottie grabbed it and began sucking on it, and she let him work her throat as hard as he liked, which eventually made her throat sore as fuck. This ensured that she let him put his cock inside her pussy soon enough. It was quite big, so it was obvious that she couldn’t wait too long to have it. So, the man told her to get on top, and he rubbed her pussy for a bit, and then he finally inserted the cock inside while grabbing onto her neck and making sure that he is balls deep inside her. After this, he wraps his arms around her fragile little body and starts pounding her tight pussy as hard as he possibly can, making the blonde slut scream and moan in pleasure. He worked her pussy hard and by now he was slamming his hard dick deep into her cunt so hard, his balls were slapping against her ass cheeks. She was screaming for him to fuck her cunt, fuck her hard! He rammed his hard cock into her wet dripping pussy with all his might.   The hot blonde started moving her hips as well. She moved them as fast as she possibly could, but this was no match for what the man could do on his own, so he started moving them on his own. She moved her legs a bit, and he rubbed her clit as he fucked her. He kept going as hard as he could while she held onto her butt, fearing that he might break it with his mightly hips and cock. The blonde slut moaned aloud as his cock went ever deeper into her, moaning with lust as he pulled her head back by the hair and slammed his balls against her clit. She moaned, and she got even wetter and wetter until it was time to change positions. The man decided to completely demolish her and eventually did a full nelson. His cock was going in and out of her pink cunt. This surely strained the girl, so he let her lie down, and he fucked her from the back in prone bone and eventually, she got fucked so hard that she ended up cumming. He yelled out that he was going to cum all over her face and that just drove her to a new level of ecstasy. He couldn’t stop cumming onto her pretty face even when his girlfriend entred the room. The slut just smiled to her sister, stuck his now sperm-covered dick into her mouth and she hungrily engulfed it and swallowed.