A beautiful threesome with two beautifuls women! A man came to Paris with his beautiful wife for a vacation. Some people can’t understand married life – but not Tori. She loves her husband and they have always prioritised their desires before anything else – without exceptions. She likes to find the perfect girl to suit both of their needs every so often – and their vacation in Paris is no exception. A waitress, Jia, had already caught her eye, and it was time to put her plan into action for the next day’s entertainment. Tori is a total seductress! Love the scene’s prelude sensually displaying Jia and Tori’s beauty. Seductive pokies and a cute nip-slip. Sexy girl-play. After sightseeing about Paris, Eiffel tower, Seine river cruise, etc the horny wife called for the amazing French woman to keep them company. The girls went straight to business and started to kiss each other beautifully. He got so horny that he pulled his dick out and got the most stimulating French blowjob ever. His wife was happy to share her man’s cock with her new friend. Both girls look amazing in red lingeire sucking his dick together. The French girl gave her best to make an impression and sucked that cock like a true queen. After a while, the girls took him inside and continued sucking him on the bed. His wife grabbed the girl’s hair and shoved her throat really hard on her husband’s dick, fucking it with her head. Not long after, the French girl with a foxy hair got on top of his cock and started to ride it really fast. His wife slapped her ass and squeezed those round butt cheeks. Then, his beautiful naked wife got up on that dick and started to ride it while the girl licked and rubbed her pussy and asshole. Both girls rode his dick and his face together. The wife’s new friend gave her a French kiss and they enjoyed kissing her very much. That’s when the man got up, bent one of the girls over and started pounding her from behind while his wife licked her asshole with her tongue. When the two of them set this little sweet sexy redhead Jia on fire it’s going to be a really really hot “ménage à trois”. After a while, he flipped the girl over and started fucking her pussy with her friend holding her legs. The redhead then took her place and got the smooth little pussy fucked while the brunette licked his cock as it penetrated. Double pleasure for Tori’s pussy as Jia licks away while that cock pounds her from behind. He did a great job pleasuring those two cock-hungry ladies! He started fucking the girl even faster to reach an orgasm and after a while pulled his dick out and spread his cum all over those charming French faces. Love this FFM threesome in Paris. Sweet asses, tempting buttholes, lovely fuzzy pussies.. Paris, Tori and a hot young lady what on earth could be better. That was one of the hottest threesome I’ve ever seen. 