A group of hot, sexy Greedy Bitches has teamed up to steal the famous diamond thong worn by blonde porn goddess Nicolette Shea at the XXX Awards. Despite their many skills, things have not gone their way and now the beautiful bitches find themselves locked up in a cell and at the mercy of the security guard. One of the bitches, a sexy caramel goddess, uses her sex appeal to charm the security guard to come into the cell and help her unzip her bodysuit, since the zipper got stuck and the heat is killing her. Another bitch joins her and while the guard is distracted ogling over their gorgeous tits, another bitch snatches the keys from the cell right off his belt. While the girls make their escape, sexy blonde porn slut Nicolette is wearing the diamond thong while seducing seducing her man. A knock on the door interrupts them. It’s the bitches, who invite themselves in to join them for a hot sex orgy. While one of the girls distracts him by sucking and stroking his big hard cock, the rest of the girls take care of the gorgeous blonde babe, stripping her down to that sexy diamond thing they covet so. The naughty girls fondle her hot body and grope her big tits while trying to get their hands on the thong. However, Nicolette is a smart girl, and decides to take it off and put it in a safe place before returning to play with the bitches. He grabs one of them and spreads her legs wide open so she can eat her out while the other girls have hot lesbian sex with each other. A sexy brunette climbs on top of the man’s lap and pushes his big fat cock deep inside her gushing cunt so she can ride him in cowgirl position.   The hot busty blonde grabs the girl’s ass and spanks it while another bitch is eating her out from behind. The girls form a line, one behind the other, eating out the pussy and ass in front of them while getting eaten out by the girl behind them. He puts the naked girls down on their hands and knees so he can fuck them doggy style from behind while watching them making out, swapping tongue and having hot lesbian sex all around him. He’s been in many sex orgies before, but the Greedy Bitches are taking it to another level. The girls are sucking his cock and balls while eating out the blonde’s gushing cunt and tender asshole, and the more the two get into it, the last thing on their minds is the coveted diamond thong, exactly what the Greedy Bitches want! Two naked girls sit on his face and cock so they can ride his member and feel his tongue in their pussies and by the time this wild sex orgy is over, the Greedy Bitches will be covered in hot cum, but with the diamond thong in their hands!