When I came back home from the office earlier than usual, I didn’t expect to see our nanny fucking herself on our bed! There she was, a sexy blonde, naked in bed except for her cute striped socks and her cotton panties dangling around her ankles while finger banging her gushing pussy in the bed I share with my wife. She was shoving two digits into her gaping cunt, oozing with pussy juices, what a view! She was talking dirty and moaning loudly, writhing in bed while masturbating. Even her tight little asshole twitched as she gave herself an intense orgasm. Even after that she kept drilling her snatch with her fingers, as if they weren’t enough to quench her crotch fire. I decided to interrupt the little slut, after all, our son was crying in his bedroom and she was masturbating instead of doing her job of keeping an eye on him. I told her my wife is not cool with shit like this and she would most likely fire her ass on the spot as soon as I told her what she was doing. While I berated her, the horny teen slut noticed I couldn’t take my eyes off her pussy and began flirting with me with her legs spread open in front of me. After all, we could both get something out of this situation, right? Her fingers hadn’t done the trick and her pussy was still craving a big hard cock inside of it. The young naked girl began playing with herself again, this time right in front of me, making my dick hard. Then she grabbed it in her hands, sucking and stroking it and licking and sucking on my balls too. She gave me an amazing blowjob, deepthroating my throbbing erection all the way down to the base and drenching it with her saliva as she choked and gagged on it like a filthy whore. Then she got herself on top, impaling herself on my big dick and riding me in cowgirl position, begging me to cum inside of her pussy and give her a creampie. “Fuck… Oh God fuck me harder” Her vagina was pulsing around the length of my hard dick. “YES! Come inside me, give me your seed, empty your big balls inside my womb. Don’t you dare pull out.” I blew my load inside of her and felt that sticky hot cum oozing from her slit and running down my cock, dripping all over my balls as she pushed it back inside her and kept riding me.   Hot shots of semen kept filling her up as I pulled her back onto my pole, her cunt sucking my cum into her while her own orgasm coated my dick. Her cunt was full of my cum. My hard cock kept stretching her tight pussy as I pushed deeper and deeper. My hot spunk shooting deep inside her vagina, making her wetter with every thrust as I came and came inside her fertile cunt. I came and came and came inside her slick, tight tunnel, my balls pumping out the largest load of my life inside her pussy. I pounded her with all I had, spreading her even wider as I forced my cum into her. The room was filled with her moans and the squishy sound. I didn’t think I would ever stop cumming; it was even running out of her cunt as I pushed more and more of it up her soaking cunt. The bed underneath her was wet with cum leaking from her cunt, it splashed as I thrust inside her. She enclosed me with her thighs and dug her heels deep in my back, having an orgasm. It made me keep fucking her and cumming inside her! When the spurting finally stopped, I collapsed on her breast. We lay there together for a few minutes until our breaths slowed and I finally pulled out. How on earth I was going to explain the mess when my wife got home?