A paparazzi was following Jessa Rhoads all day for the latest segment of “Pornstars Are Just Like Us!” and she really got tired of it and repeatedly told him to stay away. The man was using a live camera and the fans of the show were watching to a live feed of everything she does. The pornstar finally managed to escape him and went straight to her house. He went there and started sneakily filming her through the window. Also, he got there just in time where she was in a great mood to play with herself a little. His camera was on and he was filming this breathtaking blonde takes her clothes off. The girl really started to enjoy herself with squeezing her tits and rubbing her pink little pussy. He couldn’t believe his luck when he captured some live footage of Jessa playing with her tight pussy and asshole. Suddenly, the hot naked babe looked out the window and saw that same dude that was following him with a camera in his hand! She pulled him inside and decided to embarrass him fucking him and showing all of her dominance. She swiftly pulled his pants down and decided to prove that pornstars are nothing like regular people! She began shoving his huge dong deep down her face. She started giving him a blowjob that he could only dream about in his wildest dreams. He fucked her face for a while before this dominant babe decided to show him a couple of moves. Jessa is an experienced pornstar and could make a man go insane with her skills. She took all of her clothes off except for her white socks and began riding him at an incredible speed. He just sat there and enjoyed as this amazing babe was sliding up and down on his dick very fast. The sexy naked babe then lowered her knees and enjoyed riding his cock as he was fingering her asshole the best way he could. The blonde got really horny and even forget all about the revenge she was planning. She felt his big dick touching the deepest parts of her pussy and she was becoming very satisfied. This famous pornstar then turned around and started jumping on his prick in the opposite direction. Goddamn this is good! Jessa’s body is just incredible. Then, he started rubbing her pussy with one of his hands with drilling her asshole hard from below.   “Just fill my fuckin’ ass with cock!” She loves anal sex and enjoys herself immensely, especially if the man is gifted. She turned around once again and shoved her big tits inside his mouth as she kept on riding that schlong. It was then when she went through her first orgasm. She was so thankful that she wanted to repay him by repeating the stunning blowjob he got at the beginning. She once again gagged on that dick and enjoyed shoving it really deep. That’s when the man decided to take over the control and bent her over to fuck her little ass as hard as he could. Just stunning, and the fact she is enjoying it in the ass only makes her better. She began screaming as he grabbed her butt and penetrated it harder and harder. He held herself onto a couch as he kept going until he came inside that tight little asshole with such a huge pleasure he never felt before. Hopefully this is a new concept in the pornworld, a submissive slut gets fucked and dominated while she tells both the guy who fucks her and the camera that’s she’s a dirty slut. Love it when she tells how she love to be his dirty cum dumpster!