My girlfriend is so fucking hot and sexy, I just want the entire world to know how fucking hot she is, so while we were vacationing and staying at this luxurious hotel room overlooking the whole city, I convinced her of showing off her tits and ass from the balcony. She was wearing a pink bathrobe and as I pressed her against me, she massaged the big throbbing bulge under my pants. She flashed me just a little bit but was hesitant to keep on, so I decided to play a little trick on her, locking her outside on the balcony. The only way I was going to let her back inside was after she let go of the robe so everybody could check out her drop dead gorgeous nude body, her spectacular tits and her divine bubble shaped ass. I guess she realized she wasn’t going to come back inside until she obliged me and at the same time, she was probably getting turned on by the idea of exposing her hot naked body in front of an entire city. She let caution fly with the wind, dropping the bathrobe and exploring her most exhibitionist side. My naked babe leaned against the balcony, looking at me over her shoulder, biting on her lips while shaking that delicious ass like a dirty slut. I knew she had it in her! After pressing her butt cheeks against the window and begging me to let her in, I just couldn’t tell her no. As I spread her legs wide open I could see her pussy was soaking wet as I started eating her out. I shoved my tongue between her tender pussy lips, licking her slit while caressing her legs and hearing her soft moans of pleasure. She pulled down my pants, taking my throbbing erection in her hands, sucking and stroking it with a big smile on her sexy face. My girl passed her tongue all over the tip of my cock while jerking my shaft. I love watching her long tongue lick my big cock. She drooled all over my dick and smeared it on her pretty face, drenching it with her own saliva. My girl is such a good cock sucker!   My beautiful naked girl lied down on the bed, spreading her legs wide open as I penetrated her tight pussy and began fucking her hard in missionary position. She climbed on top of me, impaling herself on my cock and riding me in reverse cowgirl. I held her by her hips as she arched her body back towards me, grinding against my crotch, burying my dick as deep inside her cunt as possible. That type of forced exhibitionism only turned her on!  reached around and held her by the cheeks of her ass. She’s perfect! I put her down on her hands and knees, fucking her doggie style from behind, burying her face between the bed sheets, urging me to keep fucking her hard, pushing her tight ass back up against my throbbing cock, asking for more and more. She wanted me to fuck her brains out. My heavy, cum filled balls were slapping hard against her ass as I continued to pound her cunt. Pretty soon I was going to have her nice tits and ass covered with my hot cum!