Kendall is a beautiful blond with hazel eyes receiving surfing lessons from this handsome surfer stud at the beach on a sunny day. Pretty soon, the sexy bikini girl is surfing her first waves and feeling that adrenaline rush of raw excitement mixed up with sexual arousal that makes her blood boil hot. She follows her surf instructor back to the beach where they start making out on a beach chair. He kisses her soft breasts and perky nipples, moving down her midriff and her navel until he’s between her legs, eating her out. She bites her lips and spreads her legs as she feels his slick tongue nibbling on her clit and pushing her tender pink pussy lips apart while licking her wet slit. A beautiful scene, so intimately tender and intensely erotic. The chemistry between the guy and Kendall is tangible and real it almost feels wrong watching them make love. The sexy blonde pants for breath as he rubs her cunt with his fingers and continues eating her out. They kiss and she can taste her own pussy on his lips and tongue. She strokes his big hard cock, feeling how erect it is and she gets down on her knees so she can suck on it. He holds her head still and removes her hands from his cock so he can fuck her mouth. Kendall continues blowing her surfer dude and looking into his eyes while giving him head. He lies on his back and the beautiful naked girl straddles herself on top, guiding his throbbing erection into her tight pussy so she can ride him in cowgirl position. She grinds her pelvis against his crotch, feeling that big dick inside her pussy, filling her up and making her feel so excited. She likes to be on top because she is in charge, controlling the speed and intensity of her thrusts to accommodate to her pleasure and her lover’s. When he grabs her cute little ass and takes charge, she gets so excited, the sudden loss of control and feeling him pounding her so hard makes her pussy gush. He spreads her butt cheeks with his hands and she can feel her asshole twitching and contracting with every thrust of his hard cock.   The naked blonde flips over and squats as she rides on the surfer’s rod in reverse cowgirl position. The sight of this gorgeous, tall, freckle faced blonde riding his dick with her tight pussy to be one of the most exciting visions I’d ever seen. He puts her down on all fours, fucking her doggy style from behind and pulling her hands behind her back, leaving her on her knees and pressing her head against the beach chair. She stands and he continues to fuck her from behind, grabbing her neck and pressing her hot body against hiss as they kiss and swap tongue. Back on the beach chair, he fucks her in missionary position and Kendall holds her knees against her chest, eager to feel the surfer’s big creamy cum load. Don’t miss the full video and watch as he teaches blonde beach-babe Kendall how to make a man cum properly with her mouth and hands. Surfing is a lot like fucking, Kendall realizes, she just has to hold on tight to the board and ride those waves, just like she holds on tight and rides her lover’s delicious cock all the way to an incredible orgasm!