When this hot brunette mature stepmom finds some mysterious charges on her credit card bill for lesbian porn, it doesn’t take her long to figure out her stepdaughter and her friend were the ones watching them. When the girls come back home, she sits them down so they can have a talk about the charges. If her stepdaughter and her friend want to watch lesbian porn so much, they might as well show her, so she orders the young lesbians to start kissing in front of her. If they want to be lesbians they should learn how to make love properly! The mom grabs her stepdaughter and pulls her towards her, bending her over her knee. She lifts her mini skirt and spanks her tight ass. Her friend can’t believe what she’s seeing! Her cotton panties are cushioning the spankings, so the MILF pulls them down her stepdaughter’s ass and continues slapping her ass. If her fiend thinks she’s getting off the hook so easily, she’s dead wrong! Her friend’s stepmom makes her bend over and pull her shorts and panties down too, so she can receive her share of the much deserved spanking. She grabs their faces and buries them between her big tits, pulling her bra down so the young naked girls can lick and suck on her nipples, just like the lesbian porn stars in the lezzy flicks they watch do. She wants to find out which of them has been watching the most of that lesbian porn so she sits on the back of the couch, spreading her legs wide open and making the girls eat her cunt. She begins with her stepdaughter. The little slut wiggles her juicy bubble butt while licking her wet slit, while the cougar orders her friend to remove her top. Now she’s totally naked and turned on, touching herself while she watches her friend with her stepmom. After letting her stepdaughter eat her out, it’s her friend’s turn to use her silky tongue on the stepmom’s gushing twat.   The mom can tell the teen girls have both learned a lot from watching those dirty lesbian porn videos and probably practicing what they saw with each other, because they do a great job at eating her out. The naked woman spreads her stepdaughter’s friend’s legs on the couch and munches on her cunt, fucking her wet slit with her experienced tongue while her stepdaughter spanks her ass from behind. She can feel her spitting on her asshole and passing her tongue all over it, rimming her very own stepmom, what a slut! The three lesbians switch positions so the MILF can lick her step daughter’s cunt while her friend is feasting on her asshole, tossing her salad wickedly. She was upset at her stepdaughter for using her dad’s credit card to get lesbian porn, but now she can see its value and she’s actually very glad that this happened. These three sluts eat each other’s pussies and make their own lesbian porno! This is a great bonding experience and from now on, they are watching those hot lesbian porn movies together while having lots of steamy lesbian threesome sex!