I saw this breath taking brunette in a sexy top and flowered shorts walking down the street at the mall. She was so hot and sex, she was not wearing a bra and her huge tits are barely contained, nipples poking through her thin shirt. I walked up to her and introduced myself. I told her I was an art student in search of a model for my paintings and convinced her to take part in some modeling… and a little bit more! With such a beautiful face and body to match, I was actually surprised she hadn’t done any modeling before. The girl had just bought a nice little new dress at the store and she showed me how it looked on her, putting it on over her clothes. Then she removed the ones underneath and while doing so, I got a glimpse of her big all natural jugs. She put on her glasses and she looked so fucking hot, sexy and smart! She was absolutely the whole package! She wasn’t working at the time, so I made her a generous offer to model nude for me. First, I needed to see how comfortable she was with being nude, so I offered her 200 bucks to flash me right there in the middle of the street. Looking around to make sure nobody else was watching, the hot teen babe pulled her dress down and gave me another look at those beautiful plump breasts. The most beautiful boobs I’ve ever seen! Without a doubt, the biggest, most beautiful tits, seemingly out of place with her petite body. For more bucks, she even let me touch them. Man, they were so tender and soft. I offered her even more cash and she reached over and grabbed my cock in her hands, jerking me off while giving me this dirty stare. So lascivious! I took her around the corner to the back so we would have some more privacy and there the sexy girl got down on her knees, removing her glasses and giving me a great blowjob. I could feel it hit the back of her throat and I jumped from the intense feeling. She just held it there and used her throat muscles to massage the head of my dick. Her big tits dangled from the top of her dress as she sucked hard on my sausage and made sexy cock sucking sounds while moaning with pleasure. This wasn’t just about the money; this sexy slut was enjoying my cock. She drooled all over it and the saliva dripped down her chin and all over her tits as she placed my throbbing member between them and gave me a fabulous titjob. I put her down on her hands and knees. Her gorgeous ass was in front of me! Her pussy was wating me to fuck her.   Unable to hold back anymore, I pushed in balls deep into her young cunt, making her bite her lip to keep from crying out. I began pounding her hard doggy style from behind. Her pussy was tight and she was oozing juice from her slit. She began to moan again as I slapped her perfect ass! Then I lied on the floor as the busty teen straddled herself on top, taking a ride on my meat pole in cowgirl position, moaning loudly with her beautiful tits bouncing up and down over her blue little dress. Those massive tits were bouncing in my face as this dirty Latina rode my cock for cash… I love young girls with big tits! How long could I hold on? As she rode my cock I sucked on her tits. When I first bit her nipple she let out a small scream and then started an orgasm that was like I had never seen or heard before. She pressed her big jugs together while eagle spread with her back to the floor, getting fucked hard in missionary position. I grabbed her by her blue dress, hypnotized by the rhythmic motions of her delicious boobs underneath and just thinking about blowing my creamy load all over them. I couldn’t wait to have her model for me and then fuck her some more!