Squirting orgasms fans make sure you don’t miss this video. This slut has one orgasm after another very easily and frequently. This sultry brunette in a sexy white dress has booked an appointment with a young student therapist. She is going to talk to him about her obsession with sex. The therapist tries his best to help her out until he realizes that she’s not here for help. She loves sex and she loves to seduce strangers. She entices him, grabbing a big cock shaped dildo from her bag and using her fingers on her dripping wet pussy. She loves to tempt strangers and crossing the line. It’s her favorite way to get off. She has seduced professors, cops, lawyers and her previous therapist. This young man doesn’t stand a chance against her charms. She shamelessly shows him how she likes to masturbate with the dildo, fucking her gushing pussy with it. In a few seconds, she begins to squirt, her cunt is squirting pussy juice all over his desk. Sex obsessed slut can’t wait, she grabs the therapist’s hard cock, sucking and stroking it. She deep throats his dick all the way down to the base. He shoves his fingers in her pussy and masturbates her, giving her an intense squirting orgasm. He starts licking her clit, making her squirt more and more. The naked girl squirts right in his face, in his mouth, like a geyser! He spreads her legs wide open, penetrating and fucking her in missionary position. She keeps having squirting orgasms. She straddles herself atop his lap and impales her wet snatch on his throbbing member, riding the therapist in cowgirl position and wondering how many more times his hard cock might make her squirt all over his office. The crazy slut flips over and squats while riding him reverse cowgirl and rubbing her cunt. Pretty soon she is having another squirting orgasm, spraying pussy juices all over the floor. Her cunt just can’t stop squirting! He puts her down on her hands and knees, spanking her juicy bubble butt while pounding her cunt doggy style from behind. She’s going to need many more sessions with her therapist! 