This hot, young brunette is soaking up the sun by the pool in her home while her boyfriend gropes her meaty tits. He is trying to get into hot, young, brunette’s pants, but she explains that her dad is home and will catch them. The girl knows they have to keep an eye out on her daddy, who watches over her like a hawk, but it turns her on the way her boyfriend rubs her cunt and sucks on her puffy nipples despite the risk of getting caught red handed by him. He applies some lotion on her perky tits and her long legs, rubbing it all over her soft skin with his hands and making her body all slippery and slick. He gets in the water and the hot teen sits by the edge of the pool, spreading her legs as he pushes her bikini bottom aside and eats her out. He’s munching on her muff when her daddy comes through the patio door and she sinks her boyfriend’s head under the water so he doesn’t realize what they are doing. With her dad interrupting all the time, he has to get creative if he’s going to bang her sweet, tight pussy! The dad wants to have a talk with his daughter in the kitchen. She’s already 18 and in college and he wants her to focus more on her studies and less on her boyfriend. But she doesn’t want to study; she wants her boyfriend’s hard dick! Matter of fact, while her daddy is lecturing her on how guys like Tyler only want sex, he is hiding right behind her, spreading her lovely ass cheeks and eating out her pussy and asshole! She manages to get her dad off her case and sneaks her boyfriend into her bedroom. The teen girl just can’t wait to get between his legs and worship his cock. She grabs his big hard cock in her hands, sucking and stroking it.   His dick is the only thing she is interested in studying. Her dad comes knocking on the door, and Tyler hides under the bed. She keeps jerking his rod while her daddy continues lecturing her. What a party pooper! He leaves them alone and the young naked girl squats over his dick, pushing it inside her wet cunt and riding her boyfriend on her bed. He puts her down on all fours on her bed, penetrating and fucking her tight cunt doggy style from behind. She gets back on top and keeps riding his dick, pressing her body against his and moaning loudly. She lies on her back and he sits on her chest, fucking her tits with his big juicy dick. Love this sneaky sex scene. The naked girl keep sucking his dick. This girl has a gorgeous face, feet, and knows how to please a guy with a long stiff cock. He fucks her titties, placing his huge cock between them and squeezing it with them. So sexy. He keeps stretching her young sweet pussy out with his huge cock in all possible positions. The girl hopes her daddy doesn’t come in when Tyler’s cumming all over her!