My sexy blonde girlfriend and her best friend, a hot brunette, just came back from the mall and bought matching colorful elephant onesies and put them on to see what I thought. The girls looked real geeky with the cute onesies and their glasses, but as soon as they flashed me their hot naked bodies underneath, they instantly turned into smoking hot sexual bombshells and got my dick hard in a second! The babes got me on bed and started sucking and stroking my throbbing erection together while still wearing their onesies. I had no idea that my girlfriend had been planning this threesome with her best friend and me for quite some time, and I was really happy that they decided to do it. My girl was drooling all over my dick and slapping it against her friend’s pink tongue, giggling with pleasure and excitement. She took her friend’s head and pushed it against my crotch so she could swallow my cock whole. She couldn’t quite do it, so my girl showed her how she deep throats my dick all the way down to my balls. She couldn’t believe it! She passed my dick back to her friend and while she sucked it, she took care of my balls, popping them in her wet mouth and polishing them up with her moist saliva. Each one sucked on one of my balls while my horny girl was jerking my rod and they exchanged sloppy kisses as they licked and slurped the tip together. I put my girl down on her hands and knees and penetrated her tight pussy, fucking her doggy style from behind while her sexy friend spread her legs wide open in front of her so she could lick her wet cunt. I didn’t even have to fuck her, I just stood still as she wiggled her juicy bubble butt back up against my cock while snacking on her friend’s twat. I slapped her ass and she buried her face between her blonde friend’s thighs. I moved on to her sexy friend and fucked her in missionary position while my girlfriend sat on her face and got her muff eaten out by her. I slapped my girl’s ass while she rode on her friend’s face and I kept pounding her tight pussy. The naked girl got off my cock and let my girlfriend get back on top, pushing it deep inside her gushing cunt and riding me in cowgirl position. Her friend grabbed her ass and spread her butt cheeks apart with her hands, exposing her twitching asshole and her wet muff getting stuffed by my dick meat. The blonde got down on her hands and knees with my girlfriend on top of her and I took turns fucking them both doggy style from behind, moving from one tight pussy to the other until I was ready to share my creamy cum load with them both after such an amazing threesome. 