I’m all about doing good whenever I can so when this innocent girl selling cookies for charity came knocking on my door, I decided to do my good deed of the day. The teen girl looked real cute and sexy at the same time in her schoolgirl outfit and I invited her in to see if she could convince me to buy the whole batch of cookies. She certainly knew how! She hiked up her uniform and showed me her tiny white thong underneath, dancing suggestively for me. The young girl stripped down to her top and thong and grabbed a bottle of lube and poured it all over her body while dancing. Absolutely gorgeous body. She is blessed with immaculate slender form, elegant, innocent, adorable body. She rubbed the oily lube all over her pussy and her ass, dripping and oozing down her thighs. Her skin was shining and her body glistened, slippery and slick for me. The string of her thong dug into the crack of her cute little ass and in between her pussy lips and the oil drenched fabric of her top stuck to her small breasts and showed the contours of her perky nipples. She took off the lube soaked top and thong and continued pouring more lube all over her naked body as my dick just kept getting bigger and harder watching her. Long gone was that innocent cookie selling schoolgirl, replaced by a lubed up teen fuck slut. She got on her back and kept her legs spread wide open as I took the bottle of lube and continued lubing her up. I began licking her meaty pink pussy taco while she kept moaning and grunting softly. I nibbled on her clit and fondled her lubed breasts. I slid my tongue down her slit and started to push it into her wet pussy, tasting her juices. The young naked girl got on her knees, opened her mouth and pulled out her tongue and I slapped my dick against it several times. I pushed it inside her wet mouth and she sucked hard on it like a good girl. I grabbed her by the back of her head, ramming my sausage down her throat and making her gag on my erection. I put her back in missionary position.   Seeing my hard erection she took it with her tiny hand and guided it to the opening of her 18 year old vagina. I slid myself fully into her, slamming in and out of her juicy, vice-like snatch. I held her by her thighs, pushing her body back up against me as I fucked her on my massage table. I hammered away into the little girl beneath me, my balls were slapping against her cute ass. She got down on her hands and knees and I fucked her doggy style from behind. She grabbed her butt cheeks with her hands and spread them wide open for me so I could penetrate her even deeper. I grabbed her hands, planting them on her ass and keeping them there as I nailed her against the massage table. Next, I lied flat on my back and the cute naked girl straddled herself on top, pushing my lubed up dick into her wet cunt and riding it in reverse cowgirl position. She flipped over and rode me even faster. I could feel the cum boiling, because her tight pussy felt amazing! She grabbed my throbbing dick with her small hands and then I felt such a sweet release into her mouth that I nearly passed out. When I started to cum she stopped stroking and swallowed my dick to my groin and let the cum shoot straight down her throat. I was definitely sold on her cock riding skills; I just wasn’t sold on her cookies quite yet!