Ever since her stepdaughter came back home from college, her stepmother has found her territory invaded by her. The blonde teen spends the day by the pool, obviously distracting the pool boy. The naughty teen flirts with him, flashing him her titties in a red bikini. She definitely has his attention, that is, until her stepmom decides to pull out the big guns, stepping into the pool area in a yellow swimsuit that puts her big tits and sensual curves on full display. She pushes the teen girl into the pool and gives the pool boy a glimpse of her big tits. The pool boy is immediately hooked by the MILF’s charms. The MILF wants him for herself and no blonde teen slut is going to get in her way. With her stepdaughter out of the way, she relaxes and soaks up the sun while the pool boy applies sun lotion to her big mouth watering breasts. This boyish guy has never seen so big tits! They stop when her husband approaches, wondering what’s going on with his daughter. The cougar makes up some story about her slipping and embarrassing herself in front of the pool boy so she can get him out of the way. With her husband gone, the slut spreads her legs wide open and pulls her yellow bikini bottom aside, so the teenage boy can eat her out. Too bad her husband keeps nosing around, but at least it’s not stopping the horny pool boy from snacking on her snatch. She manages to get him off her back and makes out passionately with the pool boy. He sucks hard on her nipples and buries his face between her big boobs. She pulls down his pants and takes his throbbing erection in her hands, it’s so big and hard! The horny cougar licks the tip with her slick tongue while jerking his shaft and begins sucking it slowly, moaning with satisfaction. She cups his balls in one hand while sucking and stroking his delicious member. She squeezes his balls and he can feel them filled with cum. She lies on the big bed and the boy gets behind her, pushing his massive cock deep inside her tight cunt and pounding her so hard. Despite his young age, his dick is huge.   The MILF loves his young massive cock deep into her cunt. He kisses her lips, grabs her big tits and presses her mature body against his own as they passionately fuck. He lies on his back and the naked woman sits on his lap, impaling her cunt on his meaty sword and riding it in reverse cowgirl position. Lovely women with ultimate thirst for sex! She flips over so she can give him a good view of her wonderful tits while the pool boy’s hard cock fills her up completely, it feels so snug inside her snatch as they are banging away. The pool boy is a passionate lover and they embrace and kiss as the beautiful naked woman grinds her perfect ass on top of him. She grabs his dick again so she can suck it and lube it up so the pool boy can keep fucking her! Don’t forget to download the full video and watch him cumming all over her wonderful boobs, not paying any attention to her husband. For her, this boy turns out to be the ultimate pool boy toy. Lisa Ann is a Goddess… I do really want to see a sequel to this scene with both of them sucking and fucking. Maybe the stepdaughter tries to get revenge by fucking Jordi and then Lisa comes in and teaches her some things. Yes This Is A Plan… nest week maybe?