A cute blondie s forced to take music lessons which her parents said are very important for her education. However, she is quite rebellious and she doesn’t take shit from her music teacher. She tries playing for a while but gets bored very quickly and so she throws away her instrument, only to get down on all fours. This revealed that she was wearing no panties and that she had a buttplug inside of her. The teacher noticed this and got the teenage girl to lay over his lap where she would be spanked a few times, but eventually, he pulls the buttplug out and starts fingering her butt for a while. The girl gets way too horny and decides that she has to suck on the old man’s cock as she now wanted to please him. He gets a belt behind her head and forces the girl to swallow his entire cock which was a great idea. Then he lays down and takes a position that’s a little bit more comfortable and she starts sucking on his huge cock, but she also sucks on his nuts for a while as it is quite obvious that she likes them very much. He even holds the balls for the teen slut to suck on them nicely. The the old pervert puts the girl on top of a table, her young juicy cunt is soaked and she wants him just as bad as he wants her. He shoves his cock deep inside of her pussy and starts fucking her hard in the missionary position while holding onto her body. He also slaps her tits a few times and holds onto her leg as he fucks her. He also rubs her pussy while slamming he cunt deep inside. The girl shakes very hard while taking a dick inside of her tight wet love hole and even screams for more in a rush of pure pleasure.   The man gets her legs behind her head and starts licking her asshole that got all wet from all the pussy juices. After he lubed the butthole up nicely with his spit he decides to get her to lay down and spreads her legs. Then his cock goes inside of her tight wet butt hole and he fucks her slowly at first while gently teasing her tight wet cunt for a short time. She loves the feeling of her cute little ass being filled with his hard dick, being stretched, being fucked. His fat cock enters her tight asshole once more, but this time in the reverse cowgirl position where he grabs on to her cute little butt as his meat goes deeper inside her ass and she moans and screams. Eventually, her ass loosens up and the demolishing begins as she bounces up and down on his fat white meat. After this she decides that it’s best that she sucks on his fat dick for a while and she indeed does so, but this doesn’t last too long as she wants dick inside her asshole once more so she bends over for him and lets him fuck her asshole up in the doggy style position as his cock goes in and out of her tight wet ass.