The girl next door sure is tiny as fuck, but I could not resist her as she has a gorgeous body. I mean, who cares about her being so short and all that when she has a gorgeous little pair of tits and an amazing butt. I kept thinking about her too much, knowing I could fuck her up with my massive cock. I could even pick her up and throw her around like a rag doll. It was quite fun. Her lumps were plump as fuck, too, so I had to force her to suck on my dick as I knew it would feel amazing when she sucks on it. First off, I decided to lift her shirt up and play with her cute little nipples for a little while and then I’d get her to go down on her knees where she would suck on my dick nicely. The small girl struggled with the cock for a little while, often stopping to rest and choking. Then I picked her up and started eating her teen pussy while having her suck on my dick. Itty-bitty teen babe may be tiny, but she’s got some plump lips – both above and below! My big cock was rock-hard, I wanted to fuck her little cunt ’til she came screaming all over my cock. I wanted to see my cum drip out of her sweet pussy, then watch as she wiped it up with her finger and licked it off. Soon enough I would get her to get on top of me and to ride my dick. The naked girl slowly lowered her petite body onto my giant prick, making both of us enjoy a long exquisite moment as I slid into her cunt. It barely fit inside of her, and as she moved her hips I could notice her moaning and struggling with it, but she enjoyed it completely. I grabbed her butt and squeezed it and spanked her time to time as she rode me faster and faster. Most of my cock could not fit inside of her, but the few inches that did fit, she handled in a great way. Her butt looks so cute when it bounces, but her titties look even better when they bounce around in my face.   The sex doll decided to squat while I pounded her tight wet pussy and she felt the need to hold my hand while taking my dick, as it was pretty painful for her, I guess. The young naked girl at on my dick once more in reverse cowgirl and took it deep inside while she let me toy with her clitoris. Then she laid back on me and let me fuck her full nelson as she could not bear the reverse cowgirl. I put my hands behind her head, and her legs were up in the air, and I fucked her pussy so hard that she couldn’t even breathe properly, but you know she loved it. I eventually got her pussy stretching out after so much hard pounding, and she loved seeing it torn apart by my big, massive cock. She would not let me pull out, and so she stood up a bit and started riding it on her own in reverse cowgirl. She took dick nicely and moaned while my nuts slapped her pussy whenever I went too hard on her tight wet slit. I picked her up completely and started fucking her cunt as hard as I could. I pulled my cock from her swollen cunt and turned her on all fours. By the time I was done with her pussy was pretty much falling apart.