Two naughty schoolgirls were spending time with their professor in detention. The girls are put in detention for making a joke out of sex ed. But the punishment does not seem to get them to take things any more seriously. They are virgins anyway, why do they need sex ed? So, while the teacher is out, they decide to do a little experimentation. They touch each other to see what sex really feels like. The redhead got the brunette to whip her titties out, and she started sucking on them while making sure that she doesn’t go too hard. The redhead got her pussy out while keeping her skirt on, and the brunette teased her cute little pussy, but also she teased her ass hole for a while. The redhead then played around with the brunette’s pussy, too. Then the schoolgirls both started to feel each other’s pussies up but they teased each other’s tight ass holes, and they eventually started licking each other’s ass holes really hard. When the teacher walks back in, the girls, lost in their lust, are licking each other pussy on his desk! He tried to scold them but the sluts really needed a dick! They had been talking about anal sex so long that now they just needed to try it! “Oh my god, what would I give for a big cock now.” The sluts pulled out the teacher’s dick and both started sucking on his dick and licking on his balls. Then he started eating their pussies out and licking their butt holes while making sure that while he was licking one girl out, he was fingering the other so that they would not feel left out. The girls also kissed while getting pleased by the old man who eventually decided to shove his cock inside of their holes. They seemed to enjoy anal sex a lot in particular. The brunette laid down and started making out with the redhead while getting her asshole fucked. He quickly got into teaching mode and showed the girls what full anal penetration felt like. Gliding in and out of their wet and hungry cunts and their tight assholes, this teacher has never felt so fulfilled. Their detention ended up when all their holes were fucked and the sluts lastly got them filled all with huge cumshots. 