I came back home and realized my stepsister had been using my laptop, so I went up to her bedroom to have a conversation about it. I told her many times not to touch my stuff and this time I had had enough, so I let her know I would tell on her with our parents. Well, that’s when she told me she would tell them all about the sister porn I had been surfing on my laptop which she found while using it. Fuck, now she had me wrapped around her finger! I tried to pretend that it wasn’t as if I actually wanted to fuck my own stepsister, so she asked then why my dick was so hard! Fuck, my hard on was a dead giveaway! The little slut reached out and grabbed it in her soft hands. Turns out she got so excited watching sibling porn and she masturbated on the couch while browsing through all of it and now she wanted to actually act out this fantasy. The little teen whore pulled my cock out from under my boxers and took it to her wet mouth, sucking and stroking it just like the slutty sisters in the videos she had watched. I told her to take off her top so I could take a good look at her titties while she continued sucking my cock. My naked sister looked so fucking cute and hot at the same time, looking at me with those big brown eyes while munching on my sausage. She lied down on her back, spreading her legs wide open as I pushed my hard cock into her tight pussy and began fucking her in missionary position. I was actually inside my stepsister and she was moaning softly while rubbing her cunt. I groped her titties as I nailed her hard against her bed. Her pussy was perfectly shaved and felt so soft and tight as I banged her. I pulled out and blew my load all over her cute face and she opened up wide to catch all the cum she could in her mouth. The next day, I locked myself up in the bathroom to jerk off to some sister porn and she came in, ready to take care of my throbbing erection! She didn’t even care our mom was sleeping in the room next door! She sucked my cock and balls and I came in her mouth. Later she made me fuck her pussy in her room. I fucked her in all possible possitions while fingering her asshole and came in her! 