Brandi and Mick are a mature couple and they are really excited to have young couple Abella and Jessy move in next door, so they invite their new neighbors over for dinner. The young couple admires how Brandi and Mick keep their relationship hot and spicy despite 20 years together and Jessy can’t help asking what their secret is. Mick is more than happy to share, inviting them upstairs to their bedroom. The secret to keeping his beautiful wife satisfied at all times is a pair of Motor Bunnies on their bed, top notch Sybian style fucking machines. The MILF invites the teen girl to test it out. Jealous that the girl is having all the fun, Brandi strips and sits down on the second Motorbunny while the guys wager on who will cum first! The mature blonde with big tits rides the dildo machine, with Jessy’s husband at the controls. As the big vibrating dildos on the Motor Bunnies make their pussies gush wet, the girls grab the guys’ hard cocks and suck on them. The naked woman deep throats Jessy’s rod while her husband is fucking Abella’s cock hungry mouth. The girl buries her face between Brandi’s generous breasts as the guys fuck each other’s wives doggy style from behind. Brandi rides on Jessy’s cock and Abella gets into a steamy 69 with Mick, sucking his dick while he eats her out. The naked girls switch partners and take a ride side by side on their rock hard cocks like seasoned cowgirls. Both girls are so sexy. I wish my neighbors were like this. Fuck! Fuck yeah more videos like this, simultaneous cowgirl! I’m in porn heaven! Abella gets fucked doggy style by Jessy while Brandi sucks Mick’s cock and gets fucked in missionary while Jessy rubs her wet cunt until everybody cums together. As long as they have Brandi and Mick for neighbors, this young couple doesn’t have to worry about their sex life getting boring! I love Abella but Brandi loves body is insane. Gets better and better. The 45 year old MILF never makes a bad scene, great body pretty face, actually slutty face, stockings on those beautiful legs. Watch more swinger scenes with older couples and young couples. 