While this drop dead gorgeous brunette MILF walks around the house in her skimpy sun dress, she can’t keep her eyes off the pool boy. Feeling so hot, and not just because of the weather, she hits the showers, stripping naked and applying the shower massager to her big tits. She spreads her legs wide open and lathers up her snatch, shaving her cunt and leaving it perfectly smooth. While she does this, the naughty teen boy comes by and spies on the beautiful naked woman. Of course she notices, but she likes this. It turns her on and she bets her ass it turns him on too. The naked woman signals the young man to join her in the shower and eat out her dripping wet pussy. He licks her slit and stimulates her clit with his tongue while fingering her. She wonders if the pool boy is as good with his cock as he is with his tongue and fingers. The sexy woman fondles and squeezes her melons while the pool boy orally pleasures her. She turns on the shower so the hot water pours over them as she gets down on her hands and knees, sucking the pool boy’s huge erection. His young cock is so big and so hard and it tastes delicious inside her dick hungry mouth. He grabs her head and pushes it against his crotch, thrusting his dick down her throat and making her gag on it. He does this several times, and as the saliva builds up in her mouth, she lets it drip all over his dick and balls, drenching them with her drool. She realizes the pool boy is just about to cum and she drops to her knees, opening her mouth while jerking him off and making him cum in her mouth. Her sweet mouth was just too much for him to handle. His spunk is delicious, but the pool boy came too fast for her taste. That’s alright; this seasoned cougar knows how to make young men like him cum again.   After draining every last drop of cum from his cock and smearing it all over her pretty face, she continues sucking it, making sure it stays rock hard. The naked woman gets on her back, spreads her legs wide open and pushes it deep inside her tight cunt so he can fuck her in missionary position, pushing her perfect body against it. He lies back and she sits on his cock, her juicy bubble butt bouncing on his lap. The perfect naked babe flips over and continues riding on the pool boy’s erection. Yes! Love the riding with nice pair of tits in the face! He holds her by her hips, moving his hands down her gorgeous ass, holding her meaty buttocks in his hands as she impales herself on his cock, moaning and grunting with satisfaction. Finally, she gets down on her hands and knees so he can fuck her gushing snatch doggy style from behind and maybe this time he will blow all his creamy cum on her butt or her big juicy tits. 