My stepsis is such a shameless fuck slut! She came back home in the morning from a date with her BF and wanted me to fuck her, stripping naked right in front of me, telling me she wanted me to cum inside her as many times as I wanted to. Teasing me with her big tits and big round ass, fully naked she climbed on my bed and spread her legs wide open, grabbing her vibrator and using it on her pussy. That’s when I noticed her cunt was already full of cum, oozing between her thighs as she played with herself. Looked like her boyfriend didn’t fill her up enough and she wanted me to finish the job. The horny naked girl got down on her knees and grabbed my big throbbing erection, admiring its size as she sucked, stroked it and massaged my balls. She had her gorgeous eyes locked on mine as she did her best to deep throat my dick. She lubed it up with her saliva and as I held her head still with my hands, I fucked her slutty mouth. The drool was dripping down her chin as I rammed my dick down her throat and watched her eyes watering. I was ready to cum in her mouth but she wanted me to cum in her cunt. I lied on my back and my naked sister got on top, stuffing her pussy with my dick and I could feel her cunt was wet with cum inside of her, what a filthy fuck slut! It didn’t matter, pretty soon he’s be filled with my spunk instead. She begged me to give her all of my cum as I banged her in reverse cowgirl position. It didn’t take me long to blow my creamy load inside her snatch. I retrieved my cock and she begged me to stick it back inside her and give her another creampie. I blew my load inside her and this time, as I pulled out, the warm cum started oozing from her slit and dripping down her thighs. I pushed my dick back inside her cunt and continued banging her, feeling my cum dripping down my shaft and balls. My cum slut sister flipped over and rode me in cowgirl position and I pressed her against me, feeling her big tits on my chest as I blew my load again, injecting her tight fuck funnel with even more thick spunk. I felt she had an orgasm too, I felt her wet, cum-slick cunt wrapped around me, her vagina was milking my dick. As soon as she started cumming, my cock unloaded a galon of cum deep into her vagina. Our cum mixed and trailed down both our thighs and legs. We kept fucking and the cum made squishy noises as I pumped her pussy with dick meat, her cunt and ass and my dick and balls plastered with the many creampies deposited inside her.   My sister felt huge spurts of my cum in her pussy, and it made her cum even harder. I bent my naked sister over and used my dick as a spoon, scooping out all that excess spunk from her cunt. “Oh, that was so good,” she said, reachind down to scoop the dripping creampie out of her pussy. She sucked a glob off her finger, and moaned in pleasure. I fucked my cum dumpster sister from behind and sideways and there was just no way to fill her up, she kept begging me for more and more cum. I continued to thrust my cum-spurting cock into her creamy cunt until her cunt milked my cock and balls dry. My slutty sister began to scream and cum, I shot my huge load deep in her pussy again. We lied on the couch, still sweaty and hot from the sex. She was hot and screaming loud as we came together, finally collapsing on the bed. There was a puddle of spunk under her ass by the time I blew my last load inside her!