This guy is having a sleepover at his friend’s house and when he goes to brush his teeth in the bathroom before going to sleep, he just so happens to spot his friend’s hot mom sucking dick! Of course his friend doesn’t even want to hear about it when he returns to his bedroom to tell him what he just saw. What he doesn’t know is that his friend’s mom saw him eavesdropping and early in the morning; she decides to pay him a visit in her son’s bedroom. The MILF slips in wearing a curve hugging pink dress and after making sure her son is still deep asleep in the top bunk, she focuses her attention on the friend, who pulls off the covers and lets her see his morning wood. It’s so big, thick and hard, she can’t resist wrapping her soft fingers around it and stroking it. The hot mom makes him promise he won’t tell anything about this and of course he agrees. The woman licks it and pops it in her wet mouth, giving her son’s friend a blowjob. His dad’s cock pales in comparison to his friend’s. She’s an expert cock sucker and she goes to town on his big hard sausage, licking, sucking, slurping and kissing it from the base all the way to the tip, glistening with precum. She looks so damn sexy smiling with a big cock in her mouth! The MILF pops her big bubble tits with piercings on her nipples over her dress so the young man can feast on them. He has never seen so beautiful big tits. He puts his face between them and he kisses her meaty breasts, licking, sucking and kissing her perky pierced nipples too. The hot sexy woman leans against the top bunk and he peels her panties down her juicy ass. He licks her wet slit and spreads her butt cheeks with both hands so he can rim her tender little asshole while she fondles her big tits and keeps an eye on her sleeping son. It would be quite an awkward scene if he were to wake up in this moment.   The mom jiggles her gorgeous ass and rubs it against his face, feeling his tongue wriggling in her asshole and her cunt. He rams his hard cock deep inside her pussy and fucks his friend’s hot mom from behind, just a few inches away from him. He stands still and the mature mom pushes her bubble butt back up against his dick, urging him for more. The way she twerks her naked ass is something amazing! She strips fully naked and gets down on her hands and knees on the lower bunk, getting fucked doggy style from behind by her son’s friend. Just take a look at that perfect ass! He is beginning to go insane by the sight of her ass and his dick going in and out between her round buttocks! He sits and she gets on top, impaling her snatch on his meaty sword and riding it in reverse cowgirl position. They have to keep quite so they don’t wake her son up as they fuck like crazy. The hot naked woman rubs her clit while that beefy pole pounds her pussy and he puts her on her back and fucks her in missionary before his friend gets up. It doesn’t matter because he is already cumming all over her mouth and tits and just can’t stop!