This slut will stop at nothing to get her way, which includes fucking, getting a facial and shooting her business partner just days before Christmas. Head accountant, and his ex-girlfriend, suspects she’s up to no good, and with the help of her personal assistant, plots a sexy scheme in order to expose their corrupt boss. To what depths are they willing to go to dig up the truth, and at what cost will it come? The hot brunette started touching her body with a little piece of ice. It went over her lips and over her neck and as it caressed her body gently, he simply could not hold back, and soon enough they started kissing, but the office slut was not satisfied with kissing, so she got down on her knees and started to stroke his huge cock like a horn little bitch. She got so wet alone from sucking on that amazing dick, so it was obvious that she had to get it up inside her tight wet little cunt. The man pushed his cock deep inside her pussy and made sure to fuck the chick’s tight wet cunt as hard as he possibly could while gripping onto her body tightly. She looked at him directly in the eye as he hit all the right spots and made her moan in pleasure. Then she got on top of him and put her wet cunt directly on his face while she sucked on his fat white cock nicely. She also made sure to cup the balls while she sucked. Then, the crazy slut got on top of the man and let him pound her cunt as hard as he wanted to. She must have gotten sore from all this pounding. This reverse cowgirl action got way too intense for her so she decided that she should suck on his nuts a little, but soon enough she just had to get some of that shaft up inside her throat, and for this reason she made sure to suck on the dick as hard as she possibly could. After all that hardcore pounding he finally came all over her face. The slue made him to spurt enormous loads of his cum all over her. His cum tasted so good but it didn’t stop her from shooting him. Don’t miss all four episodes of this porno thriller! 