I’m a simple kind of guy, when a blonde hottie approaches me and says that she wants to star in some porn with me, I say yes immediately. Well, first I check their age and then I say yes. This blonde babe just turned 18 and she immediately wants to start earning that porn money. The teenage girl has a really young and undeveloped body, but I like that too since not every girl I fuck has to have huge tits. Sometimes I love smaller tits with piercings in them like this bitch has. They turn me on and what’s more is that they’re really nice to play with especially when they’ve got perky nipples. So, the tiny blonde makes her little introduction and immediately I can sense that she’s getting turned on. She knows what’s coming, and so do I, so there’s no need to keep things on pause any further. I take off all her clothes and let her lie down on the couch and spread her legs as I lick her pussy for a little bit. The girl just can’t wait to show off her immaculate pussy and I love smooth bulging pussy lips. After I’m done eating her out, there’s nothing more that I would want than her little tight lips around my cock. That’s exactly what happens too. The young naked girl gets down on her knees while I’m standing up and she starts sucking. You can tell that this girl’s been active with her sucking career cause her blowjobs are just ace. She’s sucking that cock better than some girl I know in their mid 20s. She’s had a lot of practice and it shows. What I want to know is how long she can keep this up before she lets me fuck her. After the tiny blonde has done sucking my dick I just had to do her from behind. Basically, I shoved her down on the couch and got her ass to stick out before putting it inside her tight pussy. You will be enthralled with the perfection of her gorgeous ass as she wags it when my cock slides into her little pussy.   This was probably one of the most ecstatic feelings that I have felt in my entire life. I mean a pussy that tight is what dreams are made of. I started fucking her hard with my huge cock and she started moaning like a little slut. The young girl couldn’t take my cock in its entirety with a pussy that small and tight, but I got it in as far as it could go and that was far more than enough for me to feel like I was in heaven while fucking her. After I was done fucking her from behind I decided to fuck her from the front and you could just see that she was nowhere near done. Her eyes were screaming “fuck me more, fuck me more” and so that’s exactly what I did. And after I was done with her from that position I switched positions with her again and let the hot blonde ride me for a bit before fucking her from below in the most savage way possible. I knew I was going to cum soon, so I pulled out and I ended up cumming right in her open mouth.