This guy is preparing some dishes in his kitchen on the weekend getting ready to watch the game with his friend. He arrives with his horny wife, who insisted in accompanying her husband as the designated driver. While his friend grabs some beers from the fridge, his hot blonde wife flirts with him behind her husband’s back, passing her hands all over her big tits and placing his hand under her short dress, so he can feel how wet her pussy is. His friend goes to the living room to watch the game while he stays in the kitchen to finish his cooking, which is going to be pretty hard since his friend’s wife decides to stay in the kitchen with him! She’s TOTALLY HOT with her MASSIVE FAKE TITS, her BUBBLE BUTT, her delicious body, her desirable lips, her lovely eyes and her sublime face. As soon as her hubby makes it out the kitchen door, the slut drops to her knees, grabs the guy’s cock in her hands and begins sucking and stroking it behind the kitchen counter. Looks like she came hungry for cock! It’s pretty awkward when his friend returns to the kitchen asking him if he’s seen his wife! He has to make up some silly answer, like her stomach hurt and she went to the bathroom. Good thing his friend is so gullible! He leaves again and she gets up, bending over the kitchen counter and hiking her dress over her juicy bubble butt, letting him know she’s been a very naughty girl. Fuck, yes, she has! He pushes his cock between her meaty butt cheeks and nails her against the kitchen counter, slamming balls deep into her twat. The hot blonde grabs her ass cheek with one hand and spreads it so he can penetrate her deeper while holding on to the kitchen counter with the other hand. Then the crazy slut lies on top of the counter with her big tits exposed as he rubs his dick on her cunt and shoves it back inside, banging her in missionary position and rubbing her clit at the same time.   She is such a beautiful nasty slut. She gets back on her knees and he holds her head still with his hands while pushing his cock down her throat, fucking her mouth with the same raw intensity he just fucked her pussy. This really turns her on and she straddles herself on top, riding his member in cowgirl position on the kitchen floor. “Fuck me better than my fucking husband!” the blonde yelps as she flips over and continues riding his dick in reverse cowgirl. Can’t get my eyes off her. She is so damm perfect! Her tits are the best all over the business! With her shoulders pinned to the floor, the horny woman raises her lower body up so he can drill her pussy. He grabs her feet and keeps her legs spread wide open while pumping her full of cock meat while his friend is oblivious to the fact that he’s fucking his horny wife’s brains out in the kitchen. The naked woman stands and bends over the kitchen counter so he can fuck her hard from behind and cums all over her sexy big tits before her husband finds out! She is fucking amazing.