I just love petite girls and blonde chicks with tight pussies, and ever since I saw my neighbor’s hot blonde daughter I wanted to fuck her. Well, one day it seems that my dreams would become a reality. I had no idea that she was such a sex freak and that I’d have such an easy time with her to get her to open up enough for potential sex. I mean I do have a way with words, and the teen girl is a total sex addict, so it wasn’t that hard to convince her to get it on with me. In fact, all I had to do was tell her how big my cock was, and she was on her knees faster than I could say anything else to her. She pulled out my cock, put it in her mouth and began to suck it softly. I felt her tongue swirling around inside her mouth as she massaged the head of my cock with her lips and tongue. I loved seeing her head with blonde luscious hair bob up and down as she was sucking on my dick, but this isn’t enough for me. We all know that I want way more than just a blowjob from this little teen whore. I lied down on the counter and let her suck me off from above, but then I took her arm and immobilized her so that I can do whatever I want with her pretty little mouth and so I decided to start fucking her tight lips from below as I’m lying there. Now you can see why this is hot for multiple reasons, but I wasn’t done with her even then. This was just the beginning to what would become an insane fuckfest in which I would spread her tight little pussy really wide. Wider than it has ever been spread before, and I would do it so that she would fall in love with my dick permanently. She couldn’t believe my size while she was sucking me off, just wait until I put it in and her entire face lights up. She has never been with a cock this big so I’m expecting a big reaction from her. I push it in and immediately she starts to moan.   The small girl can’t take such a huge cock inside of her without moaning and I can completely understand that. But what I want to know is now that I’m fucking her, how hard can I go without absolutely destroying her fragile little pussy. I fuck her harder and faster with every thrust and she just sits there and takes it like a little bitch. I pumped my cock deep, hard and fast into her steaming cunt. Her petite body was writhing on my cock as I fucked her balls deep. Suddenly the young naked girl cried out as her tiny body stiffened, her legs shook and her body spasmed as she had her first orgasm on my cock. I end up fucking her in so many different positions that she definitely felt it all the way inside. I mean, not all of my cock could fit in, but it was banging against the end of her vaginal opening that’s for sure. There was nowhere where my cock could go, so I just started banging away until I felt close to cumming. Seeing her there I just had to cum over her.