I love my girlfriend and my girlfriend loves me, but her parents don’t like me one bit, they are afraid I will get her pregnant and they are right, their little slut makes me cum so much in her little pussy every time they are not around. Today they are not at home, so it’s the perfect occasion for us to spend some time together and fuck! She receives me in a cute sun dress and we have some fun in the patio, as she shows me the sexy black lace lingerie she’s wearing underneath and starts taking it all off for me. Her crotch-less panties are the shit, she teases me, showing me her pink cunt and tender little asshole, spreading her ass cheeks. The little slut presses her nice tits together and gives me dirty looks; she’s getting my dick so fucking hard it hurts! She gets on her knees and gives me a sloppy blowjob, drooling all over my dick and balls as she pushes my cock down her throat and gags on it. If her parents knew how good their daughter can suck a dick! She strokes my sausage with both hands while she continues choking on it. Her eyes are watering and her mascara is running as she spreads her legs wide open, ready to get fucked in missionary position. Her tight pussy is amazing! She draps herself along my body, her arms lock behind my neck, and her legs behind my back. She won’t let me pull out until her cunt is full of my cum. I slam myself back down, her burning clit crashing against my pelvic bone. She raises herself, making me fuck her sopping cunt deeper. “Oh fuck!” she moans through gritted teeth, feeling my pulsing shaft in her vagina. I blow my creamy load inside of her hot cunt, leaving a sticky creampie oozing from her slit and dripping down her thighs as she begs me to keep fucking and cumming inside of her. I bend her over, she spreads her ass cheeks for me and I keep fucking her from behind, pushing all that spunk back inside her cunt and using it as additional lube. White cum is spurting out with each stroke. As cum is pumped into her, it spurts out dripping onto her bed. After fucking her mouth, I fuck her twat and load her up with more cum! 