Early Christmas gift and awesome close to 2018! Kimmy and Adriana are a couple of slutty Sex Ed teachers facing the difficult task of teaching these horny teens about sex. However, these two sexy girls are up for the challenge and one slut uses the other one as her assistant in demonstrating some important lessons in sex. She lifts her skirt and gives the class a glimpse of the teacher’s trimmed cunt as she opens her briefcase, jam packed with sex toys, vibrators, dildos and more. The class watches as the half naked slut lies spread legged on the teacher’s desk with Ms. Kimmy fucking her pussy with big double ended jelly dildo that gives her a squirting orgasm, making her spray pussy juices all over the first rows of the class. Now that’s how you get teens’ attention! Adriana is gushing like crazy, having a strong squirting orgasm, it’s like there is no end to her squirt spring and Kimmy’s getting her clothes soaked in the juices and drinking them up. When the teacher asks for volunteers, this lucky guy raises his hand first and gets to eat Ms. Adriana out, tasting her pussy juices still dripping from her slit. The other hot teacher sits by her side and spreads her legs too, so the stud can eat her out as well. While he eats one of them out, he rubs the other’s cunt and both naughty sex ed sluts make out in front of the class. Kimmy gets down on her knees and takes the volunteer’s rock hard cock in her hands, giving him a blowjob and jerking him off. One of the students is even taking notes! While the teacher Kimmy lubes up that big dick with her saliva, Adriana gets ready to have it inside her. The girls encourage the students to take pictures and video of this dynamic sex education class so they can re-watch it later and masturbate to it. The student pushes his hard cock deep inside Adrian’s squirting cunt and bangs her against the desk in missionary position. The hot naked teacher lays on her back with her head dangling from the desk’s edge as the volunteer fucks her mouth, ramming his dick down her throat and making her gag on it while the other one sucks his balls and drenches them with her drool.   The girls make the stud lie on his back on the desk and Kimmy straddles herself on top, riding his throbbing erection in reverse cowgirl position, with naughty Adriana stimulating her clit with her skilled fingers. Oh my gosh I wanna fuck the shit outta this slut with her amazing twerk skills and taste Adriana’s asshole and pussy! Adriana takes Kimmy’s place on that hard cock, riding it in cowgirl position as Kimmy pushes the huge double ended dildo down her throat and makes her gag on it while sucking on the other end, sitting on the volunteer’s face. Then the naked teachers switch positions again, with Kimmy pushing the cock inside her cunt and Adriana sitting on the stud’s face. Super sexy babes! They follow up with an amazing acrobatic position, Kimmy getting fucked missionary on the desk with Adriana standing on it, touching the ceiling with her fingertips while the stud eats her out and fucks her partner. The dude finishes with an A for Facial, squirting his cum all over the slutty teachers. WOW! The quality, energy and sensuality of this scene is AMAZING! Best scene of the year, love you RealityKings!