My blonde stepsis is looking amazing today on the poolside with her pink bikini. She asked me a simple favor of putting some sunscreen on her so that she wouldn’t burn up in the hot summer sun. After both calves I move up to her thighs. “Be sure to get sunscreen on all my skin” my stepsis said. That was an open invitation to run my hands over her ass. She had a nice, cute little ass. With both hands I slowly pulled off her tiny bikini bottom. My sister didn’t mind and even raised her naked ass a little! Finally, I got to see her naked and her body was just stunning. I started rubbing her thighs, her ass cheeks, in all the naughty places making her hornier and hornier every second. My sister is so sexy, she has a slender figure with nice small titties. I had never seen her pussy and she let me get a glimpse at it, rising her ass and spreading her ass cheeks. She has the most amazing physique that I have ever seen in my entire god damn life. I want more from her than just seeing her naked though, so I started playing with her tiny tits and her fat pussy. I knew that this would turn her on even further and I wanted to see how far I could take this. Soon enough she was so horny that she was willing to go down on her knees to suck on my cock. My naked sister grabbed my hard-on and started sucking on it. I knew how this would end now that she’s sucking my dick, and I won’t stop until this stepsibling moment has turned into an outright fuckfest. That won’t be hard to do especially when my dick is so hard, and her pussy is getting so wet. The only way I could think of that could make her pussy even wetter was if I licked her and gave her some nice oral. Of course, I got straight to it the minute she stopped sucking my dick.   My naked sister spread her sexy legs and I dove between them, eating her vagina and licking her clit. The blonde slut got so turned on and I could see her wanting my cock in her eyes. She was basically begging me to fuck her at this point just by looking at me. Of course, I have to appease her wishes, I am her stepbrother after all. And that’s exactly how you get your stepsister to fuck you. I started banging against her pussy like madman. It was an exquisite sight to see her plump wet pussy lips around my dick, sliding up and down. My step sister was so tight and warm, and I just wanted more with every passing second. I fucked her hard from many different positions and it was only a matter of time before I couldn’t take anymore and I finally decided to end things by cumming all over her beautiful face while she had a cum smile on it.