My step-sis likes to party, but sometimes it gets her into trouble. She was going to be late for her job as a stewardess because of this. She knew she would never get to the airport in time unless I took her. I decided to joke and told her that I would drive her to the airport if she serviced my cock with a lovely preflight blowjob. Just imagine it, my slutty stepsis came to me, unzipped me and grabbed my dick. My cock stared her right in the face. She started to suck and choke on it nicely. Her mouth felt so good that I couldn’t help cumming, right in her mouth! My sister had no choice but to swallow my load! She was angry but she just didn’t have time to swear with me.  Later, I found her lounging after another late night of partying. She asked me to help her get out of her tight little outfit. She went to the bathroom and I followed her. I opened the door, she was sitting on the toilet, her panties around her ankles. I pulled out my dick and she smiled to me. She took it in her mouth and srated sucking my cock again. My slutty sis turned over and spread her ass for me. I pushed my dick into her cunt and began fuckign her from behind. Just imagine her surprise when she felt me cumming in her! We both went to the bedroom and she quickly stripped all of her clothes. My naked sister kneeled down and started sucking on my fat dong like never before. It was truly amazing, and I could barely stop myself from moaning. I even slapped my dick against her tongue for a while, and this made me very horny so I decided to bend her over so I could see her fat butt in action and put my cock inside of her tight wet cunt and I let it drain my cock. I pounded her butt as hard as I possibly could, and she moaned as my man meat was fucking her guts up. She grabbed my shaft once more and started licking in it, but this time she did not exclude the balls, and she sucked on them nicely while making sure that she started at me directly in the eye. My stepsis looked very cute while doing so. Then the little slut decided that it was time to back that ass up and started riding me in reverse cowgirl. Her pale butt was shaking and bouncing and all that, and I couldn’t believe that my own stepsis had such an amazing butt! She laid on her back and I kept pounding into her. Her cunt felt so good that I pulled out and shot my load on her pussy! I kept fucking her though.  