This MILF looks like the type of woman that’s got her shit handled in the kitchen. Tired of cooking for an ungrateful family that’s not even showing up for dinner, this hot mom decides to go to the living room to unwind with her vibrator. As the beautiful woman pleasures herself with her favorit vibrator, she smells smoke and realizes she left the turkey in the oven too long. With the christmas turkey burnt to a crisp, she decides to order pizza. The pizza boy comes over to deliver the pizza and the horny MILF can only think of one thing. She can’t believe that a muscular guy like him with a cock the size of a proper wurst can be a pizza delivery boy. She’s more than happy with who they’ve sent her as that’s exactly what she needs right now so she immediately grabs a hold of his cock and brings him in closer to her and starts seducing him in every way that she knows how. The guy doesn’t need a lot of convincing and he’s immediately under her spell. He’s ready to do whatever it is that the hot woman wants from him. But before she asks him to fuck her, she’s going to please him. The MILF loves pleasing men and the best way to do that before a hot fuck session is to suck his cock. So, she gets on her knees and pulls out his cock which ends up being massive. She knew that it was big just by looking at his pants, but she couldn’t tell that it was this huge. She is simply amazed with his massive cock and she immediately starts sucking on it hard. This hot mom gets a lot of pleasure from sucking on his dick and licking his heavy balls. She keeps sucking his salami harder and faster and the guy seems like he’s ready for some more action. He’s going to let her ride him first, so he sits on the kitchen chair and gets her on top of him in the reverse cowgirl position. She so sexy! Such a hot body! She is going wild feeling his huge cock explore every inch of her cunt. The beautiful naked woman dangles her tits in front of his face. He grabs them, squeezing them and sucking on her nipples. Her lovely big tits are driving him titcrazy.   The pizza boy starts fucking this gorgeous MILF hard and she rides him like the slutty cowgirl that she is. She’s been aching for some hot sex for a very long time and it’s finally being delivered to her in the form of an amazing guy who just can’t wait to fuck her in other positions as well. That’s exactly what he does after a while of her riding him and so he starts fucking her from the front, from the back, and from every other conceivable position that you can think of. His huge cock feels so fucking good. The MILF looks down between her legs and watches his giant cock disappear inside her. Now she is bouncing wildly on that cock, trying to get every inch inside her cunt, making those luscious big tits of hers bounce. Kendra is absolute perfection here! This woman has always been my favorite milf because of her beautiful face, the way she talks dirty, her sensual voice, those sexy freckles, that luxurious wavy hair, those toned incredible looking legs, and that amazing ass. He fucks her hard and you can see the pleasure on her face develop as things are getting hotter and steamier in her house. The MILF is ready to reach climax and so is the dude, so he ends it by cumming inside of her tight pussy.