This is a Christmas gift of the most spectacular kind to unwrap on Christmas day. The supreme young beauty Mia Melano in all her glory in another hot scene. Mia is a beautiful blonde writer and she is trying to get this mature producer to buy her script. The script is about a very sexy woman who seduces older men. He thinks she has lots of promise, but is still too green for him to produce her script. However, the hot blonde is not one to give up easily, and she decides to channel her character, putting her seductive skills into practice on the mature producer. She stands up and removes her red dress, showing him the sexy black lace lingerie with garter belt and stockings she is wearing underneath. Just take a look at these gorgeous big all natural breasts! What a gorgeous, full-figured woman. Honestly I think this babe has hands down the most gorgeous and unbelievably hot face and body I’ve ever seen. What a fucking goddess, holy shit. And she’s only 18-19. Wow. It is not surprising that this extraordinary young woman is a very skillful seductress. She definitely has his full attention now. After showing her big full breasts, the producer can’t help but bending her over and eating out her wet twat. Mia knew her character had a lot of her in it, but now she’s finding out just how much as the producer fucks her cunt with his delicious tongue. She loves it when he spreads her butt cheeks wide open and tosses her salad, stimulating her sensitive asshole with his tongue. The beautiful naked girl squats against the kitchen counter and undoes his slacks, grabbing his big hard cock in her hands and taking it to her wet mouth, sucking and stroking it. He grabs her hair in a bunch and pushes her head against his crotch, fucking her mouth with his huge dick. The blonde drenches his cock with her saliva and uses her hands to lube it up. The deeper his dick plunges down her throat, the more saliva she produces for it. She raises his cock and jerks it vigorously while sucking on his balls, polishing them with her tongue. He turns the young woman over, bending her over the counter and ramming his giant cock into her dripping wet cunt, banging her very hard from behind. She grabs on tight to his desk and looks at him while he grabs her hair and hips, her juicy bubble butt smacking against his crotch as she gets plowed against the counter.   This babe has beautiful womanly curves. Her booty is the dream of every men. He sits her on a chair, spreads her legs wide open and continues fucking her lovely pussy, so hard, so deep and so strong, Mia can’t stop screaming at the top of her lungs and gasping for breath. She removes the garter belt and the stockings, she wants to be totally naked for her mature producer as she climbs atop his meat sword and impales her cunt on it, making her tits bounce up and down while riding it in cowgirl position. Sweat drips down her beautiful naked body as she flips over and continues riding his erection in reverse cowgirl. Her hair is wet and sticks to her face and she can feel the beads of sweat pouring down her body. The producer is giving her the most intense sexual workout ever and she’s already thinking about including this into her modified script once he approves it. Of course, he has to finish fucking her first and she’s in no hurry! I’m pretty sure her script was accepted….what else could he possibly do after this display of unequalled hot sex. Her body is absolutely insane. Her cute face, the perfect round tits, those full rounded hips and that tempting tush. This tall young woman is a masterpiece that radiates femininity and sexual allure. You will just want to keep nutting all over her until she’s drenched! Merry christmas to all!