Nobody likes waiting in the airport, and especially this couple that just doesn’t know how else to spend their time, so they end up getting frisky right there on the spot. The girlfriend pulls out the guy’s cock and starts sucking on it. He loves it but he’s aware of the potential dangers with this whole situation, so he tells her to stop. Too little too late and a hot security officer catches them in the act. The girlfriend is at a loss for words and the only thing the guy can do is pack his junk up and hope that the officer doesn’t charge them with anything. She tells the boyfriend to wait while she talks with the girlfriend in the security room. The horny slut only knows one way that she’s going to get out of this situation and that’s if she tries to seduce the amazingly hot babe into having lesbian sex with her. Easier said than done, but luckily, the girlfriend has a nice pair of tits and the officer immediately notices that. Not to take anything away from the amazing body of the female airport security officer, but the girlfriend is really rocking an amazing body. The sexy babe undresses and the only thing that the officer can do is just stand there, stunned with what’s going on in the room. It doesn’t take a long time and the girls are semi undressed so that their tits are sticking out along with their wet pussies and they’re licking each other and then they start scissoring as well. The boyfriend hears some noises coming from the room, so he goes to inspect only to catch the two babes scissoring on the inspection table. The only thing he can do now is join in and he is more than happy to do that. According to him, this has to be some sort of Christmas miracle. I guess he’s right as first the hot airport officer starts sucking on his cock and his girlfriend joins in on the action. Both of the hot naked girls are sucking on his cock hard and they know that things are going to get a lot sexier real soon when he buries his huge cock inside their pussies. He does just that when the officer sits on his cock, and he starts fucking her from below while his girlfriend watches and enjoys the action. The officer is going to receive a pounding from a few more positions before she is finally dealt with completely and it’s time for the girlfriend to get some action when she starts riding him. He keeps fucking their cunts and at the end the officer orders him to cum in his girlfriend. 