Ravishing in her tight red cocktail dress, beautiful blonde Mia finds herself in the home of a handsome black guy she just met at the party. She couldn’t wait for it to be over so he could take her back to his place and fuck her brains out with his huge black cock. After all, Mia can’t resist a handsome black man with a big black cock, it’s her weakness! They kiss and he pushes his tongue inside her mouth. He turns the hot blonde over, pressing her against the floor to ceiling window overlooking the city and hiking her dress over her juicy bubble butt. She loves a man that takes charge and is in control! She’s excited, gasping as he slaps her ass and bends her over, spanking her. This babe has one of the most beautiful ass ever. He lifts one of her legs and eats her out, lapping her slit and teasing her clit. Soon the babe finds herself lifted against the glass by his shoulders, wrapping her legs around his neck while he continues eating her out. Back on the ground, she squats, sucking and stroking his big black cock. All white women adore worshiping black cock. He grabs her head and fucks her mouth, pushing that huge ebony erection down her throat and making Mia gag on it. He takes her to the bedroom and she spreads her legs in front of him, she is craving the feel of his tongue licking up and down her slit. Oh yeah, her hips bucking upwards, meeting each thrust. His hands are in hers as their fingers intertwined with each other’s. He uses his tongue like a trooper on her clit and lips, sucking, nibbling and lashing her swollen pussy expertly. The naked girl gets on his bed, down on her hands and knees. He rams his cock deep inside her cunt and fucks her doggy style from behind. She just loves being taken from behind like a dirty little blonde bitch by that powerful black cock. He lies on his back and the beautiful naked babe straddles herself on top, pushing his thick black sausage inside her tight cunt and riding her black lover in cowgirl position. She can already anticipate the glorious night ending with a big creampie! Dont miss the best interracial porn at Blacked! 