My girlfriend, a tall, leggy blonde, was intrigued when a box at my name arrived at the house, since I hardly ever order anything, so she opened it up. It was a masturbator I ordered, since she travels all the time due to her work and I need some way to release all that hot cum that accumulates in my balls while she’s away. Not only did she understand, she found it to be quite sexy and since she was leaving on the next day, she decided to give me something to remember her by while she was gone and I was playing with my new toy. My little slut made me sit on the couch and began teasing me in her short skirt and skimpy top. She pushed her tits over it and pulled her skirt down, showing me her juicy bubble butt in a sexy black thong. She spread her butt cheeks with her hands, slapping them as the g-string of her thong dug into the crack of her ass, pressing against her beautiful puckered asshole. After stripping naked, my girl crawled on top of me, grabbing my hands and placing them over her firm breasts. She got down on her knees, sucking and stroking my big hard cock with a devilish smile on her sexy face. She took the masturbation from the box and used the silicone vagina on my member, masturbating me. She kissed and licked my shaft, lubing it up for the sex toy. My slutty girlfriend kept sucking my cock, drenching it with her saliva, and then jerking me off with the masturbator. “Oooh, fuck, yeah!” She removed the cock sleeve and pushed my rock hard cock into her dripping wet cunt, pushing herself up and down on it while standing over me. “Let’s see if my pussy can take your whole cock… yes? Nothing can compare to that, right?” She placed the masturbator back on my cock, just for comparison sakes. Of course no sex toy can ever match her sweet pussy, she knows that!   I grabbed my girlfriend’s head with both hands and rammed my hard cock down her throat, making her gag on it, slobbering saliva all over my cock and feeling it dripping down my balls. My horny girlfriend turned around, sat on my face, and I spread those luscious cheeks with both hands, licking her cunt and her asshole in 69. Sucking her clit and pulling her pussy lips into my mouth, then fucking her with the tip of my tongue. My hot naked babe got on her back on top of an ottoman and raised her legs up high as I penetrated and fucked her, pressing her thighs strongly to tighten up her pussy as I banged her. I lied down and she straddled herself on top, riding on my cock in cowgirl position and screaming. My hot naked girlfriend flipped over and kept riding in reverse, looking at me over her shoulder as she made her juicy bubble butt bounce up and down my shaft. She was on top of me, lust filling her eyes. I put her back on the ottoman and fucked her doggy style from behind, staring at her delicious asshole and big round ass, plowing her hard until I was ready to cum.