What’s it like to have sex with two girls at once? A man who was working on his laptop ended up getting blessed unexpectedly as two super hot young girls came up to his bed and started making out for pretty much no reason. However, they did not stop there as they pulled each other’s panties down and right after they did that they decided to whip out this lucky dude’s fat white cock and they started sucking on it together passionately. First off, both girls were working the shaft as hard as they possibly could, making sure that their tongues rubbed nicely against the pulsing cock, but then one girl decided that she would rather suck on the nuts while her friend sucked on the shaft, and the girls did this for a while, while the man just stood there without moving a single muscle. However, the horny teens decided to switch the tempo up once more, and so they ended up licking the cock side by side once more while talking dirty to the man and smiling time to time, showing off their pearly whites, but this isn’t going to be the only pearly white thing on their faces, that’s for sure. The way the these two beautiful young naked girls sucked on the man ensured this. Eventually, they got on top of the lucky fella and started riding on his cock passionately. One of the blondes had to sit on the dude’s face while the other made sure not to shake the bed too much so that her friend could be spared of a nasty, bumpy ride. “Lick my wet cunt” the skinny naked blonde commanded. Using his tongue, he explored ever crevasse of her clean shaven slit. The other girl enjoyed riding his dick at the same time. Her bare body is heavenly, the two minutes she is riding the man we get a glorious view of her soectacular backside. I can’t keep my eyes off her pretty face with naughty looks, young sexy body, juicy ripe pussy to be devoured and fucked. The other blondie finally got on top of the cock, and the man started pounding her cunt deep and nice as fast as he could and while he did so the other girl made sure to kiss her as she took the man pole deep inside of her cunt. With the two young naked girls stacked on top of each other, the lucky bastard alternated between fucking one and then the other. He would bury his cock deep inside one young cunt, pull out and do the same to other wet pussy. With both hands firmly over her hip bones, he thrusted hard into her petite body, pulled back watching her cunt stretch to hold hin, and then slammed forward hard. To see them smiling while their perfect breasts are bouncing, the young naked girls are sliding up and down that pole, their cute faces are covered in cum is the best Christmas present. 