I met the hottest girl ever, a stunning blonde with tattoos all over her body and an amazing big bubble butt. As soon as I saw her for the first time I wanted to fuck the shit out of her, to ravage her taut, lithe body. I wanted to feel her tight cunt wrap the soft lips around my giant dick, slide in as I pushed into her perfect body, and hug my one eyed monster when I pulled back, stretching to hold my monster cock in her cunt. That blonde teen makes my mouth water every single time I see her juicy ass and the best part of all this is, she can’t get enough of my dick too! I invite her over to my place and she shows up in a short top and striped cotton socks, taking off her shorts and twerking that fine piece of ass in a tiny thing on the patio, making my dick hard as a rock. Then the slut strips naked except for her socks and keeps shaking that ass, showing me her pierced nipples, pink pussy burger and that delicious tight butthole. She goes to the bathroom and gets in the shower. The naked girl lets the hot water run down her cunt and plays with it. She drops to her knees and stuffs her cock hungry mouth with my throbbing erection, sucking and stroking it with both hands. She moans loudly while she devours my sausage, letting me know just how much she loves it. I grab her head in my hands and push it against my crotch, making her deep throat my dick. I love fucking her mouth, ramming my cock down her throat and making her gag on it. My cock glistens from the girl’s saliva, as I fuck her mouth with long, deliberate strokes. It drips down her lower lip and her chin, splattering on her tits and the shower floor. It also dribbles on my dick and balls, getting us both messy while she keeps giving me glorious head. She rubs my dick all over her beautiful face and tongue, smearing her face with saliva and precum. I take her to the bedroom and I lie down on my bad. The hottie straddles herself on top, she rubs my cock up and down her slit, her wetness coating the head of my cock and then she slams herself down, my cock is inside her dripping wet pussy. Using the full 10"s of my cock the beautiful naked blonde rides me in cowgirl position. She makes that juicy ass bounce on my meat pole. What can I ask more? insane! she’s soooo perfect! I grab her by her thighs and keep her still on top of me while pounding her hard with my cock. I flip her over, still impaled on my dick, fucking her in reverse cowgirl position.   The hot blonde teen keeps telling me how good my dick feels inside her wet pussy between moans and grunts of pleasure that only make my cock get harder. I want to fuck this bitch doggy style so I put her down on her hands and knees, stuffing my dick between her meaty butt cheeks and banging her from behind. I love the sound her ass makes as it smacks against my crotch. Withdrawing my giant dick completely out of her tight cunt and then slamming back in. My huge cock is driving her insane, her perfect body tenses against her restraints as her cum gushes around my cock. Over and over again she is cumming, each orgasm takes her to a new higher level! Her back is tattooed with roses and her lower back with two tiny hearts that look so sexy when you’re banging this bitch from behind. She crawls to the floor and keeps taking dick from behind, then I cradle her in my arms and she wraps hers around my neck while I fuck her in standing position. I’m telling you, she can’t get enough of my dick! Her pussy aches from the pounding but she makes me keep fucking her hard. My cock throbs inside her hot wet vagina and she finally can feel my cock deliver the load, my seed, deep inside her cunt!