While his dad sits back and watches all his favorite Christmas movies, his son and his sexy blonde girlfriend are in charge of hanging the Christmas lights and ornaments on the Christmas tree, but it looks like the little slut is much more interested in her boyfriend’s cock than the tree ornaments. Right behind his father’s back, she gets on her knees and gives her boyfriend a blowjob, sucking and stroking his big hard cock like it’s a candy cane. At the same time his stepmom, a hot blonde MILF, is doing her best to make sure her teen stepson and his slutty girlfriend hang the balls on the tree instead of emptying his balls. Not to be caught right there by the Christmas tree the teens decide to move to his bedroom. The girl goes to the bedroom, where she strips naked and wraps the Christmas lights around her hot body and lights them on. The show is meant for her boyfriend, but his stepmom walks in on her instead! It’s hard work cooking a holiday feast and she decides it’s a good moment to teach this slutty teen a lesson, and take a much needed break from the holiday chores blowing off some steam with her stepson’s girlfriend. The mom strips naked too and makes the young naked girl get down on her hands and knees. She spreads her ass cheeks with both hands so she can play with her pink twat and tight asshole, stimulating them with her skilled fingers. When her stepson comes into the bedroom, he finds his hot stepmom finger banging his girlfriend’s wet twat! He whips out his cock and jerks off to them. His stepmom sees him and when she catches a glimpse of her stepson’s endowment, so much bigger, thicker and harder than his dad’s, the MILF calls him over to join them. She gets on her back and spreads her legs wide open, feeling her stepson’s cock penetrating her cunt and fucking her in missionary position. The hot mom pushes his girlfriend towards her so she can sit on her face and she can lick her dripping wet pussy while feeling her boyfriend’s cock inside of her. They are abruptly interrupted by her husband knocking on the door and are forced to get dressed and join him in the living room so he doesn’t figure out what they were doing behind his back.   The old fart gets back to his TV specials and the slutty stepmom makes out with his girlfriend by the Christmas tree. She removes her top and bares her big tits as the naked girls get on their knees and suck his cock together. Doing it right behind his daddy is such a big turn on. Her stepson fucks his girlfriend on the floor while she sits on her face. She sends her husband to the store to get some egg nog so they can be alone. He sits on the couch and both hot naked girls suck and stroke his cock together, slurping on his balls. Two total beauties! It turns into a merry Christmas threesome that will bring them all a very good night. The naked woman rides his erection in reverse cowgirl and his young sexy girlfriend stimulates her pussy with her fingers. The mom moans. “That’s it. That feels soooo good” Then the naked teen shows off her cock-riding skills! Having two naked girls lying on top of each other the lucky kid alternates between fucking one and then the other. Pulling his cock out, dripping with his gf’s pussy juices, he plungs deep inside his stepmom’s cunt and keeps fucking her. He gives the girls his creamy egg nog right before his dad comes back from the store!