This couple has been dating for a while and the boyfriend feels like it’s the right time to take things to a new level. She is so hot and can’t resist fucking him and so he commences his seduction while they’re sitting in a car together. He manages to make some progress and their make-out session turns into a blowjob session when he pulls out his cock. She is amazed by its size and she doesn’t even know if it’s going to fit inside her slutty little mouth. The little slut puts it in while it’s still flaccid and starts sucking on it. He lifts up her skirt, only to reveal a chastity belt over her pussy! He asks her if that is what he thinks it is, and she confirms that it’s a chastity belt and he can’t believe his eyes. Luckily, there are some heavy duty tools just lying around in her father’s garage. He grabs a pair of metal clippers that can cut through a metal rod, let alone a tiny little lock on her chastity belt. With just one snap and the lock comes clean off and he immediately pulls it off to reveal her amazing pussy. He is amazed by how it looks, and he can’t wait to shove his face between her ass cheeks and lick out her cunt from behind. The hot teen babe can’t wait either, so she lets him do whatever he wants with her. He is just about to fuck his hot girlfriend for the first time when they’re interrupted by her dad! But now that he’s had his first taste of her sweet cunt he can’t wait any longer, so he secretly fucks her at the dinner table! As soon as the dad leaves he picks her up, drops her on the table and she spreads her legs like the slut that she is. She knows what’s coming so there’s no reason in trying to go against it. He pushes his huge cock inside of her little pussy and she enjoys feeling every single one of his inches penetrate her tiny little body. She has a really tight pussy and the boyfriend couldn’t be gladder about how amazingly tight it is. It really feels like he’s in a vacuum when he’s fucking her. This girl is just incredibly adorable and sexy and he fucks her so hard, slamming his giant dick balls deep into her cunt and massaging her tits with both hands. He is grunting like a wild animal pounding her cunt. The huge dick is driving her insane, her naked body trembles as her cum gushes around his beautiful cock. After fucking her from the front on that table for a while, he decides to switch the positions up a bit and so the beautiful naked babe rides him. These riding skills she has are amazing. I could watch her bouncing that big tight ass all day long. She does a really good job at sucking dick too. The sexy babe begs for that hot cum all over her face and that’s just what she gets not paying any attention to her dad. The guy just can’t stop cumming all over her slutty face. 