This office nerd couldn’t wait to get home for the Christmas, but when her colleague dumped some more work on her desk she had to call home and cancel. Just when she was about to finish up, she was interrupted by the loud noise of a vacuum cleaner! The office nerd got the janitor to whip his fat cock out and started sucking on it while making sure that she’s down on her knees while doing so. However, she did not stop there as the made the guy strip all of his clothes and she lost the bottom half of her clothes as well as she was way too horny to keep that steamy pussy locked away while she was sucking on his thick meaty dick. The office nerd turned into a crazy slut! She let him pick her up, and she started bouncing on his cock as hard as she could while the man let out silent moans. The janitor threw her on the office desk, grabbed her legs and kept fucking her hard. Withdrawing his hard dick completely out of her wet cunt and then slamming back balls deep in. I doubt she’d ever been fucked so hard before! The sexy naked girl gave him her cunt to lick. He picked up her legs on his shoulders to lick her slit. Squirming under the pleasure, she felt his tongue fuck her pussy. The handjob while he was eating her pussy was amazing. The crazy teen slut flipped over on her back and hung her head over the edge looking up-side down at his as he fucksed her mouth from above. The horny janitor even shoved his scrotum into her mouth and made her lick it. The slut wanted to ride him “Oh yeah, baby, come on, ride me” The way she twerks on dick is AMAZING!!! She may ride the dick the best I’ve ever seen! She was twerking and thrusting her ass back at him, trying as hard as she could to accommodate more of his rock hard cock. He grabbed her waist with both hands on either side and kept slamming into her cunt, his balls were slapping against her clit with each hard thrust. “Oh fuck!! That feels wonderful!!” She yelled as she squirmed from pleasure. He kept fucking into her cunt with long hard strokes, into the depths of her womb. She is fucking amazing bitch! She could feel him nearly tearing her apart, and she is loving it. 