My girlfriend was always very liberal when it comes to sex and all that, so I expected a hot surprise from her for Christmas, however, I never knew that she would bring another girl for me to fuck her on Christmas. My girlfriend got the party going by sucking on my fat cock, and while she did it, she moaned like a real cutie. However, when I made my way inside the other room I noticed that she had brought another girl for a Merry Christmas treesome! She was so hot, a sexy babe with amazing boobs. She was almost naked, lying by the tree wrapped in a red ribbon like a Christmas present! Holy shit she was insanely hot! She looked so good, amazing pretty face! God I wanted to step behind her, rip the red ribbon off her gorgeous body, and shove my fat, engorged cock deep into her body, grinding our sexes together. My girlfriend could not hold back either and she sucked on her titties very hard, but soon enough she got the girl to spread her legs and as I filled her black pussy with my white cock she licked out the other girl’s tight wet cunt slowly. My cock made her moan and squirm, and she made the other girl moan as well with her tongue. I laid back and started getting my dick sucked by the other girl while my girlfriend watched nervously and drooled. She wanted to have my white cock inside her mouth and once she got it in she sucked on it quite enthusiastically. The newcomer made sure to accompany her around the dick while I was overwhelmed by her sucking skills. Seeing her smiling with my big dick in her mouth was the best. The naked girls both started sucking and licking on it, and this felt absolutely amazing. They both sucked and licked on it, never stopping. One of them decided to suck on the shaft while the other sucked on the balls! I loved watching the hot girls suck my dick. My GF enjoyed watching me with another girl and I got crazy hot knowing she was excited by it. The sexy babe stood over me and lowered her cute pussy onto my waiting dick. She moaned softly as it slid between her pussy lips and slowly entered her juicy cunt.   I forced mymself all the way inside her. The paler girl started bouncing on my fat dick and moaning as a good girl should. The moaning got progressively louder as my cock went deeper inside of her tight wet cunt. I grabbed her legs and started fucking her tight wet cunt as fast as I possibly could which made the girl moan. Then my black gf got on top of me and started bouncing on my fat white meat while licking the other girl’s pussy. My hot black babe turned over and kept riding me. She bounced on it in reverse cowgirl while I was grabbing her tight black ass. Her fat ass looked amazing as my cock was filling her tight wet fertile pussy up. She backed that ass up nicely for me and moaned while she did so. Then I fucked the other girl while my girl sucked her gorgeous titties. It looked amazing, and I really enjoy a nice contrast. I slammed deep into her cunt and she groaned around my cock. My girlfriend watched in amazement as I launched one cum shot into her pussy and then pulled out as she instructed and came all over her face and her big tits. She began eating out my cum from her just fucked cunt and licking it from her boobs. Merry Christmas!