The Holiday Season is the best time of year to reconnect with dear and beloved people in your life, and this gorgeous black babe is back in her hometown on the holidays and visits her ex boyfriend. The sexy black babe intends to show him just what he missed out on when he broke up with her. He’s quite surprised to see her, much more when she removes her winter coat and reveals the sexy black lace lingerie outfit with garter belt and stockings she is wearing just for him. She is looking as hot and sexy as ever as he grabs her, pulling her towards him, pressing his cock against her juicy bubble butt while groping her chocolate breasts. The girl gets on her knees and stuffs her cock hungry mouth with his delicious dick. It’s been so long since the last time she tasted it. She strokes it with both hands and lubes it up with her saliva, getting it ready for her tight pussy. Just like Santa stuffs those stockings with presents, she wants her ex-boyfriend to stuff her black cunt with his white big dick. He sits on the couch by the Christmas tree and she sits on his cock, impaling her tight pussy on it as she rides her ex in reverse cowgirl position. She looks stunning in her black lingerie and stockings. He makes her bend over the sofa and penetrates her from behind, banging her doggy style while she begs and moans for more and more. The black teen girl gets between his legs and sucks his dick some more, jerking him off with both hands. She reminds him of all the good times they used to share as she deepthroats his cock and takes every inch of it in her tight pussy. The naked black girl sits on his dick in standing position, riding his member in reverse cowgirl. Her movements become wilder, until she is slamming herself down onto him. She had forgotten how good her ex boyfriend used to fuck her when they were still together. The sexy black teen is lost in the pleasure of having this hard rod pound her pussy. She cums again and again, his cock is pounding in and out of her little pussy, fucking her so hard, his hips slamming against hers as she screams in his ear “Cum all over me like I know you want to” He pulls out and cums on her beautiful ebony body, squirting cum on her stomach and all over her beautiful tits. She smiles as his semen sprays her face, catching what she can with her tongue. She looks amazing covered in cum. The girl gets one more night in her hometown before she heads back to the big city, and she’s got one last gift to herself to check off her list: her longtime crush… Don’t forget to download the second part. 