Meet the horniest slut in town! She’s wearing a sexy white fishnet body and pasties covering her nipples as she strips and dances sensually in front of me. She brought along a couple of bottles filled with lube, which she pours all over herself and applies generously to every nook and cranny of her stunning body. She strips down to a sexy thing that rides up the crack of her ass, twerking it while I pour more lube all over it, watching it drip down her ass crack and pink slit. The naked girl gets down on all fours and crawls, twerking her ass and splashing lube all over the floor, rolling on her back and spreading her legs wide open so she can lube up her pink pussy burger. Down on her knees, she takes my big throbbing erection in her hands and begins sucking it, looking at me with those big eyes and gagging as she pushes it down her throat. The slut manages to deep throat it balls deep and when she comes up for air, she releases a big load of drool all over my cock and balls. She keeps deepthroating my dick like a dirty slut, gargling spit bubbles and producing thick ropes of saliva that dribble down her chin. She smears the drool all over my cock and my balls, too fucking hot, man! It’s dripping down her tits and belly, mixing up with the lube and turning this slut into a wet mess. Then the crazy slut lies on her back and spreads her legs as far apart as she can, while I rub my dick up and down her slit before pushing it inside her and fucking this whore in missionary position. Between my precum, the lube and her saliva, my dick is as slick as can be, sliding in and out of her cunt effortlessly. It doesn’t take long with her being fucked by me she makes a loud moaning and begins to squirt. I see her pussy juice running down her ass crack. Yes she is a squirter! I began to pound into her hard and fast, completely burying myself in her slippery snatch. She is squirming moaning so much squirting her her cum juices high into the air. She is the definition of a true whore and that is why I love her.   Another intense orgasm and it feels like she can’t stop squirting. She gets sideways and presses her thighs together and now her pussy is really tight, so much so that I make her cum again and she keeps squirting, gushing gallons of pussy juice all over my dick and balls! I get down and she sits on my lap, riding my cock in reverse cowgirl position, squirting like a motherfucking geyser! I am soaked with her juice. My dick makes splashing sounds as I fuck that squirt soaked cunt. I put her down on her hands and knees, fucking her doggy style from behind and she lets me know she wants me to cum inside her snatch. “Make it snow inside my pussy for christmas!” She is ready to become my personal cum dumpster. I blow my load and feel all that hot cum flooding her cunt and oozing from her slit, dripping down her thighs. She scoops the sticky sperm out of her clam with her fingers and licks it all, what a slut! Then the slut begins finger fucking her cum filled pussy. She rubs her wet lips and her clit as the creampie is leaking out of her cunt. I know it is just a matter of seconds before she is going to squirt again, but this time she squirts with cum! The cum dumpster actually squirted cum out of her pussy!