Michele is in town and staying at the house of her best friend and her husband Seth. She was busy with work all weekend, but her husband meets her on Friday night to let her in. She hasn’t forgotten how sexy her friend’s husband is. Later that night, already changed into a sexy pink baby doll, Michele hears Seth turning the shower on and she can’t resist sneaking a peek. As she watches him naked in the shower, jerking his big throbbing erection with his eyes closed, she slips off her lingerie so she can join him and give her friend’s husband a helping hand, since his wife is not around to do so. When he feels her touch he opens his eyes, startled to see his wife’s best friend naked in the shower with him. They begin making out, he flips her over and pushes her against the shower wall. He raises her leg and rams his hard cock deep inside her dripping wet cunt, fucking her hard from behind. She bites on her lips and her eyes practically go blank as she feels that massive dick pounding her muff. The naked babe gets on her knees ready to give him a blowjob. He grabs her head and pushed his dick deep into her throat! Holding her head with both hands he fucks her mouth so good. “Oh god, fuck me, make me your little cum-slut!” The naked girl gets on all fours, these big tits hanging down. It grows animalistic, his hips uncontrollably thrusting against her ass, forcing his hard cock deep into her cunt. Her amazing breasts swinging back and forth with each thrust. The sound of her huge tits slapping against each other echoes in the bathroom. He is pounding her so hard but she just keeps yelling “Yes, fuck me harder!” He lies down and she sits on his lap, burying his member inside her, riding him in cowgirl position. Her gorgeous big tits are right in his face. He slaps her ass, signaling her to flip over and ride him in reverse cowgirl. Her breasts are bouncing up and down in time to my thrusts. In all the world there is no more beautiful sight than a naked woman with big tits in the middle of a climax. Then they get into a 69, getting her cunt eaten out as she swallows his big dick and tastes his precum mixed with her own fluids. They have the whole weekend to keep fucking in every possible way. She loves her friend, but she just can’t resist her husband’s fabulous cock and creamy spunk. 