Working as an executive for an important international firm fills this guy’s day to day with stress, but the best part of his day is coming back home and catching a glimpse of his stunning new neighbor through the windows. She’s a smoking hot brunette with an amazing body and a beautiful face. Today he’s in luck, because she knows he is watching her, and extends an invitation for him to give her a call, scribbling her number on a piece of paper and posting it on her window. The horny teen girl picks up the phone as soon as it rings and they start flirting as they observe each other from across the windows of their homes. She’s wearing a sexy blue lace lingerie bra and panties, asking him if he likes what he sees as she touches herself and strips. He goes over to her place and knocks on the door and the teen babe receives him in her panties. By the door, they kiss and the sexy girl drops to her knees, pulling his slacks and taking that big hard cock in her hands. She draws it to her open mouth and gives it head, sucking and stroking it feverishly in the hallway. She invites him in so he can sit on her couch and she can continue giving him a delicious blowjob. He can already feel all the stress from work melting away as her expert tongue and meaty lips work his cock and massage his balls. The young naked girl opens her mouth as wide as she can so she can deep throat his fabulous erection, but it’s so big it just makes her choke and gag before she gets to stuff it all in her mouth. Her neighbor’s cock is definitely putting her deepthroating skills to the test today! The little slut uses her hand to spread the drool dripping down his shaft all over his member. He holds her head and pushes it down his crotch, ramming his dick down her throat until she can take no more. Now that his hard cock is lubed up with her saliva, he bends her over the couch and enters her young tight cunt from behind, slamming his cock deep into her vagina with one hard thrust.   He starts destroying her cunt, pounding so hard balls deep into her, pressing his palm over her mouth, to shut her up as she starts to scream. He sits back on the couch and the naked girl straddles herself atop his lap, pushing his dick back inside her so she can take a ride on it in cowgirl position. She moans as she moves faster, slamming herself down onto his rod, feeling his hands move over her breast teasing them. She turns over and keeps riding his amazing dick in a reverse cowgirl. The feeling of his balls slapping against her hairy pussy is making her crazy. Still on top of her neighbor, the teen babe gets into a 69, sucking his dick and tasting her sweet cunt on it while he tastes his own cock on her wet twat, eating each other out. Lying on the sofa, behind her, he fucks her while pressing her hot naked body against his own and groping her tits, squeezing them tight as she moans, grunts and gasps for breath. He puts her on her back and bangs her in missionary position while grabbing her neck, then ramming his dick back down her throat. She loves the rough way he’s fucking her!