My sexy redhead roommate is changing in the bathroom and as usual, I’m spying on her and filming her hot naked body. She is so beautiful and her body is so dam great. It is no lie, her figure is gorgeous, especially with those impressive breasts. As she gets in the shower and masturbates, applying the shower massager nozzle to her shaved cunt, she looks up and sees me! I’m busted! Lucky for me, instead of getting mad, she actually invites me to join her in the shower! Yay! My beautiful naked roommate pulls me inside and starts taking off my clothes and, oh my god, my pussy is already gushing with anticipation and excitement. She cups my breasts in her hands and draws my erect nipples to her lips, kissing, nibbling and licking them, making them ever harder. She draws circles with her tongue around my areolas and I slide down her body so I can eat her lovely pussy out. Oh babe, you can feel my breath right now… your puss hovering just above my mouth, tempting me, teasing me, a very sensual torture. I can’t help myself but to start kissing her pussy. She moans as my lips touch her wet pussy lips. Her pussy is so tiny and tender. I play with her clitty. I can taste her delicious pussy juices flowing from her wet slit as I lick her, like manna from the heavens. I also dig my fingers inside her snatch and stimulate her. We switch positions so she can reciprocate. I lean against the shower wall, massaging my tits as I feel her slick tongue probing my wet cunt and sending tingles up and down my spine, making me squirm with such lust and desire for her. She starts licking and sucking for all she is worth. The naked girl sits on the edge of the tub and spreads her legs so I can keep eating her out. I could do this forever. We drop to the floor, rubbing our pussies together, tribbing like sex crazy lesbian sluts on the bathroom floor. I saw it in a porn movie, two naked girls rubbing their cunts together, it is so hot. She grabs me by my hops and pulls me against her. Then she films me with my own phone while I’m eating her out, promising to send the footage to my boyfriend so he can see the lesbian slut I have become. 