In my years in college, I have heard so many horror stories from friends stuck with some of the ugliest skanks for roomies, so I guess that I’m lucky to have such a smoking hot college roommate. She’s always wearing skimpy outfits while doing the chores around her bedroom and I enjoy spying on her. Today she has a pink top, super tight cotton panties and cotton knee high socks. The teen babe looks so hot, I can’t help masturbating while I play voyeur. Unfortunately, jerking off while watching makes me careless, and she catches me! I have no idea how to get out of this situation and as I stumble and fumble for words, I ask if she needs any help. Surprisingly, she says she does, grabbing me and throwing me on her bed! She gets on top and takes off the top, revealing her sexy breasts and grabbing my hard cock with both hands! My cock fills with blood within temptation. I watche in amazement as she takes my erection in her mouth. I feel her sweet lips slide tightly down around the slickened cock head. Her tongue touches the tip gently. The feeling is amazing! The little slut starts sucking it hard! She drools all over the tip of my dick and her saliva drips down my shaft and balls as she lubes me up. Turns out I’m not the only one turned on spying on her. She makes these loud slurping sounds as she sucks my cock and massages it with both hands at the same time. She deep throats my dick and her eyes water as she pushes it down her throat and gags on it. Next, the naked babe is on her back, spreading her legs wide open and pushing my dick inside her tight cunt so I can bang her in missionary position. God she is so beautiful and looks so young. Her body is so great and her pussy feels so tight. When my cock pops out of her little cunt, she just pushes it back inside so I can keep plowing her. She puts her hands underneath her knees so she can keep her legs spread wide open for me, she wants to make sure I can fuck her really deep and hard, you know? The sexy teen stretches out her pink pussy lips with her fingers and urges me to fuck her brains out. I get on my back and my hot naked roommate straddles herself on top, impaling her cunt on my meat sword and riding me in cowgirl position while looking into my eyes. She puts her hands behind her on the bed and arches back as she takes it all in. Her ass cheeks were jiggling with each thrust as she pushes her ass back onto my cock.   Her boobies are swaying back and forth in time with her rocking motions. The naked girl lies on her back and lifts one of her legs so I can give her some hot missionary style loving. I put my sexy roommate down on all fours, penetrating and fucking her gushing twat doggy style from behind. The heat inside of her is intense and she’s incredibly tight. Her tits are bouncing as I continue to drive my cock into that gorgeous pussy. She wants to get back on top, only this time, with her back facing me, riding on my erection in reverse cowgirl position so she can feel it inside her from every conceivable angle and position. She flips back to cowgirl and presses her breasts against my chest, making her juicy bubble butt bounce on my rod. Fucking my roommate is much better than just jerking off while spying on her, right? “I’m gonna cum. You’re gonna make me cum!” I wasn’t sure whether I was fucking her or she was fucking me. I can feel her pussy contract around my dick. She cries out and cums. I moan and cum with her.