I know tiny Asian girls are crazy for men with big dicks, so I had no problem hooking up with these two young horny teens I met online. As soon as they got a glimpse of my dick, they invited me over to their place so we could have some nasty fun together. I arrive at the place, knock on the door and I’m received by the two cute Asian cunts wearing sexy matching lingerie outfits and pigtails. The small girls take me to the living room and invite me to sit down on the couch, sitting together on the sofa across me. Giving me naughty looks, the teens start making out, stripping each other naked and licking the perky nipples on their tiny breasts. The girls scissor, rubbing their tight oriental twats one against the other, moaning and grunting with pleasure. Their pussies are dripping with fluids and making squishy sounds as they trib. Two young naked girls claw the pillows and squirm as they continue scissoring, bumping and grinding their cunts. Then the small girls sit side by side with their legs spread wide open and use matching vibrating wands on their twats. Man, this is like synchronized Asian masturbation or something like that! It should be an Olympics event! Now their tight pussies and even tighter assholes are twitching and contracting as the naked girls masturbate with the vibrators and my cock is harder than I’ve ever known it, almost painfully engorged ready to fuck these little sluts, destroy their pussies! I just can’t wait to fuck these two Asian fuck sluts! Like a fine dish of Asian cuisine, they make me wait for it, my mouth watering in anticipation. I grab one of the wands and use it on their pussies while the girls frolic with each other. The thick ropes of pussy juices form a sticky web between the wand and their snatches. The tiny naked girls drop to their knees and unbuckle my pants, releasing the Kraken, LOL!   They can’t believe how big, thick and large it is! They stroke it with their tiny hands and take turns drawing it to their mouths, sucking it together. While one of the teens sucks it, the other one takes care of my balls, licking and kissing them, slobbering them with their saliva. I put the girls side by side on the sofa, spread their legs and take turns fucking their ultra tight Oriental pussies missionary style. While I am banging one of them, there are using their fingers to masturbate each other. Best Christmas present ever! this is BEYOND my wildest dream! I put the naked girls down on their hands and knees so I can penetrate and fuck them doggy style from behind. They have cute little tight bubble butts and now takes my big dick on all fours like Asian bitches. Both girls were moaning into the other’s mouth. They ride on my cock, both in cowgirl and reverse, always playing with one another as they take turns getting impaled on my meaty sword. They love to get fucked and they love watching each other getting fucked, begging me to keep banging them hard and to cum all over them! Why are teens so naughty? I watch in amazement as the small naked girls catch my cum with their open mouths. The girls then kiss each other, mingling my sperm, lapping hungrily from each other’s mouth.