My girlfriend has been under the weather for a couple of days now, and the medication she’s taking knocks her out cold, which is kinda great because it gives me lots of time to spend with her hot and spunky 18 year old daughter. I’ve wanted to bang her ever since I started dating her mom, and I know she has the hots for me to, she’s always flirting with me behind her mom’s back, but she’s always in the way for anything to happen. But now it’s our chance and I can tell her daughter know, because she’s wearing a super sexy outfit. The skinny, tall, short haired brunette slut asks if I like her outfit and models it for me, slowly taking it off. My dick is already throbbing hard. Without hesitating, the little slut strips down, no bra, no panties, nothing. Just standing there in front of me fully naked. I watche as she get down on her knees and feed my dick to her. The teen whore takes it in her hands and sucks hard on it. Oh god, her mouth feels so good. I hold her hair in a bunch by the back of her scalp and fuck her sexy little mouth. My balls are almost smacking against her chin as I mouth fuck her. The teen girl drools all over my dick too, and it drips down her lips, so fucking sexy. I grab her mom’s big vibrating wand and I use it on her teen cunt while she lies on her back with her legs spread wide open. The toy’s vibrations make her squirm, moaning and grunting while I masturbate her. Her pussy is gushing, cunt juices flowing down her slit and thighs, she’s so fucking wet, man. The naked girl changes position, getting down on her hands and knees so I can stimulate her pussy from behind and I can see her sexy little asshole twitching as the vibrator toys her dripping wet pussy.   I put her back in missionary and ram my dick in her cunt, making squishing sounds as I fuck that pussy juice soaked cunt. This is so fucking hot, I can’t help cumming inside her, injecting her pussy funnel with my hot cum. I pull out and it oozes from her slit in the form of a sticky creampie. It’s just gushing and I slap my dick against her clam, lubing up with my own cum so I can keep on fucking her. My dick pushes all that hot spunk back inside her snatch as we continue banging. I know the young slut wants more hot cum inside her, so I put her down on all fours, fuck her doggy style from behind and unload a second creampie inside her cunt. I make her stand and bend her over, fucking her from behind and watching my cum dripping down her thighs and legs. The young naked girl gets on top and rides me in reverse cowgirl, ready to receive yet another sticky creampie from me. Her young pussy looks really used, almost ruined, cum is leaking out of her gapped hole. My girlfriend never ever lets me cum inside her, but her daughter is a totally different question! 