When my GF invited her friend over for a little pool fun, I didn’t think I would get that amount of bouncing tits and ass, man! The girls began getting naughty, comparing their beautiful tits and twerking their juicy bubble shaped butts in the pool under the water while I watched. My girlfriend actually asked me why I was just sitting there watching them instead of joining in! The horny girls got on top of a big floater and my girl got on all fours, showing me and her friend how wet her pussy was. Her friend began rubbing it while licking her asshole and giving me dirty looks. My dick was bursting out of my swimming trunks and as I sat by the edge of the pool, my girl whipped it out, sucking and stroking it while her friend watched. It didn’t take her long to join in and as she smoked my sausage, my girl sucked hard on my balls. My girl is a sexy gal with long brown haired and her friend has jet black shorter hair, they both have amazing big tits and my girl’s got piercing on her nipples. The girls make the perfect duet for a hot threesome, believe you me, sir! Her friend wanted to give me a tit job so she placed my throbbing erection between her big fun bags and massaged it with them. Man, I thought I was going to cum right there, but I had to resist! The friend sucked my cock, drool dripping from the sides of her lips and down my shaft and balls and my girl’s mouth was watering watching and waiting for her turn. I fuck her friend’s delicious tits and watch my girl biting her lips, licking them and rubbing her wet cunt. My girlfriend also wants to try it. She wraps her soft boobs around my dick and gives me a hot boob job too. Titty fuckin is the best! Her friend gets back to eating my dick like a ripe banana and my girl feels herself and fondles her bangers. Her naughty friend gets down on her hands and knees, pushing her bubble shaped ass back up against my dick, impaling her gushing cunt on it so I can bang her doggy style from behind and my girl grabs her ass and stretches it open so my dick can go deep inside her friend.   The naked girls make out and my girl straddles herself atop my cock and lets it sink inside her cunt. I feel her pussy pulsing around my hard shaft when she rides me in cowgirl position. I spread her legs and fuck her in missionary and her friend sits on her face so she can eat her pussy out. I mount her on top and fuck her cunt in reverse cowgirl so I can get a good look at her round ass bouncing on my dick while my girl licks her friend’s butt cheeks. She rides me in cowgirl and my girl sucks on her perky nipples while I spank that ass. My babe is very good at knowing when I am about to blow and she tells her friend to suck my dick. I close my eyes and I am enjoying it when I feel two pair of lips on my cock. The girls know I am about to cum and they massage my balls and jerk and suck on it like crazy. I shoot right into their wet sucking mouths. My little whores are worshipping my erupting cock as they hold their mouths open like two baby birds, catching splashes of cum on their tongues.