Of course this sexy babe couldn’t wait for Christmas to come, already knowing what she was going to get from Santa for being such a naughty girl all year long: a stunning black dress, expensive jewelry and her boyfriend’s hard dick in her ass! The sultry redhead goddess takes a hot shower to cleanse her flawless body and get it ready for the occasion. She’s the sexiest woman on the planet. The babe tries on the expensive jewelry and puts on the stunning black dress, feeling how the soft fabric hugs every curve of her drop dead gorgeous body. She knows it will not last long on her as soon as her boyfriend puts his hands on her. He pulls her big tits over it, pinching her nipples with his fingers as they kiss passionately. He turns her facing the mirror so she can see her reflection while he gropes her breasts and presses his hard cock against her tight ass. The dress and jewelry, combined with her hot body are already making their desired effect, her boyfriend is rock hard. He rips the dress off her body and pushes his tongue into her open mouth. Her hands are all over him as he grabs her tits and squeezes them hard, sucking on her perky nipples. “Make me your fuck toy…” she whispers. She gets down on her knees, holding his big throbbing erection in her hands and sliding her tongue from the base all the way to the tip, collecting the first glistening droplets of precum. The babe makes sexy slurping noises while swallowing his dick all the way down to the balls, deepthroating it like the expert slut that she is. His horny girlfriend drools all over it, spreading it along his shaft with both hands while sucking and licking his balls. She knows that dick will be stuffing her asshole soon and she wants to make sure it’s well lubed. Then the young naked woman gets down on her hands and knees, rubbing her cunt and wating him to fuck her asshole from behind. He rams his hard cock deep inside her asshole, stretching it out on its way in. He drives the full length of the shaft in one thrust deep into her asshole. He slowly pulls out and then quickly thrusts deep again.   This babe has one the most perfect asses in the world. His dick feels amazing in her ass, she clenches her teeth as she feels her anus stretches to new levels. She slaps her wet cunt and he spits on his member for added lube, pounding her gorgeous ass. Down on her hands and knees, she gets anal fucked doggy style from behind by her boyfriend’s magnificent tool. She writhes on the bed, grabbing the bed sheets, clawing at them as she struggles to resist the onslaught of that big pecker in her tight anal funnel. He lies on his back and she sits on his lap, impaling her asshole on his hard dick, riding it in cowgirl position and in less than a minute cries out and trembles through an intense anal orgasm. The naked babe uses her hands to spread her ass cheeks wide open, hoping it will grant her some sort of relief from having something so big and thick lodged in her tight booty hole. Madison Ivy and her incredible body and ass is definitely THE greatest gift that anyone can ever imagine. He grabs her big tits, pinning her against the bed and plowing her gaping ass. Anal sex is definitely the best Christmas present! At the end she gets what she craves the most… load after load of anal creampies into her ass.