Pouring champagne on a chick with big titties is always a great idea, without a doubt. This dude ended up doing so accidentally, and when he did so, the woman’s husband happened to fall asleep, and for this reason, the woman was more than happy to suck this dude’s cock as hard as she possibly could after letting the stud suck on her titties. She is absolutely incredible, a big ass and big naturals! The man then bent the busty bitch over after letting her suck on his cock for a while, and the pounding was absolutely amazing. There were so many loud noises, and the woman moaned loudly. Then she started sucking on it once again but decided quickly that she needed it inside her tight wet pussy yet again so she got on top of the man and started riding him in cowgirl and moving her butt as fast as she possibly could in order to feel the cock harshly brushing against the tight walls of her wet love tunnel. She moaned and screamed, but not too loudly, as this would wake her husband up. However, her pussy would be put to the test soon as she would have to endure a reverse cowgirl pounding, and this man was not someone who was not very horny, but rather, quite the opposite. His fast hips pounded her very, very quickly, and she even decided to rub her clit to enhance the experience. She rubbed it harder and harder as the man fucked her as fast as he possibly could, thrusting his hips forward and ramming his cock hard balls deep into her body. Her big tits were now swinging wildly in front of her as she accepted his solid prick in her cunt. He was sqeezing her big natural boobs with both hands as their tempo increased. “I want you to cum on my tits! Did you hear me? I want you to cum on my big tits!” He grunted, hiscock twitching in delight. “I want you to cover them with that fucking cum!” Jets of thick, creamy semen launched from his swollen sack, landing on her big tits. The white jizz coated her those mammoth jugs. The naked babe grabbed his hot throbbing cock with her tits and began fucking him with her big soft breasts. “I want you in me and I want you to keep fucking me” She spread her legs and made him keep pounding her hungry cunt. She is pure perfection. The naked busty babe got on top of him taking his cock in her cunt and riding him furiously. Two cumshots and she takes it like a true champ. 