A beautiful sensual massage film from Peter Hegre as always, and in beautiful surroundings. This cute girl is treating herself to an exotic vacation at a hedonistic beach resort. Being able to walk along the beach wearing a sexy swimsuit that exposes her pink cunt is such a freeing experience. It turns her on and makes her want to explore so much more of her body and sexuality. For such reason she has booked a spa treatment at the beach resort. While waiting for her masseur to arrive, she takes off her swimsuit by the tatami mat lying on the sand. The sexy naked girl passes her hands all over her gorgeous body and her hair and lies down on the mat, placing a big pillow under her belly so her bubble butt is raised up and jutting out. She really is very very pretty! Her long legs, her ass and pussy are perfection especially when view from behind. She is a very beautiful slim lady and I think girls with short hair are so sexy. Her masseur arrives totally naked, pours baby oil on her skin and massages her body. His big cock is so close to her face as he works on her upper back. He starts to fondle her lovely pussy and rub her clitoris easing into some slow masturbation. He moves down her body, massaging her cunt and asshole with his slick fingers. He fondles her ass and introduces his fingers inside her wet cunt, masturbating her. The beautiful naked girl grinds her cute little ass, letting him know she is enjoying this. She gets on her back and the naked masseur sits by her head, massaging her pussy with his fingers into the highest realms of bliss. He really goes at her pussy with two fingers and almost forcefully penetrates her pussy and she just smiles and has orgasm.   The girl obviously won’t touch him which is fine as long as she continues to let him do what he can think of to her beautiful sexy body. She is amazing and so open to men abusing her in an erotic way! The girl may not touch him but she certainly gets plenty of rubbing from his penis on her butt, face and head. Once you see that beautiful pussy filled with that delectable white cum you can be sure she has had an amazing orgasm, cum like never before! The naked girl arches her body up and squirms, breathing heavily, full of arousal. He touches all her erogenous zones, fondling her boobs too. His fingers dig deep inside her snatch and vigorously stimulate her sensitive clit and her vagina until she reaches an intense orgasm that leaves her exhausted and satisfied. Later on, she joins a sensual naked meditation yoga session by the beach with a group of beautiful naked girls. Lying naked on the sand with them brings her closer than ever to her most sexual side and she loves it. Don’t miss to watch this amazing video in 4K!