The cutesie in the sun dress is Charity, a spunk teen girl with long legs and a gorgeous face and body to match. She’s showing off her dirtiest side in an outdoors photo shoot by the porch of her house. She’s not shy about hiking up her dress and revealing some skin, exposing her cute little ass and pink pussy to the camera. She bends over and spreads her ass cheeks wide open so the camera guy can see her asshole and her slit. Showing such intimate areas of her anatomy makes the teen girl very wet and excited. The photo guy asks her to spread her pussy too, she uses her fingers to stretch out her pussy lips like the open wings of a butterfly and show the inside of her snatch. Her pussy is smooth and bald. Now it’s time for her to really show off her skills! She spreads her legs and pushes her entire fist inside her pussy, fisting herself. Then the naked girl rubs her wet pussy against the armrest of the recliner on the porch and moves to the garden to play with her hula hoop. What follows is amazing, as she places a clothes hanging device over her crotch, using the clothespins to spread and keep her pussy wide open. This thing is called a dreamcatcher. Whose dreams involve six clothespins tied to a plastic ring? Her pussy lips are long and stretchy, and the new Dreamcatcher pulls them wide to expose lots of pink. Charity seems to enjoy being on such display. Her inside can be seen so close and clear. The sexy teen girl grabs a ripe corn cob and uses it as a dildo, first on her clit, before having the crew butter it up so she can insert it inside her pussy and use it to masturbate. She moves unto a big ripe cucumber, fucking herself with it. She pushes it all the way inside her muff and then pushes it out with her pussy muscles! Charity has an extraordinarily flexible and accommodating pussy for such a petite woman. The corn on the cob is fantastic. I like all of the veggie scenes and the no-hands cucumber scene is awsome! The camera guy takes more pictures of her beautiful gaping vagina with lots of pussy juice. She finishes the shoot by taking a ride on the Sybian. Charity is a wild one indeed! 