It’s a family Christmas as the mom joins her kids and niece around the Christmas tree. The mom tells the guy and his step sister and her cousin, a sexy Asian teen, that they should try out all of their Christmas sweaters together. However, the girls also decided that it was best that they wore absolutely no panties while trying these sweaters out. Getting down on all fours, the girls searched under the tree for more gifts, exposing their naked asses at the same time. He tried chastising his stepsis and cousin, but the sluts quickly figure out he had a boner. They decided that they should suck their brother off a bit in order to get his boner to calm down. This was a great display of love. One teen girl sucked on the cock, then the other, and they only stopped doing this whenever their mommy showed up. Then, the young naked girls started bouncing on the dude’s cock one by one. First off, the Asian sexy teen started bouncing on the big white cock but his sister felt left out so she made the cousin pull the cock out of her pussy and then she sucked on it for a while. Then, the cousin got on top of the cock once more and started riding it. His sister made sure that the her titties were out at all times so that she could look at them as they bounced. She was truly in love with them and just had to suck on her nipples occasionally in order to pleasure herself. The guy started pounding the Asian chick’s tiny pussy harder and almost made her cum with a few strokes but decided to pull out and to start fucking the sister’s pussy as hard as he possibly could while she occasionally made out with her cousin that masturbated to this sight. He couldn’t hold back from cumming inside her tight pussy. The horny cousin pulled out his hot throbbing cock and began to lick cum off eagerly. His cum also dripped from her sister’s cunt. What an amazing creampie! His dick was still hard so the horny little girl rolled on her back, spread her legs and told the brother keep fucking her and cum in her too. He already was. He wasn’t going to stop. 