This dark-haired bitch doesn’t know any better than to ask only one thing from Santa. The horny teenage girl wants the biggest cock that he can find so that she could feel nice and full for Christmas. And when we say full, we don’t mean from the Christmas turkey. No, instead we mean that she wants her little pussy filled to the brim with Santa’s hot juices. She is more than ready to take on a huge cock. But before that, she needs a nice little spanking because she’s been on the naughty list all year. Santa slaps her on the ass a few times and then pulls out his cock which just so happens to be monstrous. We can see why Mrs. Clause loves Santa so much. The teen girl is absolutely stunned by the size of it and is not even sure if all of it can fit in her small little mouth. Santa assures her that it can, and she starts going to town. The teen girl sucks on his cock and enjoys every single second of it. He can’t resist having her tight lips around his dick and he gets even harder than before. With every thrust of his cock down her throat, the young girl gets even more aroused and she wants that dick inside of her ASAP. Santa has other plans for her though and he forces her to keep sucking at least for a little while longer. The small girl has no choice but to suck him off before finally Santa gives in and decides to give her exactly what she wants. He spreads her legs wide but not before taking off all of her clothes and letting her tits fall out. He then thrusts his huge rod up her pussy and you can tell that she isn’t used to having this size inside of her. She spreads her legs wider and squirms her pussy onto his thrusting shaft.   The girl takes on the entire thing and she loves every inch of it inside of her. Santa starts fucking her and begins slowly while speeding up ever so often. In a cowgirl she grounds her pussy onto his cock, wriggling her tight ass from side to side. He pulls out and the young naked girl keeps sucking on his candy cane. Soon, he’s fucking her like a complete madman and the girl is taking the most hardcore fucking of her life. At least so far that is, since Santa runs her around and starts fucking her from behind which is even more savage than the fucking from the front. The girl gets all she wants for the holidays this year as he pounds her young hole with his huge cock. Her beautiful titties are flopping back and forth from the pounding she is getting. You can tell that she won’t be able to take much more of this, so she finally reaches climax and we can tell that Santa is happy with his performance. He keeps fucking her all up until the point that he cums inside of her tight pussy and her Christmas wish has finally come true.