Despite her strong religious and spiritual beliefs, this sister has been having trouble keeping her temptations away. Her sexual urges have recently returned and have become more powerful. No matter how much she prays, she just can’t get these impure thoughts of having her virgin asshole fucked hard by big dicks out of her head. The young horny woman craves sin, she craves to get fucked in her pussy and asshole. She gets very wet dreaming about a man taking her without regard to her protests or the fact she is a nun. How does it feel to be fucked? How does it feel when a man shoves his prick into her ass? How does it feel when a man shoots his sperm into her body? Since her last confession she’s had wet dreams where she swallows loads of warm cum. Just remembering them makes her mouth water and her pussy gush. She removes her habit and checks out her hot naked body in front of the mirror. Lying down on her bed, she spreads her legs wide open while sucking on a huge jelly dildo she hides in her drawers. She can’t help but masturbate in her dormitory, fucking her pussy and ass with the sex toy, and she is able to keep this a secret until one faithful day. The day that the young monk catches her mid act. With her legs up high, she pushes the dildo inside her wet cunt and fucks herself with it. While this brother passes by the corridor, he hears the moans and whimpers coming from the sister’s room. He opens the door and finds a nun wearing a slutty lingerie outfit, down on all fours and shoving two fingers into her gaping asshole. Seeing a naked girl masturbate turns him on to point where now he can’t hold it anymore. The young horny clergyman begins to jerk off as he spyes on the naked nun. Eventually, she notices him and chases him off. Only to follow him ask him to eat her pussy. The horny young naked woman sits on his face so he can eat her out. Then she lies on her back and lets him fuck her tight pussy in missionary position. His hot hard cock feels amazing inside her vagina. He lies on the floor and she gets on top of him, riding him in reverse cowgirl. On her knees, she worships his dick, sucking and stroking it. The horny nun wants to be fucked, she wanted to be fucked in the ass over and over again until she is in tears. She wants to be used like that. Down on all fours he satisfies her anal urges, fucking her tight asshole doggy style from behind and giving her all that warm cum she had been dreaming of. Anal sinning is the best type of sinning! 