Tired of wearing nerdy glasses, this guy got eye surgery a couple of days ago. Now he’s recovering at home, but he won’t be able to see for a couple of days, so he needs his stepsister, a sexy blonde teen, and his girlfriend to help him out with pretty much everything around the house. Since he can’t see, his slutty stepsis is not going to miss the opportunity. He thinks his girlfriend is taking care of him today, but it’s not true. Instead, his stepsister pretends to be her and helps him up to his bedroom so he can take a nap. The sexy blonde gets totally naked and does the same to him. His eyesight may be impaired, but that cock is working perfectly! The young naked girl sits on his lap and rubs her wet slit up and down his dick, massaging it with her tender pink pussy lips. She teases him with her wet cunt moving her hips, sliding her pussy lips over the head of the cock that is wedged between them. Gently, up and down, not entering. So sexy! When he reaches over to grab her tits, he realizes those breasts are not his girlfriend’s! He’s a bit shocked at first, but his dick is still rock hard and he already has his stepsister naked in bed with him, so what the fuck! He lets her grab his dick and give him head, sucking and stroking it. The young naked girl jerks his rod while sucking on his balls and polishing them up with her saliva. The little slut gives him an incredible deep throat, swallowing his dick all the way down to the base. He kisses her soft lips and she gets on her back, spreading her legs wide open and ready to receive her stepbrother’s throbbing erection inside her little pussy. He feels each and every muscle in her canal grasps him tightly. Her hot pussy is so tight, it’s a Heavenly delight! The girl has the most beautiful pussy, so smooth and bald. He starts fucking her in missionary position, in and out, in and out. She loves having him inside of her and she spreads her legs as far apart as she can, making sure he goes real deep inside her cunt.   He grabs her feet and sucks on her toes while banging her hard. The naked girl gets down on her hands and knees and lets him fuck her doggy style from behind. What an amazing ass! He has a gorgous, round, bubble butt. She lowers her body against the bed sheets, grabbing them tight while he nails her and slaps her tender butt cheeks, making her squirm as she looks at him over her shoulder. His sister spreads her ass cheeks with both hands, showing her gorgeous asshole! He lies on his back so she can get on top, sitting on his member in reverse cowgirl position and taking it all in. She arches her skinny body back while riding his delicious cock, moaning and gasping with lust and desire for her stepbrother and his monumental endowment. The tiny blonde flips over and keeps riding him in cowgirl position. She flips back into reverse and leans back, pressing her back against his chest so he can grab her tits and pound her real hard and deep. His eyesight will get much better now that he has his stepsister to take care of him and his dick…