After helping her husband raise his son through high school, this hot blonde stepmother is pretty upset to discover the 18 year old brat is thinking about ditching college altogether. He thinks he can do better on his own. He even has a plan: to fuck girls and play video games! She wants his sorry ass out of the house so she can have some peace and quiet with his father, so she decides to incentivize the kid with a reward program. If he goes to college for four years, she will personally let him fuck her! He accepts the deal and four years pass by and it’s his graduation day, and time for him to collect his reward from his hot stepmom, who has only gotten better with age, just like fine wine. While sitting on the kitchen counter, he reminds the MILF of her promise, spreading his robe wide open and exposing his dick. She’s a woman of her word and he did his part of the deal, so now it’s time for her to live up to her end. The sexy blonde gets down on her knees and begins sucking on his cock while pulling her black dress down and exposing her lovely big jugs. After all, the kid earned it! When his dad walks by, he hides her between his robes. Fortunately he’s running to the store to get some stuff, so he’ll be out of their way in no time. The MILF tells him to fuck her throat and he holds her face with both hands while ramming his dick down her throat, making her choke and gag on it. They head up to the bedroom, where the beautiful naked woman spreads her legs wide open so he can fuck her tight twat in missionary position. She can’t believe how good her husband’s son’s dick feels inside her pussy, it makes her so set and horny. She gets back on her knees so she can suck it more, drool dripping down her chin and splattering all over her tits. She even puts his young hard dick on her tits so it is sandwiched between her boobs and massages it with her amazing breasts. The boy puts the hot woman down on all fours on the bed, fucking her doggy style from behind.   The MILF presses her body against the bed and grabs on to the sheets as her stepson pounds her hard. He lies down and she climbs on top, burying his member in her snatch and riding him in reverse cowgirl position. The view of her perfect tits bouncing up and down is amazing. Her eyes roll back into her head and she groans and moans as the orgasm shakes her gorgeous body. She gets down on all fours and pushes her juicy bubble butt back up against her stepson’s big dick. Then the naked woman gets back on top so she can ride it in cowgirl position and experiences an incredible orgasm while mounting his delicious erection. “Taste my fucking cum!” she sits on his face and starts to rub her wet cunt back and forth, making him taste and lick her juices. She just can’t get enough! She was happy when he left, but now she’s even happier he’s back for good! He was a teen when he left for college and now he’s a full grown man with an amazing dick that’s making his stepmother cum like a filthy slut!