This sexy ebony babe with glasses and a cute choker around her neck and her hot black girlfriend couldn’t be any happier with their roommate. He doesn’t complain about them playing video games all day long and when the girls get horny, all they have to do is call him over and tell him to fuck them! Hell, they don’t even have to stop playing their video game! While the sexy black teens lie down on their bellies and play, he takes care of their sexual needs. He starts with her friend, pulling down her panties and spreading her lovely chocolate butt cheeks so he can bury his big juicy dick inside her wet muff and bang her from behind whole she keeps playing. He finishes with her friend and moves on to her. She feels him peeling her panties down her legs and pushing his delicious cock inside her wet clam after sliding it up and down the crack of her ebony butt. It’s pretty hard for her to focus on the game feeling that big dick pounding her so good. He moves to the front so her friend can suck on his white cock. She complains that he’s trying to distract her from their game, but that doesn’t stop her one bit from eating that dick, baby! The other girl is ready to suck on his cock and he shoves it in her mouth and all over her cute face. The sexy Ebony girls decide it’s time to take a break from their game so they can focus their full attention on his member and they team up, sucking and stroking his hard cock while licking and massaging his balls together. The hot teens look at each other while they give him head and she grabs his dick and pushes inside her friend’s mouth, she loves watching her suck down on it.   The girls kiss the tip and end up kissing each other as well. She deep throats his dick and lets all that saliva drip down her chin and all over his member and balls. Her friend lies back down and she gets on top of her so he can take turns fucking each of them from behind. They had to go through several roommates until they found one capable of satisfying them both whenever their whim struck. While fucking her, he grabs her by her braids and pulls her back against him, pressing her hot body against his own and slamming her hard. The naked black girl stands up, spreads her legs and leans over so he can keep pounding her muff. He fucks her friend on the floor and she sits on her face so she can eat her wet muff while he sucks on her perky nipples. He sits on the couch and she climbs on top, impaling her black pussy on his throbbing erection, riding it in reverse cowgirl with her sexy girlfriend caressing and kissing her body. If there is one thing these sexy black girls love more than their videos games, it’s their roommate’s big fat dick and his hot sperm all over their faces!