Blonde professor London Rivers is used to having a slut or two in her classroom, but this year, she seems to be stuck with a very slutty class. The girls are constantly distracted, fooling around, flashing their tits and asses and snapping naughty selfies. She walks into the classroom in her usual attire, a short black skirt and a tight blouse that hugs her sensual curves and shows off her cleavage. She begins her class but it doesn’t take her ling to notice her students are not paying any attention to her at all. The schoolgirls are busy watching and filming a couple of girls that are masturbating in the classroom. That’s it, she’s had enough. It’s strike there for these two and Professor London decides these girls need to be punished and disciplined. She makes them stand against her desk and bend over as she grabs her ruler and uses it to spank their tight butts in front of the class. She kneels before one of the girls, wearing leggings, and rips them wide open, exposing her juicy bubble butt and spanking it hard. The half naked girls get down on their hands and knees on her desk and twerk their naked butts while she keeps punishing them. The rest of the students in the classroom are filming this disciplinary session with their phones. London can feel her pussy getting wet, so she sits on her desk and spreads her legs wide open so the two spoiled students can take care of her. Her snatch is perfectly shaved and the teen girls enjoy licking it and flicking their tongues inside their professor’s gushing cunt. Her big tits are practically popping out from under her tight blouse as she gets excited from having these sluts eating her out in front of her classroom. The students unbutton her blouse and release her big bangers, cupping them in their hands and each one of them sucking on one of her nipples. The sexy woman presses their faces against her breasts, moaning and grunting with utter satisfaction and pleasure. Her desire levels are off the charts and she wants the girls to make her cum like a filthy slut in front of her classroom.   The lesbian teacher makes the teen girls get on all fours on her desk and finger bangs them. The class is snapping pictures and shooting video with their phones and she can already imagine the reactions when she ends up plastered all over the internet. The naked girls eat each other out in every possible combination, licking their wet pussies and rimming their tight assholes. While the girls are tribbing on her desk, she sits on their faces, feeling their wet tongues exploring her tight pussy. The rest of the class gets up and surrounds them so they can have a closer look at the professor turned into a slut. What can she say? If you can’t beat them, you might as well join them! Two naked teens get on the desk with their legs spread open wide in front of the class and the lesbian teacher starts rubbing their wet cunts. Her hands are soaked, their juice dripping down. Three hot naked lesbians keep licking each other’s cunts, assholes, moaning and having amazing oral orgasms.