To make some money this teenage girl works as a house sitter for the wealthy of Los Angeles. For better or worse, you wouldn’t believe the characters she worked for in her short time in LA. The husband in the house she’s currently working is a massive perv. He’s obsessed with anal sex, particularly, first anal experience. Her anal cherry is yet to be popped, making her a coveted trophy for her employer. That’s why, for the right price tag, she has sold her anal virginity to him. The little girl gets on her knees and begins by sucking and stroking his big, hard cock. She licks it from the base all the way up to the tip, deepthroating it so she can get as much saliva on it as possible. She’ll need that extra lube when his dick is in her tight virgin asshole. The tiny naked girl gets down on her hands and knees and he pushes his dick into her virgin asshole, popping her anal cherry as it stretches her butthole. His huge cock penetrates her little ass hole inch by inch, until he’s totally inside her. Her anus squeezes tight around his prick causing him to nearly cum right there and then. “Oh fuck,” she moans as she spreads her cheeks wider and he begins to pump into her ass anal fucking her doggy style from behind. “Fuck!” The feeling of his dick stretching her little asshole and moving in and out is unlike anything she has ever experienced before. He flips the young naked girl over for some ass to mouth action, fucking her mouth and pushing his dick down her throat so she can taste her own asshole on his cock and slobber it with saliva. He lies on his back and the tiny girl gets on top, impaling her butthole on his huge dick and riding it in cowgirl position. She grabs her ass cheeks and spreads them wide open while squatting over his cock so he can pound her asshole even deeper. “Fuck! Fuck!” he grunts, squeezing her cute little ass as his dick rips her asshole. She can’t wait for him to fill it up with his hot and creamy cum! The feeling is so strong that she begins to squirt, having her first squirting orgasm. “Cum in my ass,” the little girl moans “Do it in my ass.” each thrust become harder and harder as his release comes closer. He buries his cock deep in her little ass, cumming inside just as she climaxes too. He pulls his dick out of her ass and spreads her cheeks, watching as his cum runs out her gapped asshole.  