This gorgeous young blonde was tanning by the pool with her brunette friend, and the horny little slut noticed her hot dad, and soon enough, she got turned on by the sight of him shirtless. This naughty cutie sneaked into his room, got fully naked and started playing with her clit on his bed! When the man found his daughter’s slutty best friend waiting for him, naked and horny, he gave her the big cock she wanted. He whipped his cock out and when he did this she started sucking on it passionately. She kept going harder and harder while making sure to stroke the shaft, but soon enough she let the man grab onto her head and start fucking her face hard. The tiny blonde got on top of the old man and shoved his cock deep inside of her little pussy and then she let the man work her tight wet cunt with his thick cock. The little naked girl stood relatively still while the dude kept pounding her love hole with his cock while making sure that the girl was sitting in place. He wrapped one arm around her body and held the other one around her neck and fucked her as fast as possible, then he decided that the girl needed to get on top of him and when she did, it was the reverse cowgirl position that he enjoyed a lot, seeing as he moved his hips very quickly. The girl moaned and screamed as the big cock was ripping her young teenage pussy apart. She started stroking the cock while sucking it in 69, and the man was enjoying her sweet wet pussy as well while it was levitating right above his face. He made the blonde bend over once more and started fucking her tight wet pussy from the back while making the girl moan and hold onto her sheets for support. He kept pounding her harder and harder while the girl did her best to make sure that her back is arched. He cute little titties bounced around while she was getting her hole filled up by this big cock. The hot teen loved the fact that an older man was pumping her pussy full. The man straightened up once more after kissing the blondie a few times and gripped onto her little ass hard. After he established a hard grip, he decided to fuck her cunt even harder than before. He picked the cute blondie up, and when she straightened up, he grabbed onto her arms and started fucking her tight wet pussy fast. He forced the young naked girl down on her back and kept fucking her love hole. He didn’t stop even when his daughter entered the room and saw him cumming all over her friend’s face. 