My stepsister is really fun to play with. I always love thinking of ways of freaking her out completely. Today I got this bright idea to put a pink dildo on the glass wall of her shower. I didn’t really know what reaction to expect, but what ended up happening far surpassed any of my expectations. She didn’t just throw the dildo away, instead she even lowered it to pussy height. Things are getting really interesting now and I wonder whether she’s going to use it to please herself as well. To my surprise the slut actually did it. She pushed the dildo far up her pussy and started pleasing herself right there and then. I couldn’t believe my eyes and I had to get a better look at it. I peeked around the corner a bit too far though and she noticed me. Oh fuck, what the hell am I supposed to do now? Well, I guess I’ll go ahead and confront her and hope for the best. I hope she doesn’t tell our parents about this. She got really mad at first, but I can tell that she actually liked the little surprise that I ended up giving her. In fact, I almost think that she’s actually flirting with me for a moment there. My naked sister gets down on her knees and I can’t believe what’s going on. She starts unzipping my pants and I can only hope that she’s going to go through with this craziness and not prank me as I did her. She put her beautiful lips on my cock and I finally understand that she’s really serious about this entire situation. What’s even better is that she doesn’t just kiss it, but instead starts sucking on it like the dirty slut. I always knew that she was a slut, but I didn’t know that she was so slutty that she would end up sucking her own stepbrother’s cock. She keeps going at it and with the technique and force that she’s putting into sucking on my cock, I have to conclude that she REALLY liked that dildo that I ended up putting in her shower. I know that this won’t end with the blowjob since she got so wet from the dildo.   Instead, I’ll have to fuck her so that’s exactly what I end up doing. I grab hold of her from behind and start thrusting my cock inside of her tight pussy. I really can’t believe my luck with this insanely hot bitch and I can only hope that we keep doing this in the future. Grabbing her waist, I begin to plow into her pussy, balls deep into her little cunt. “Fuck me like the whore I am” This awesome little cutie pushs herself onto my erection. My horny naked sister sits on a bidet and toilet seat, spreads her legs and watches my cock as it slides in and out of her shaved cunt. We are both naked, and she is riding me reverse cowgirl, spreading her ass cheeks and showing her asshole. She turns over and keeps slamming herself down onto me. Up and down she goes, her tight pussy riding my dick, her tits bouncing in front of my face. “This is the best pussy you’ve ever had, isn’t it?” I grab her ass with both hands and pound into her as hard into her convulsing body. I keep fucking her until both she reaches climax and I end up cumming inside of her. I sure hope she’s on birth control though.