This beautiful rich blonde bitch has never been with a black guy. She has never gagged on a throbbing monster ebony cock. She has never been tossed around by strong muscular arms, and she never had her pussy stretched to its limits. The sexy blonde babe dreams about a huge black cock that will give her the strongest orgasm ever. She masturbates in the bathtub and fucks herself with that big black rubber cock shaped dildo in her bedroom while fantasizing about it, watching black porn on her laptop. All this is about to change. Tonight, this rich bitch is making her big black cock fantasy cum true. Wearing sexy white lace lingerie and with a blindfold covering her eyes, she sits on a chair in her bedroom, reaching under her panties and masturbating as her black lover comes into the room with a glass of bubbly in his hand. She opens her mouth, hesitantly, as he grabs his big ebony pole and brings it close to her lips. She stretches her silky tongue out and feels the heavy tip of that ebony cock on it. She licks it, moaning softly, drawing it to her mouth so she can suck on it. “I wanted that cock for so long…” she whispers as she tries to contain her desire and lust for it. He removes the blindfold as she struggles to deep throat his massive black meat sword. Now that the girl can actually see it, and its owner, she gets even more turned on. Her hands are all over his incredible, muscular, black body as she devours his ebony erection, stroking it with both hands. She has never wanted something so bad in her entire life of wealth and luxury. “Fuck my fucking face” she pleads as he holds her head with his hands and fucks her mouth, ramming that big black sausage down her throat, making the rich botch choke and gag on it. Her eyes go blank and the drool drips from the sides of her lips and down her chin. He straddles her on top and impales her tight pussy on his big black monster cock. “Oh fuck! Your big black cock is so fucking big! It feels so fucking THICK!” she has never taken anything so deep inside her little pussy before. And yes, he wants to pound the shit out of her, make her scream his name. He grabs her waist with both hands and drives his big black cock in her tight cunt. Her cute face contorts as she feels his powerful thrusts invade the depths of her vagina. She can hardly believe taking in the enormous black cock. Sweat pours down her body as she gets fucked hard in reverse cowgirl position.   Her orgasm is so intense that she starts to shake hard and her eyes roll in the back of her head. He doesn’t care and keeps fucking her harder and harder. She falls on the bed, orgasmic shudders passing through her body. She is breathing heavily, recovering from the pain and pleasure of his huge cock destroying her little hole. After receiving an incredible orgasm for the black dick, the sexy blonde eases back into it and continues riding it in reverse. She flips over for some cowgirl, followed by a 69, only with her lying on her back on top of him, sucking and stroking his black dick while getting her pussy munched raw. He puts the sexy naked girl down on her hands and knees and gives her the hottest doggy style fuck she has ever received in her life. Tomorrow her little pussy will hurt from that hardcore pounding. He fucks the shit out of her. His big balls bounce on her cunt. Her titties are dripping with sweat. Her tight pussy spasms intensely from the penetration of his incredibly thick black cock. He pins the naked girl against the bed and she claws the bed sheets as that massive ebony erection plows her pussy and stretches it out. After going black, this rich bitch ain’t ever coming back!