Three teen girls are playing around with a glass bottle. You know, spinning the bottle and all that. The bottle pointed at a black-haired girl, who did not want to lick the bottle after it was swallowed by the other girl, she got upset and left. This left the two bisexual girls alone and they both licked the bottle and they got horny and start making out passionately. The redhead even shoved the bottle into her friend’s pussy. She had never been with a girl before and her pussy was soaked with the thought of her first lesbian experience. The brunette got the redhead to bend over and started fingering her really hard and licking her tight wet pussy as she gently applied some suction to it. She had never eaten pussy before, it was amazing, she attacked her pussy and licked, sucked and bit her wet cunt from behind. The sexy naked redhead was groaning and squirming. The brunette laid back and spread her legs and the redhead lesbian started eating her tight wet pussy. She licked it passionately while the cute brunette moaned louder and louder and rubbed her pussy against the redhead’s face and caressed her head and sometimes even pulled on her hair. The young lesbians switched again. The naked girls started rubbing their bald pussies against each other. While they did this they both moaned and stared at each other. The movements of their hips were absolutely amazing and the teen lesbians both gave it their best. The brunette with the balls boobs even rubbed her tits while getting her pussy rubbed by the assertive redhead. The girls went for a 69. The brunette put her sweet pussy on top of the redheads face while the brunette fingered the redhead’s pussy slowly. Eventually, the brunette started licking the redhead’s pussy, too. The redhead would start fingering the brunette as fast as she possibly could until it was time to eat the brunette out again, but this time the brunette would be bent over and her pussy would be licked mercilessly by the redhead who also fingered her while she ate her out gently. The teen lesbians started rubbing pussies against each other once more and progressively got horner and hornier as their pussies got wetter as time went on. They moaned and screamed and eventually they both had to climax, which is exactly what happened after they both got their pussies rubbed nicely by each other for a few hot, steamy, passionate minutes. 