This sexy teen had been waiting forever to finally get to splash around and have some fun in the new pool. But it started to rain! Luckily, our stud pulled out his very own pool noodle, and she realized there was plenty of fun to be had indoors. Obviously, he got hard very quick and decided to whip his cock out for her, and the gorgeous little gal got down on her knees and let the man use her mouth as if it was a deep, warm pussy and as he fucked it, the short chick moaned in order to make the experience much more enjoyable for the man. However, they both got way too horny to only restraint to oral sex, so, it was time for some hardcore missionary pounding. The young naked girl laid on her back, and he gripped her titties fucking her, slamming deep into her little hole. The girl was soon bent over in doggy style, and her fat booty was up for display as the man filled her tight wet cunt with his large white cock. The short chick moaned in pleasure and even screamed occasionally because she loved the feeling of a hung man deep inside of her tiny pussy. The muscular dude held her by the neck and fucked her from the back, and the girl loved it. He rammed his cock deep into her, his hips slamming against her perfect ass. He also decided to grope on her titties for a while as well. They kept fucking hard in doggy, and the girl kept moaning as the man filled her up. Then, the naked girl decided to get all up on the dude’s cock in cowgirl position, and when she did, she started riding on it as hard as she possibly could, slamming herself down onto his rod. Her cute little body simply could not take the large load, and for this reason she screamed very loudly, but she also laughed every now and then, which was something that was quite hot. She seemed to enjoy the pain of a large cock ruining her tight pussy, and making sure that no other partner after this man could satisfy her the way he could. The girl pounced for a while but then the man picked her up, ateing her pussy in a standing 69 position while she sucked on his dick like a good little gal should.   However, the dude had to stop eating pussy every now and then, because the pleasure of getting his cock sucked on by such a big pervert like this brunette was something that he simply could not take, so he decided to bend the horny teen over once more, and now he filled pussy in doggy style once more. But the only difference now was the fact that the girl’s upper body was now pinned down to the ground as he filled her tight wet cooch with his powerful, thick white meat. The man then decided to lay the girl down, but she straightened up a little just so that she could suck on his cock. With his hard body crushing into her, and his magnificent dick destroying her cunt she felt her body convulse in the most powerful orgasm she had ever had. Her eyes rolled back in to her head and the muscles in her cunt walls slammed together, squeezing his dick. The teen girl felt him smash his cock as deep as it would go in to her little cunt and waited for him to cum before she passed out. After stroking through her lovely swim lane, he finally busts a fat load all over her.