I love it when my sexy girlfriend goes out shopping for lingerie because after done shopping for new underwear she makes sure to stop by my place so I can get a peep show! My sexy babe starts stripping naked right in front of me and I help her get off her old lingerie so she can put on the new one and model it for me in a kinky lingerie show. She tries on a sexy black lace one piece first, followed by a sexy pink bra and panty set that looks gorgeous on her. My little slut doesn’t even ask me for my opinion; she just looks at my cock and judges by how hard each outfit gets me! This last one got me rock hard, so she gets down on her knees, sucking and stroking my sausage in that sexy outfit. Oh I know how my babe loves to suck cock, and that big cock, just takes over her thoughts, she really loves sucking it. I lie down and she gets on top, her juicy bubble butt is facing my way as I push my dick inside her wet cunt. The feeling of her tight teen twat wrapped around my dick is amazing. My sexy naked girlfriend rides it in reverse cowgirl position and her hot tight body looks great bouncing on my dick. She gets off so she can grab my cock, licking the shaft and popping it in her mouth, lubing it up with her warm saliva. She gets back on top, this time fucking in cowgirl position. She can’t help rubbing her clit. Her titties are bouncing, her nipples are sticking straight up, and she is about to cum. She kneels on the edge of the couch and I fuck her cunt from behind. The more excited she gets, the faster and harder she pushes her tight bubble butt back up against my dick while we are fucking. My hot naked babe gets on her back, spread legged, moaning with pleasure and parting her pussy lips with her fingers as I plow her muff in missionary position. Her legs wrap around my back, and she hunches her juicy pussy up at me “Don’t stop, don’t stop. I’m gonna come, gonna come, gonna come…” Her new lingerie is littered all over the floor as I keep banging her in every possible position until she begs me cum all over her pretty face. 