Jia and Ella are two sexy redhead dolls out and about in the city and enjoying a girlie evening out when they pick up this hot black stud at the bar and he takes them back to his crib. While they take a bus to his pad, Ella starts making out with him and her slutty freind joins in, not before turning her phone on so she can. Ella keeps kissing the stud’s lips, but Jia prefers to go down, grabbing that big black cock in her soft hands and sucking it. The other passengers turn around and observe, amazed and in awe with what is going on in the back of the bus. Now both redheads are taking turns sucking that big ebony dick. A girl even grabs her phone and films some video, otherwise, who’s going to believe this wild kinky story? They reach their stop and they get off, ready to keep fucking in his crib. Both girls suck and stroke his huge ebony rod. Jia lets her friend have it all for herself while she gets behind her and snacks on her gushing pussy, licking and sucking it raw. She passes her wet tongue up and down the crack of her friend’s ass and gets a taste of her delicious asshole while tossing her salad. She spanks her tight ass and buries her face between her luscious butt cheeks while munching on that tender butthole. Meanwhile, Ella enjoys the mouthful of back cock she is being given by their ebony lover. Jia straddles herself on top of it and pushes it deep inside her gushing pussy, riding it in reverse cowgirl position while her girlfriend sits on his face and gets her pussy eaten out like raw sushi. Jia rubs her ginger cunt while that big black pole stuffs her. The beautiful naked girl flips over, still attached to it, riding in cowgirl position, gasping for breath. Ella takes her place on that big black dick, riding it while pushing her tots against the stud’s face so he can suck on her perky nipples while Jia grabs her juicy bubble butt and plays with it, pushing it up and down that big chocolate dong. Then she spreads her legs wide open and puts her muff on Ella’s face so she can lick and suck it while getting plowed by the black stud. He puts Jia on her back and bangs her in missionary position while eating out Ella’s snatch, who says men can’t multitask? Jia gets on top of her friend, who munches on her puffy nipples while that big black dick fucks her hard from behind. The naked redhead girls get down on their hands and knees, one next to the other, jiggling their butts for their man while he spanks them and then takes turns fucking them both in tandem. 