Mature redhead Syren walks into Scarlett’s dorm room and can’t believe the mess it is, with dirty clothes and panties all over the place. To make matters worse, the young girl is flunking all her courses. The headmistress tells her that she has to get up and get out because of her poor performance in school. As the teen blonde figures out what to do with her life, the old lesbian mentions the rumors going around campus about her being pretty loosey goosey while caressing her soft thighs with her fingertips. The headmistress takes the opportunity to get some sexual favors in return for letting the little slut stay on campus. She slides her hands under the young girl’s tiny white top and caresses her perky nipples, fondling her soft breasts. Knowing this will make everything much better, the blonde starts making out with her headmistress. The teenage girl spreads her legs and lets the lesbian headmistress remove her cotton panties, as she makes her lie on her belly and spreads her tender butt cheeks with her hands so she can get a good look at her asshole and cunt. The woman takes off her skirt, wearing sexy panties and stockings underneath. She spanks Scarlett’s ass and digs her fingers into her sweet little cunt, finger banging the blonde teen from behind. The woman places her hand over her mouth to muffle her load moans. She doesn’t want the rest of the dorm to find out what’s going on. The young naked girl grabs on to the bed sheets as the headmistress massages her cunt, making her squirm with pleasure.  Parting her butt cheeks, she sinks her tongue into the blonde’s tender asshole and tosses her salad. The lesbian loves eating out the tight buttholes of teen sluts like Scarlett. She passes her slick tongue up and down the crack of her sexy ass. She bends the naked girl over the top bunk, sliding her fingers from her asshole to her slit, feeling how wet the teen whore is getting. Then the naked woman gets underneath her and eats her out, munching on that teenage delicious pussy and tasting the sweet juices gushing from Scarlett’s slit.   The naked girls get back on the lower bunk, as the headmistress rubs her cunt against the teen’s, tribbing each other. They move all over the bed, which squeaks loudly as they scissor. The headmistress finds herself with her shoulders pinned to the floor and the teen girl on top of her, grinding her beaver against her own. The girl wets her palm with her saliva and uses it to lube up her pussy and the redhead’s. She spreads her legs and fucks her twat with her tongue and showing her she knows her way around a pussy too. The sensations are incredible and it’s no longer about Syren getting sexual favors from Scarlett, or Scarlett being allowed to stay in Campus. Now it’s all about giving each other lots of hot lesbian pleasure. Don’t miss more amazing lesbian scenes with strong, powerful women showing inexperienced submissive teens what a real lesbian is. Some of these straight girls had no idea what they were missing until they felt the touch, lips and fingers of another woman for the first time ever.