From my perspective, the only thing better than one redhead is two redheads, and the two of these babes are simply fantastic! Jia is visiting her friend Ivana. The girls haven’t seen each other since Ivana moved there a year ago for a French guy she met. Porn is nothing without a great story and atmosphere. Jia was a bit jealous when she found out her friend was moving to Paris, but now she’s just happy she gets to spend some time with her. Ivana is living her best life in Paris, which makes Jia very happy for her friend. She can’t wait to meet Ivana’s fiancée, Jean, but in the meantime, she needs her quality time with Ivana. There’s nothing like hanging out with her, nothing. The beautiful redheads start kissing while drinking champagne and Jia strips down to her sexy lingerie and sits on Ivana’s lap. She kisses her passionately, fondling her lovely breasts and sucking hard on her perky nipples. My gosh, I don’t know if I’ve ever seen something more beautiful than two sexy redhead girls make love. An absolutely awesome scene. Love, love, love the fires passion between these 2 redheads. Both girls are dropdead gorgeous, and there’s nothing hotter than two sexually piqued ladies pursuing and enjoying each other. One of the girls spreads her legs on the couch and the other one eats her out. It’s been so long since the last time they had hot lesbian sex together. The girl/girl intro is beautiful,…so intimate, real and felt,…and horny. Ivana’s fiancée, Jean, arrives and finds the girls naked on the couch, joining them for a steamy threesome. The girls suck and stroke his big hard cock together. Jia rubs her wet cunt while watching her friend riding Jean’s delicious cock and can’t wait for her turn. He fucks her mouth while Ivana caresses her body. This scene is wonderfully amazing and immensely enjoyable. Ivana gets on top of his fiancée, lowers her pussy onto his cock and starts riding him in reverse cowgirl. Her girlfriend masturbates watching them.   Ivana is slowly riding up and down on his dick, moaning and groaning through an orgasm. She can’t wait to see her fiancée fucking her best friend, balls deep into her red pussy. The next redhead sits on his lap and takes his cock in her pussy. She startss to bounce up and down his cock and Ivana starts play with her pussy, massaging her clit and her fiancée’s balls. He grabs her ginger hair and pulls it back while plowing her wet muff and Ivana smiles, masturbating while her fiancée pleasures her best friend. The naked girls get on the knees with their asses facing him. Nothing better than this view of two exotic asses side-by-side waiting to be pleasured. He licks their sweet pussies from behind doggy-style. Jia spreads Ivana’s ass cheeks and watches her lover’s dick stretches her cunt. She gets between them while he fucks Ivana from behind against the couch, then takes her place and feels that big dick pounding her so hard. The redhead vixen can’t wait to see her fiancée cum into her best friend’s mouth and kiss her, swapping sticky sperm with her. Jia can check a threesome with Ivana in Paris from her bucket list! Excellent threesome with two of the hottest, cutest redheads on Vixen. More scenes of these two girls together will keep your fans cumming, cumming and cumming!