This chick is hired as a sales consultant to help fire up a failing sales team, however, the man she was supposed to help out with sales and all that was more interested in her titties and her butt. For this reason, the office slut decided to let the man suck on her titties for a while, but soon enough she had the dude lay down and whip his cock out, and when she did this, the guy was already super hard. She sucked on his huge white cock, and eventually she let him put it deep inside of her tight wet pussy. When he did so, the girl was delighted. She truly has the most beautiful pussy! So smooth, plump pussy lips. Her guts could barely take this amazing pounding provided by the dirty bastard, and then she decided to take his huge cock up her throat, but as she did this, she had to rub her pussy nicely. The slut stroked his dick and rubbed her cunt while he led onto her throat, and she loved it. Then, when her cute little pussy got some rest, she decided to let him put it deep inside her once more, and he fucked hard in doggy style, and this was an amazing experience for her. Her pussy lips got all red from the hardcore pounding, and the man was delighted as well. She made the dude pull his cock out, and when he did this she sucked on it for a while, but he could not be stopped, and he started fucking her tight little coochie, but this time the girl got on top of the hung man and her fucked her hard in cowgirl, and the woman simply could not stand this, and so she moaned in pain the entire time. She kept on moaning and moaning as he kept on jamming his giant cock balls deep into her twat. Love the action with stockings and shoes on. The office slut just couldn’t stop cumming all over that great big sexy cock. The slut wanted him to cum all over her face and leave her dripping and naked so everybody in the office could see who biggest slut was. I love watching that pretty face dripping with hot cum. Love the way she enjoys the cum shot and love the slow motion replay of her taking that hot facial. 