Everybody has dirty secrets and sexy blonde Emma is ready to use them all in order to get what she wants. When she discovers her boyfriend’s submissive side, she arranges a meeting with her partner, a sexy brunette with a dominant streak. She places a collar and a leash around his neck and drags him away. This is exactly what the blonde needs, a distraction so she can look around the brunette’s office for some very important papers. She almost has what she needs when she’s called over by the brunette, who is getting her pussy eaten out by her boyfriend and wants the blonde to join them for some kinky threesome fun. The blonde slut gets very turned on seeing her own boyfreind licking cunt of another woman. She spreads her legs wide open so she can have her wet cunt eaten out by the brunette, who in turn is down on her hands and knees, fucked doggy style from behind by her submissive boyfriend on a leash. What a steamy situation! Emma rubs her cunt while her friend finger bangs her. Watching her boyfriend fucking her friend is such a turn on! The brunette gets on top of her and the girls lick each other’s bodies while the boyfriend pleasures both of them orally with his skilled tongue. He licks their ass cracks and tender assholes while the naked girls suck on their puffy nipples and make out like crazy. Emma finds herself on her back and spread eagled while her boyfriend fucks her twat in missionary position and her hot brunette friend sits on her face so she can eat her out, drinking those delicious pussy juices that gush from her slit. While she’s licking her muff, her boyfriend is rimming her asshole.   The brunette sits back and watches as Emma gets fucked so hard by her boyfriend. He pulls his dick out of her cunt so her friend can suck it and taste Emma’s pussy on it. He pushes her face against his crotch; burying his sausage down her throat and making her choke and gag on it. The hot naked brunette straddles herself on top and rides his hard cock in cowgirl position and the blonde sits on his face so he can eat her out. She feels his tongue moving from her pussy to her asshole, tossing her salad while her friend takes care of orally servicing her dripping wet snatch. The brunette slut grabs his dick and gives it sloppy head, drenching it with her saliva and pushing it back inside Emma’s snatch, sucking on his balls while he massages his girlfriend’s cunt. The hot naked girls suck and stroke his cock together, swapping their saliva mixed with his delicious precum. Then her friend gets down on her hands and knees and gets fucked doggy style from behind. Emma grabs her ass and spreads her butt cheeks wide open so her boyfriend can fuck her as deep as possible. She wants to see him cum all over her friend!