My new GF is so happy to see me when I come over to pay her a visit. I know why, she just can’t wait for me to fill her up with cum! She’s a sexy, skinny, tall babe with silky chestnut hair, long legs and a fetish for creampies. She’s wearing a sexy top, short skirt and crotchless thong, teasing me with that juicy pink pussy burger ready to get stuffed with creamy jizz. She strips naked and plays with her cunt, spreading her pussy lips with her fingers and sucking them whole she gives me the dirtiest looks she’s capable of. The sexy little slut crawls between my legs, taking my hard cock in both hands and pushing it inside her mouth, sucking it hard and deep. I have never felt anything like this before! I grab her head with both hands and push it against my crotch, making her deep throat my throbbing erection. She comes up for air and then goes back to giving me a glorious deep oral. Saliva drips down her lips and chin, splattering on my cock and balls. She smears it all over my member with her hands while jerking me off, lubing my dick up. I make her choke on my cock several times, fucking her mouth before concentrating on her tender snatch. The beautiful naked girl stands right over me and lowers her pussy on my face so I can stimulate her wet slit with my tongue, eating her out. I munch on her pussy lips and tug them lightly, she loves that stuff. The the hot naked babe straddles herself on top and let her wet vagina slide over my erection. I enjoy the feeling of her tight pussy as she squeezes her pussy walls. She begins to grind back and forth, placing her hands on my stomach as she rocks back and forth in cowgirl position. I hold her by her hips and ass while she bounces on my erection. What she’s doing with her ass is fantastic. She is so hot and I understand that I won’t last long from this, it’s so good, oh. I spank her butt cheeks and hold her against me as I blow my creamy load inside her. She pulls out and a big wad of sticky cum oozes from her slit and drips all over the place. My erection is still as hard as granite! Still dripping with my creampie, I put her on her back, spreading her legs wide open as I keep fucking her in missionary position, using my own cum as lube. I put my hot naked girlfriend over my lap again, this time in reverse cowgirl position, pounding her until I am ready to inject a second load of hot jizz inside her cum dumpster.   Her body is quivering and she is screaming, feeling her womb getting the biggest creampie she’s ever had. Her pussy takes every single drop and she keeps begging me for more, when it comes to getting her twat filled with spunk, she can never ever get enough! She likes to feel like a cum slut! She keeps riding me, slamming her cum filled cunt onto my dick. Cum is pouring down my balls. I’m cumming, she slams herself on my throbbing cock and moans, ahhhhhhh, feeling my long hard cock pulsating deep inside her vagina. I keep pumping more and more hot sperm deep inside her body. I don’t think my cock is ever going to stop cumming. The cum slut gets on her knees and tells me to keep fucking her from behind and cumming in her. My orgasm goes through my body like wild fire. I release another load of hot cum into her cunt very fast. Cum is flowing like a river out her gash and I move between her legs and keep pounding into her twat, making her quiver with pleasure! My dick makes squishy sound as we keep fucking, dipping into her pussy turned into a pool of sticky jizz that will keep over flooding.