My sexy step sister licks a lollipop seductively in front of me, pretending she does not know how hot she looks with a round object in her mouth, and that makes my dick so hard! While sucking her lollipop, she just knew that my shaft will grow up in a matter of seconds and that I’ll have to do something about it. Of course, I had to offer her to check the flavor of my dick, and this tiny slut hesitated for maybe like few seconds before she got down on her knees and started sucking. She was full of confidence, but I like how she started slow and then took it deeper up her throat like it’s something she does all the time. God knows how many other guys my sister sucked off before. I just couldn’t control myself so I came hard in her mouth, and she was very disappointed. I didn’t know either I would fill her throat with semen, so I had to make it up to her somehow. The other day I caught my naked sister under the shower, and she accepted my offer to wash her back and that tush that makes me go wild. My hands explored her young sensitive body as I slid them over her breasts and her ass. Reaching around front I ran my hand up and down her soapy slit. She then confessed how horny she was, and as any good step-brother would do, of course, I had to put my shaft in her. It wasn’t about my needs as I was doing what she demanded! Her tight pussy is something really special, and I felt incredible. Still, she was so wet in the matter of seconds that I could go as deep as possible, and she didn’t mind that at all. Just holding her tight ass made me even harder, and when I put her up to the wall and saw her playing with her pussy I lost my mind. Our steamy sessions ended up abruptly, as our mum and dad came back home. Why did that have to happen now? But when there’s will there is a way, so later she just came to my room hornier than ever.   I’ve made the little slut play with her pussy lips before letting her do what she likes best – giving me the sloppy blowjob. She seemed so happy that I felt like I have to fuck her throat every time I could, just to make her feel better. Whenever she feels sad, my cock is the cure! Though, I like her unshaved twat and how well my shaft fits in her. Fucking her from behind lets me have a good look of her tiny asshole, as I was stretching it a bit. I feel like that hole won’t be left unused for a long time and I hope my cock will be the first one there. My hot naked sister felt that and she begged me to fuck her even harder and then share my load all over her. Nothing says job well done like a massive amount of my jizz on her happy face. I ejaculated the sweetest cum she had ever tasted into her mouth. She sucked and slurped trying to make sure she didn’t miss a drop. I love fucking my little step-sister, and we are going to do it every time our parents are away. It may be wrong, but we can’t help it!