It’s a sunny day and you have a drop dead gorgeous blonde bombshell for a girlfriend, so it only makes sense to spend the day by the pool with her. You are both playing ring toss, tossing plastic rings into a rubber target, but your dick is getting pretty big and hard so your hot girlfriend decides to pull it out of your trunks and use it to play some cock ring toss. It’s a pretty fun game, but the hot blonde teen has something even more fun in mind. The little slut grabs you by your dick and walks you into the house so you can both get naked and have naughty fun. The young beautiful girl lies down and spreads her legs wide open, rubbing her wet cunt over the soft pink fabric of her thong and pulling it aside so you may contemplate her pink pussy burger. You get into a 69 with her, feeling the way she sucks and strokes your rock hard cock while you are munching on her lovely cunt, kissing her pussy, sucking her clit and tasting her juices gushing from her slit. You spread her pussy lips wide open with your fingers and use your slick tongue to stimulate her clit and she squirms in response, moaning and grunting in a sexy way. You lie down and let the sexy teen play with your big throbbing erection, lubing it up while she gives you one of her hot blowjob and handjob combos. She passes her lips up and down the sides of your shaft then swallows the tip all the way down to the base, deepthroating your member. She never forgets to take good care of your balls, sucking and licking them until they are soaked in her warm and slippery saliva. Finally the naked girl straddles herself on top and pushes your meat sword into her tight cunt until it’s totally inside her. The feeling is incredible, she begins riding you in cowgirl position. The little slut takes her time, beginning slow and soft and picking up speed and momentum as you both get more and more turned on. Still attached to your cock, she flips over and gives you full view of her juicy bubble shaped ass, even spreading her butt cheeks wide open with her hands while she rides your cock in reverse cowgirl. You stand up and put her down on her hands and knees, pounding her hard doggy style from behind. She constantly looks over her shoulder to make sure she is keeping you satisfied. The petite girl juts her ass way up high and pushes her upper body low, giving you a delicious angle to fuck her sweet cunt with your big hard cock. You pass your hands all over the small of her back and that big meaty ass while you are plowing her wet muff from behind and she is begging you to keep fucking her deeper, faster and harder. Flip her over, spread her legs and fuck that bitch in missionary until you are ready to shower her with cum! 