Beautiful redhead invited her girlfriend for a sleepover, but she doesn’t want to pajama party or to talk about the boys. In fact, boys are not her thing anyway! Now, how can she provoke her brunette friend to get naked and have some fun? “You won’t do anything about it, because you’re such a prude,” she says, but luckily for her, her brunette friend is ready to prove her wrong! She reveals a great pair of tits while her pants are torn apart and her beautiful pussy lips are now on full display. Redhead enjoys licking her twat, but there is a problem – her dad is checking them out again! Still, that won’t stop her! The horny little lesbian just put the blanket over herself and continues her mission, while her girlfriend struggles to remain calm talking to her father. “Were you sleeping?”, he asks her while she bluntly lies about feeling tired.  “Have you seen my daughter?”, he asks again while she replies, “She’s just in a bathroom.” That seems to do the trick, as he leaves without a word. Maybe he knows what’s going on but doesn’t want to embarrass the girls? The bathroom doors are open, and it’s evident that she is not there, so he must be aware that something is off! Just thinking about that makes these young dikes so horny, and now the brunette beauty starts doing wonders with her tongue before the roles are reversed, and her vagina and asshole are on the menu. Both young naked girls are cumming like crazy time after time, but these nymphos don’t know when to stop, and why would they? Dad is no longer around, so they are safe to enjoy themselves as much as they please. It seems that the girls don’t care if anyone hears them moaning and screaming while being fucked by each other and testing their limits. Now it’s time for something a bit different! Their pussies are so wet that they demand something bigger than a tongue in it. Toys are not on the menu since she’s afraid her that her dad will find them, so the redhead starts sliding two fingers in the other one’s pussy.   They fit so easily in her vagina like they are going through butter as she moans like crazy licking her friend. The young lesbians start rubbing their pussies directly on a mission to cum at the same time. These two shaved pussies rubbing against each other are amazing. Brunette has a tongue sent down from another planet! Her long tongue fits easily into another dike’s pussy, and after more diving lessons, both of them are so tired that they can’t move anymore. The girls came so many times that they’ve lost count! They came so hard they soaked the bed. Never in their lesbian sex lives, they felt this good. They feel each other perfectly like they are a match made in heaven. So they just lay around kissing and hoping they were going to do it again, once her dad goes away on a business trip. Maybe they can invite a few more girlfriends and even make a huge lesbian orgy, because who needs boys anyway?