My friend has one of the hottest sisters on the planet. There isn’t a guy on earth who wouldn’t hit that pussy from every single possible angle. Today my friend isn’t here to save his sister from her inevitable demise. I knew that she was a real skank but it’s not until I pulled out my cock that I really confirmed my suspicions. The nerdy girl saw my size and she was instantly amazed by how huge my cock was. The little slut asked me if she could touch my penis. She did not remove her eyes from my cock. It was throbbing in her tiny hand. “Oh, God, yes.” I tensed my body. “Don’t stop.” The little whore knew what I wanted, she opened her mouth and started to suck me off pretty much immediately. I don’t know the last time I had a blowjob this good, but something was really amazing and special about the way that this bitch was sucking on my cock. I sure hope my friend doesn’t find out that we’re doing this. She sucked on my cock like it was the tastiest ice cream on earth and I could only imagine how we would proceed with the rest of the action that I had in store for her. Obviously, she wasn’t just satisfied with me shoving my cock inside her mouth. I couldn’t take it any longer I was ready ti cum right into her mouth. She didn’t want me to finish right now, so fast. She took all her clothes off, gets on her knees and spreads her cute little ass for me. When I slid the head of my cock between her lips I discovered she was completely lubricated. I pushed forward and into her, the blonde slut moaned loudly and arched her back, pushing her ass toward mine, making me sink into her little cunt deeper. I started fucking her hard from behind. Her tight little ass was jiggling with every thrust forward that I took. She had one of the smoothest asses that I’ve ever seen too and I wouldn’t stop fucking her until I ended up cumming on her cutr face. “Oh, my God, there is so much of it. It feels warm, gooey, and slimy” I coudn’t stop cumming on her face, in her open mouth, she was so hot. 