This hot MILF is a mother of two and recently widowed. To honor her deceased husband she vowed never to marry or even date again, leaving her only one option when it comes to getting her rocks off – fucking in secret whenever she gets the chance. Lucky for the mature slut, her daughter’s boyfriend happens to have a thing for sexy blonde MILFs… Something is rather off between this dude and his girlfriend. She is moody and doesn’t let him even touch her boobs! Her slutty mommy is always ready to show him her juggs and ready to suck his cock. She is incredibly hot doing household chores teasing her daughter’s boyfriend with sexy stockings. This woman is so very hot and nasty, that purple dress fits that beautiful body great, shows her nice round ass and her big tits. While her daughter falls asleep, she starts doing an amazing blowjob behind a kitchen table. They do have to be completely silent, so the sound of her cock sucking is the only thing that can be heard. “Do you wanna fuck these big tits?” she whispers with the sluttiest smile. His dick is just getting bigger once in between her melons and the busty mom is even able to lick it a bit more, preparing herself for intense pussy fucking. If she could, she would scream so loud letting everyone know how happy is she that her meat hole is filled with a younger shaft. The whole situation makes her even hornier, and the woman begs her lover to nail her until only his balls are out of her wet cunt. The heavy pounding continues on the kitchen table, as the naked woman starts riding him. She feels proud bouncing off his cock as her son and daughter are only a few feet away. This cougar surely knows how to suck cock and she has the stamina to ride cock. Then she gets another idea: how about cleaning the table while she is being pounded doggy style? She is not able to do much, but she is trying her hardest! This MILF must be dreaming about being nailed this hard while doing any housework and there’s no guy right in his head who would refuse to obey her wishes. Horny mom is now ready to let him cum all over her, and the amount of jizz is the proof that they should do this again. 