I’m a new guy in the neighborhood, and this cute little spinner asked me to visit her, promising me hot action in her backyard. I couldn’t say no, as her smile told me that the action she is talking about is not football, but something that forbids wearing clothes. What I didn’t know is that her girlfriend will be around, showing me her perky tits minutes after I’ve met her! That was the reason for the girls to start fighting, but after I’ve cooled them off, I’ve made a promise: My cock would be enough to satisfy both of them. Luckily, the girls were quite happy with what I’ve offered them. Everything turned into a friendly competition, starting with blowjobs, though it’s hard to judge who was doing it better. My neighbor did incredible things with her tongue, but her friend could take it even deeper in her small mouth. The girls were taking turns showing me their dedication, but when they work together as a team, that’s when the real magic happens. While one of the petite girls was deep throating me, the other was licking my balls! I had to concentrate hard in order not to cum already right in their faces like a gezer! They wouldn’t be happy either, as they expected much more from me. Moving back to the bedroom, the teen girls stripped down in a matter of seconds, showing me all that they can offer. These girls were very hot with really nice looking pussies! Sucking continued, but now they were so horny that they’ll try to fit my pride in the warm mouths even deeper. Their motivation made me reward them with my shaft in their pussies. A horny dark haired girl was first on the menu.   The teen slut was so wet down there that could I slide in easily, no matter how tight she was. Seeing the naked girls work together and making their bond stronger brought a tear to my eye and an even bigger hard-on. “I love watching her titties bounce while she rides you,” said my neighbor with that dirty smile, because she knew she’ll be at her place in a matter of seconds. Though, I wanted to nail her doggy style, so that I can fill her pussy while her girlfriend encouraged me to fuck her even harder. The girls might be petite, but they would take everything I could offer! I loved it when brunette demanded that I pull her hair as some rough action makes her cum even. These innocent looking ladies are cock hungry whores of the highest caliber, and they begged me to use them! While I fucked one of the sluts, she was muff diving the other chick – that’s what real friends are for! While I continued pumping them, they started moaning and screaming even harder, like they wanted the whole world to know what kind of sluts they are. Now it was time to cum all over them, but I had to make sure that both girls got the same amount of jizz. There are no losers in this competition, and we need to do this all over again!