It was a perfect sunny weekend at the country club. Tennis coach has just finished a lesson with one of the VIP club members, but there was something different about that day as if something was in the air making everyone acting a bit unusual. This tennis coach dude went to hide from everyone so he could have a smoke but that busty VIP lady followed him and scared him from the back. She started kissing him and touching him and boy, was he happy and turned on. He pulled down her little pink top and exposed her gigantic fake breasts. Tennis jock squeezed those jumbo jugs and started kissing and licking her whole body. Slowly he went down and pulled her skirt up just to discover that she was not wearing any panties. He saw her gigantic clit calling him to eat her wet hairy pussy. He licked that enormous clitty nice and slowly not noticing that somebody is watching them. It was also one of the VIP members, one of those hot smoking models who earn a bunch of cash. She got so turned on when she saw these two lovebirds but suddenly someone grabbed her from behind. It was her boyfriend who was there with her for the weekend. He pushed her into their room and laid her on the bed leaving her head to hang upside down so he can stab her delicious mouth with his long rock solid cum gun. While this lustful slut choked on her lover’s dick, he pulled up her crop top and grabbed her firm round titties. He put his hand inside her white panties and rubbed her magic button just to prepare her pussy for what is about to come. Meanwhile, in the backyard, that tennis coach was getting a blowjob of his lifetime.   The big clit babe sure knows how to suck it with her huge silicone lips! Back in the room that good-looking model was finally getting what she wanted and that is a P in her V. Her boyfriend banged her cock pocket like never before making her cum so hard that her head was about to explode. Out in the backyard monster clit mama was also getting some pussy fuck from behind. In the meantime, the temperature in the room started rising making that slutty model all sweaty and wet from hard vagina banging. Things were literally burning at the country club because these two couples shagged like some crazy wild animals during the mating season. At one point it even seemed like these people had some kind of deal because they were fucking in exactly the same manner. After hours of pounding naughty model was on the floor getting slammed by her boyfriend who started choking her neck because he knew that was her favorite thing! Her cum dumpster instantly started squirting like a fire hose making them both all wet and sticky. He fucked the hell out of that pussy and, of course, he filled it with his steaming dick milk.