The cute little blonde asked her boyfriend to come and visit her, but not because she wants to talk – she demands some hard impaling! She is all over his big cock when he entered the house and didn’t care that her new Asian step-mom can see what’s happening. Since they’ve met a few months ago, they always had a bit of rivalry, because both of them are horny sluts. Checking on her step-daughter, like a good parent beautiful MILF has to intervene when she figures out that her blowjob skills are just horrible! She can see that her boyfriend is not happy and will break up with her if something is not done immediately! The young girl is not even able to hold his boner correctly, let alone take it in her mouth. “Have you not learned anything from what I told you”, her step-mom says. “Sweety, we went over this so many times.” Actions say more than words, so busty Asian takes the shaft in her mouth like a pro. She sucks it deep, and even though the cock is long and thick, that’s no problem for her. She always talks about how proud she is of her cock sucking skills, so her wish is that her new step-daughter follows her path. Luckily, the younger slut is a fast learner – she opens her mouth and takes her lovers pride up her throat before he slides it in her wet cunt. Like a good student, the blonde rewards her teacher by sucking her pussy. She does it perfectly, making her slutty mom very proud. Asian slut is also cock hungry, so she is speared while she is tasting her step-daughters primary fuck hole. They have no sense of shame, and nothing can stop them from cumming all over again. Mature than takes the cock of a lucky man and personally shoves it in her daughter’s vagina. It’s so wrong, but that makes them even hornier!   The naked girls both demand to be pummeled harder, taking turns. Which one does it better? The blonde girl takes a deep pounding while in a reverse cowgirl position, showing that she is ready for any kind of challenge. Matured slut is doing thing a bit different. She likes to be plowed a bit slower, but she also takes it even deeper. Her snatch was filled with hundreds of cocks in the past decades, so her experience is the key here. It seems that the difference is negligible as they both are proud, magnificent whores, as they should be. Just ask the guy who is doing the fucking as his shaft has no problem entering four different holes today. The girls do a great job as they suck and fuck his huge cock, and when the MILF takes his cum all over her face and her big boobs, it’s clear this cute blonde is well on her way to superslutdom! There’s nothing like family sex, and MILF whore and her step-daughter will continue these wild sessions in the future!