My girlfriend likes to party hard, and her birthday was a great excuse to call in a bunch of people at our home later that evening. I just needed a few minutes to unwind, but then I saw her, entirely naked in our bathroom, while she was putting on makeup. She is probably the only woman in the world who’s doing this while being nude, and I never figured out why. Man, we’ve been together for two years now, but whenever I see her like that, I lose my mind. This redhead fox likes to tease me, shaking her juicy ass and exposing her pussy for me. “I see where this is going,” she said, but of course that’s what she was hoping for.  Suddenly, I wasn’t tired at all. My dick got hard in a matter of seconds, and soon after, she was in the bad with me. I love how she treats my cock and that slutty surprised look she had when she saw it like it was her first time. My shaft still hasn’t reached its full potential, but both she and me knew that her warm mouth would make it rock hard. My hot girlfriend licked my fat cock for a just a few seconds before she took it in her mouth. She’s natural, and when she looked into my eyes, I had to concentrate hard not to release my load straight into her throat. Her cock sucking is always fast and hard like she is in some competition, or she is testing her limits. Her deep throating skills are getting better, and she loves it when I praise her for that. Soon enough, she’ll able to swallow my pride entirely! My cock was rock and hard and ready to enter her pussy. My babe was already dripping wet, so I could already go deep inside of her tight twat, while she was bouncing her ass. My girlfriend is a natural slut, and it is hard to push her to her limits.   Her meat hole swallows my rod no matter what kind of position we choose. She loves it when she is the one controlling the pace, but my personal favorite is when she’s on top of me, cowgirl style. Her tits bouncing while I’m impaling her cunt feels like I dream, and that look on her face that is the perfect mix of pain and pleasure makes me want to fuck her mercilessly. She would have asked me to do that anyway! “I’m gonna cum for you, baby,” she told me sounding like she never did that before. Her voice, her gasps and the dirty talk – such a sexy slut! Now it was my time to shoot my load all over, and she was so happy to see such amount of semen. The bigger the load, the better the sex we had, at least in her mind. Now, we both had to prepare for the evening. I decided to lay down for a bit, letting her wash my semen off her. The very next day, we just locked all the doors, and I fucked her brains out. I wish everyone could have a girl like that!