She’s hot! She’s sexy and she’s about the get angry like a bull! Bootylicious babe’s worst nightmare is here! Her ex-boyfriend is getting married! She completely freaked out when she read the wedding invitation. She just can’t stand the fact that her Romeo is now banging someone else! The angry brunette throws on a coat and rushes over to his house. She has the perfect plan to spoil everything so she decided to surprise her ex by showing up at his door! Meeting his new fiance was not what she had in mind but she had one goal only and that is to make her ex regret for leaving her! She is a super slut, beautiful face and fantastic body, sexy lingerie… She is so perfect, specially with stockings. After a little chit-chat in the living room the hot brunette had to freshen up a bit and the sleazy mother fucker followed her to the restroom! Of course, the fucker couldn’t resist so he dragged her into the bedroom and shut the door! He pushed the slut onto the bed, took off her nice little G-string and started banging her pussy straight away! No foreplay, straight to the action! As soon as his cock landed into her wet cunt they both forgot about his bride to be! He fucked the bitch like some crazy horny dog, slapping her behind, making her want him even more! A little bit of ass licking and a lot of hard pussy fucking was making this girl go completely nuts! The naked girl started twerking her nice round ass as if she was getting prepared for miss Bumbum competition! The bloke had to rest for a bit but not her! She grabbed his huge cock and started licking it and sucking it like it was her favorite flavor of ice cream! The slut swallowed his stiff boner so deep that she almost choked! He fucked her hard in the mouth before she started riding his dick rodeo style! I love how her boobs bounce with each movement she makes.   This honey screamed so loud not giving a damn about his fiance who was waiting alone in the living room. That bastard couldn’t settle just with her pussy so he started drilling her asshole like a machine! Just when the things were about to explode that poor fiance came to look for them. She knocked on the door causing huge panic in the room. The bastard tried to hide what he was doing and his fiance was stupid enough to believe him so these two ex-lovers could go on with ass slamming. Her big tits were making slapping noises that were driving him insane. Her boobs are so delightfully large. “Cum all over me like I know you want to!” His fiance came back just in time to see him cumming into the slut’s mouth. She was naked with cum drying all over her body, crusting her face, her big round tits and all down her belly to her cunt. His ex girlfriend smiled as she picked up a glob of his cum with her tongue and sucked it down.