I met this young bimbo in my gym. She was staring at me the whole time like no one else was around. She taught that I’d like the attention and she was right. She was a gorgeous looking tiny spinner with small ass and tits, and that only made my imagination run wild. I asked her if she would go to my home for some drinks, and of course, she accepted it. Minutes later, she was jumping in my bedroom butt naked, shoving a large glass dildo in her snatch. This confident young slut didn’t ask for anything; she expected me to fuck her like there was no tomorrow. Once I entered the room, she was already on her knees ready to suck my boner. How can you say no to her? I was already hard as I knew what should I expect, but when my dick was in her mouth wonders start to happen. It began to grow even more until it was rock hard. She was struggling to continue, but her pride wouldn’t let her quit. She was gazing at me with those beautiful brown eyes like she was asking if she’s been a good slut. I think she knew the answer by now and her smile showed that. She obviously had a lot of experience even though she was just barely legal. I bet that hot teen gave an impressive amount of blowjobs in her life sucking a dick whenever she could. It’s a beautiful thing watching my pride in her throat while her small tits are bouncing around. Then I wanted to taste her pussy. My god, she was already so wet down there! I licked, sucked and pulled on her pussy lips with my mouth. I covered her pussy lips with my mouth and pushed my tongue in her vagina. I decided to impale her little cunt, and she was on top of me, riding my enormous shaft like it’s not a big deal.   Her snatch completely swallowed it, as I felt my balls on her ass cheeks. By now if figured that this teeny is a pure nympho who is only truly happy when a big dick is inside her. It looked like she needed more as she rubbed her pussy even though I fucked her deep and firm, holding her little ass. Skinny naked girl was also enjoying the view as she asked me to continue probing her. We switched every single position as her smile was only getting bigger. She came so many times that she probably lost count, but she needed more. I fucked the hell out her. Her tight pussy was pounded and pummeled like it had never been before. This teen whore was something really special. I nailed her until I couldn’t contain myself further as I blasted my load all over her gorgeous body. Happiness on her face showed me how happy she was. Every drop of semen she saw as a result of her hard work. Dead tired, she was lying on the bed naked, but I felt she would be up for more a bit later.