This gorgeous brunette MILF is getting ready to go out for the night with her husband. That is, until she notices their teenage maid, cute and innocent blonde. The lesbian takes the young girl by her uniform and pushes her against the bathroom wall, hiking it up and exposing her white cotton panties. She grabs her tight ass and spanks it, pressing her body against her own. Their mouths are just a few inches apart and the girl opens her, spreading her tongue out for her mature employer as they start making out. She slowly sucks on her nipple and touching and squeezing on her soft tight tits so hard with her hands feeling all over her whole sexy and hot body with my hands and she gets so excited. The lesbian rubs the maid’s muff over her cotton panties and can already feel the fabric getting drenched with her gushing juices. The little slut is dripping wet. She pulls them down her thighs and masturbates her, spreading her pussy lips wide open with one hand and fingering her with the other. The lesbian sucks her clit into her mouth and holds it between her lips. The woman starts eating her out, stripping her naked and making her lean against the shower stall, licking both her pussy and her asshole. The girl grabs on tight and feels her employer’s slick tongue wriggling in her pussy and asshole along with her fingers, making her squirm with pleasure. When it’s her turn, she sinks her tongue inside the cougar’s snatch and tastes her delicious juices. She inserts two fingers inside her clam and uses them to masturbate her. But will her husband ever find out that behind the shower curtain his wife’s cheating on him with the maid? The naked woman makes the girl lie down on her belly on the bathroom floor, spreading her butt cheeks and tossing her salad while finger banging her pussy at the same time. The naked girls rub their pussies together, tribbing on the bathroom floor and screaming with pleasure at the top of their lungs. The sexy MILF will spend the night out with her husband just waiting to get back home to her maid! 