Young skinny dude has always hated the fact that everyone at school thinks he’s some kind of nerd. One day after P.E. class school bully Chad stripped this nerd and sealed him in one of the lockers. Poor fella thought he was lost. Suddenly someone entered the room, it was his smokin’ hot P.E. teacher. He could see her taking off her clothes. She is damn beautiful. Youngster’s penis started pulsating but he was afraid of getting into trouble.  Seductive babe could sense that she’s not alone over there, so she opened the locker and discovered that the nerd is inside completely naked. Poor dude complained about what happened. He felt like such a loser, but while he tries to explain what happened, his teacher can’t keep her eyes off of his huge cock. She decided to take a little revenge by taking photos of what she’s doing and sending them to that evil school bully. She took the nerds long stiff dick and put it in her delicious mouth. She sucked nerd’s wiener and played with his balls while taking a bunch of photos that she will later use to make that bully suffer. Foxy darling posed for the camera like a true porn star. Nerd boy got relaxed so he went down and moved her little red thong so that he can lick her tight cunt and suck her pink jellybean. Sexy babe was really surprised as well as pleased with how the nerd is handling her tasty wet pussy. She took another round of photos, but these were for her personal folder just so that she can remember this amazing moment. Nerd boy prepared meat hole so he can enter smoothly. He turned his P.E. teacher around and slipped in her shaved vagina. As soon as he was inside he started pounding her hard doggy style. The slutty teacher was burning. Even though she loves banging with her students, this was something special, a revenge fuck to teach others a lesson!   The sexy naked girl twerked with her ass while the nerd was drilling her fanny. The teenage boy turned this slut around so that he can see her face while cumming. Lusty chick rubbed her clitty while her student was penetrating her cock holster. After having a small orgasm this sensual honey gave her favorite nerd another round of fellatio but the nerd just wanted to be inside her cunny, so he entered again. The naked babe was lying on the bench while the youngster was invading her honey pot. It was nerd boy’s turn to lie on the bench. She started riding his donger rodeo style. Shes so hot and love that cute little shaved pussy. The whay she works her gorgeous body is something amazing. She twerks her perfect ass up and down, cheeks rotating and switching. They were both so horny that they totally forgot about classes at school. The sexy teacher was humping her student’s pecker for hours. School bell rang so they knew they had to stop. The wild teacher grabbed that pulsating joystick and sucked it really fast and hard so her new favorite student came right into her mouth making her swallow all of his steaming dick milk.