I was staring at this gorgeous girl in a very tight crop-top, and her pink pajamas were sticking to her pussy quite nicely, so I decided to bother her a bit since she was obviously very horny. I just had to squeeze on her titties, and she let me! God, those tits were unbelievable… I caressed them, and felt her nipples harden against my palms. I played with them for a while until her nipples got very hard, I got very hard too! “Take me now,” she whispered. She grabbed my hard dick and began kissing the head. I got on top of her and slapped my cock on her cheeks, and she started stroking it while I was making sure to stand still, but soon enough this wasn’t doing it for me anymore, so I started moving my hips and shoving the cock inside her mouth on my own. The cute girl stroked my cock nicely and moaned while she did so. Then, we changed positions, and she started sucking on it while I laid down. I fucked her throat like this as well. Then, she got on top of me, reached down and grabbed my cock and directed it towards her pussy. Slowly she impaled herself with my cock. Her pussy was already wet and so tight and warm. Looking into my eyes the sexy young naked girl started bouncing on my dick like there was no tomorrow. As she came down I would thrust my cock upwards hitting her as deep as I can. Her boobies were bouncing around in front of my face. I reached up with both hands and tweaked her pink nipples as our tempo increased and she started to moan. She is drop-dead perfection. She kept riding my dick all while screaming loudly and making sure that she stared directly into my eyes as I uncontrollably moaned. Then, the young naked girl changed her posture so that her pussy was closer to me, just like her legs, but there wasn’t that much of a difference, but as it seems, she was able to bounce on my cock faster like this, so she kept doing it, and it looked amazing for me. Then, it was time to use her hips more than she used her thighs, and she put her hands on my chest and started swinging her hips seductively as her pussy gripped tightly on my cock, making it harder and harder. The little slut decided to bounce on my cock again. However, this time she bounced harder than ever before and her tits jiggled.   I couldn’t stop staring at them. Then, she turned around so that her ass is in my face and started bouncing on my cock with her big fat butt. She kept staring at me directly in the eye to see if I like this kind of sex, and she progressively picked up the pace with her wonderful child-birthing hips as time went on. The babe turned around once more and spread her legs nicely, but this time she let me fuck her tight cunt while we were face to face, instead of having her bounce around on me aggressively, and she seemed to like this much more as my hips were faster and stronger than hers. My thick cock penetrated her, and it was time for some missionary pounding after this. The feeling of her teenage cunt wrapped tightly around his cock was amazing. I moved one hand to caress her breasts, the other to start touching her clitoris. Both of us climaxed at same time. I felt her pussy spasm around my cock as she milked every drop of cum from my cock. The gorgeous “girl next door” type! I haven’t seen a girl this natural, clean fresh-scrubbed, genuine, likeable persona — and with such great vanilla cocksucking skills — in many, many years! Let’s hope she gives a porn career a shot.