When our stud got home from a date gone bad, he wanted nothing more than to break out the laptop and watch some consolation porn. But instead of getting some private time, he found his step sisters fighting over the computer. The problem was that the girls needed to do some homework and he wanted to watch some porn. So these three kids made a deal. While one sister does her homework, the other one will play with her brother’s dick. One cutie sat and started working on her assignment while the other one was deepthroating her brother. His boner got as solid as a rock. That was the best blowjob he ever had, and it surely was much better than just watching porn on the laptop. Lucky dude had live action. At one point the battery on the laptop so he told his step sisters that he would give them the charger if they fuck with him. The girls love being successful at school, and they always do their homework’s and this time they didn’t have much choice. Both of the girls started licking and sucking their stepbrother’s big pulsating dick like it was their favorite flavor of ice cream. Stepsisters took off their clothes exposing their sunning firm bodies. Unfortunately, there is only one dick in the room so beautiful teens needed to be patient. One of the sisters turned around so her stepbrother can approach from behind. He drilled that tight wet cunt like a wild horny dog while the other babe was slapping her sister’s apple-shaped booty. The teen slut also used her hands to help with the penetration, because her sister hates when the dick slips out of her vagina. It was time to bang pussy number 2 so the three of them laid on the bed. One sister was down, and the other one was on top of her. Horny step brother started fucking the slut fast and hard. Her ass bounced like those butts on a twerk contest. Since the naked girls were in a perfect position, the guy was able to switch from hole number one to hole number two quickly. The girls exploded in orgasms, and their stepbrother was on seventh heaven!   Their parents won’t be back soon, so the teens have plenty of time to enjoy themselves. It was time to change the position, so both of the girls kneeled and bent over making their wet cunts the perfect target for their brother’s cum gun. The dude fucked his stepsister doggy style grabbing her big round ass leaving her with red hand marks all over it while the other stepsister was watching and craving for another orgasm. The naked girls switched positions so this time the brother was down, and one babe was up getting some hard cock drilling while her sister was rubbing her clit. Horny slut exploded in orgasms. The dude was surfing those hot vaginas like a porn star, and it’s no wonder. He watched so many porn in his life, so he picked up all the knowledge. He slammed the girls until he was ready to spurt his load and shoot cum all over the horny sluts. Young dude knew he had to finish before their parents come back home. He jerked off his Johnson spilling the jizz all over his stepsisters’ faces.