Don’t miss this must see, open-air, anal fuck session. The combination of the wonderful city of love – Paris and a lovely, gorgeous young woman is sure to be a “winner”. Nancy is living her dream. She got her internship at a museum in Paris, her favorite city in the world. Art is her passion, and living and working in the City of Lights feel like a dream to her. Things got even better when she met a cute artist with a flat overlooking Eiffel Tower. She fell in love, and this morning she was particularly inspired to express it. While he is still asleep, young blonde already has a mouth full of his thick cock. Nothing like a soft, tender BJ to wake you up. She knows that men are hard in the morning and that this is the best way for him to wake up. He is surprised, but he doesn’t want her to stop. His hands are all over her wet pussy, as she continues giving him a tremendous blowjob. Now that they are both wet, he slides his thick cock in her pussy, as she starts riding him. It’s an epic showdown as she enjoys every moment. She is the one controlling the pace, so they start slowly like it’s foreplay. The pounding only gets harder and deeper, but they are not in a hurry. He tastes her cunt and even licks her asshole, before nailing her doggy style. How long can he resist her beckoning asshole… not very long. Now it’s time for the main dish. She is riding him again, but this time, his throbbing shaft is up her tight asshole. She was always a fan of anal sex, and even though it hurts, for her it’s the best feeling in the world. The hot naked blonde likes to feel like he owns her entirely as he keeps sodomizing her without mercy. The beautiful slim lady keeps riding his cock anally in reverse cowgirl and in cowgirl balls deep in creamy ass, getting her pussy and ass pounded in missionary position. Everything has to end up there, with her rectum full of his cum as they both lay down dead tired but happy. Great to see the delicious young woman Nancy in an anal session in the city of love – Paris. This girl is one of the most exquisite “newcomers” in contemporary porn. Her slim welltoned body is almost perfect, her firm well-shaped tits, her round tempting tush…and that absolutely irresistible pussy. What sane man would not dream of having sex with this gorgeous creature and cum on her beautiful smiling face. 