They’ve been married for some time, but their sex life has now become stale. His wife decided to bring a high-class whore to their home so they can use her as their toy. Brunette whore is already butt naked as his wife sucks her pussy before he decides to join in and taste her too. Just this whole situation is an incredible turn on. He never knew his spouse is such a slut, and it seems that she had more than a few lesbians sessions in her life. This is not the time to ask questions, as he is already diving in her twat before he offers the brunettes his already rock hard dick. It’s like sort of competition where both girls are trying to deep throat his man meat. That is quite a challenge, and even though they gag and lose breath at times, they continue to suck him. There is no bad blood between the girls as they support each to take it even deeper. While one has her mouth full of cock the other one enjoys the view with a big smile on her face. It’s a challenge to satisfy two young nymphos, but the lucky guy is up for it. His wife breaks the ice when she starts riding his raging shaft on their bed, as she is moaning like crazy. This is something different, not just because another woman is playing with her pussy while she is nailed, but because it’s the first time she has been in a threesome for many years. Her husband doesn’t know much about her wild college girls where she even organized some orgies and was in the center of the attention. She never came so fast as now. While paid whore is sucking her nipples, brunette wife loses her mind and begs her man to continue fucking her even harder. They never had such wild sex before, and she never had his dick so deep. Now it’s time for a change. He has been faithful to his wife, and this is the first time he’ll be inside another pussy. The feeling is fantastic, as this brunette whore can take it all up to his balls. She is moaning and screaming, but she only asks him not to stop as she is coming wild and squirting all over herself and his body. But she wants more, even deeper and harder. She might be professional, but she didn’t have such intensive experience for some time. Both naked brunettes are taking their turns as the guy starts pounding them doggy style as they both lose count how many times they’ve come. The girls both worked his dick hard, so they need to share the prize. Two brunette hotties, ass slapping and squirting, this looks great! There are no limits anymore as the screams are getting louder and their pussies are pounded roughly. Nice 69 action with a rim-job added. She is ready to catch that cummy cream pie. This was a perfect experience, and happy pair is already thinking about the next threesome adventure. These girls are just two of the prettiest brunettes around, with that athletic slim figure they know how to fuck.  