When horny girl Emily sees her boyfriend’s hot cougar mom spying on them while she is riding his stiff cock in his bedroom, she immediately knows what to do. A steamy lesbian fuck with her boyfriend’s hot mom is the first thing that comes to her dirty mind. His mom leaves the door half open so she can keep watching the teens fucking while reaching under her skirt and touching herself, visibly turned on by their love making. Emily touches herself too, screaming “I’m going to cum for you, baby!” and she’s not referring to her boyfriend and his mom knows it! Those dirty words and her orgasm are meant specifically for her! The mature mom rushes back downstairs to the kitchen. Just a few minutes later her son and his slutty girlfriend join her and he asks if she can stay over, since he has to leave for work and doesn’t have time to drop her off back at her place. While asking her, Emily is flashing her with her lovely tits! She accepts and as soon as her son leaves, Emily makes her move. The hot teenage girl rubs her cunt over her skirt and slowly undresses her and bends her over the kitchen counter, spreading her ass and sliding her tongue deep into her dripping wet slit. The two girls get so worked up that she just has to return the favor. Emily leans back and lets her boyfriend’s hot mom pleasure her tight snatch with her mouth. While licking, kissing and sucking on that delicious pink cunt, she masturbates shamelessly. Her son’s girlfriend grinds her pelvis and rubs it against her face so she can lick every nook and cranny. After making her cum with her tongue, the woman stands and places her hands behind her back as the teen girl cups her big tits in her hands, biting on her nipples as she sucks them. The girl sits on the kitchen counter and spreads her legs wide open so her boyfriend’s mom can eat her out some more. She licks that cunt like it’s the sweetest treat in the kitchen and then the girls move upstairs to the bedroom. Here the young naked girl sits on her face and smothers her with her pussy, riding her mouth and feeling her slick tongue wriggling inside her. She flips over and the lesbians engage into a steamy 69, eating each other out and rubbing their wet pussies with their fingers on bed.   The naked mom gets down on her hands and knees and rubs her cunt while Emily sinks two digits inside her snatch and finger fucks her. She has the best pussy licking skills and she looks good with tongue in her twat! The naked woman is getting dominated by the teen lesbian, getting her pussy fingered, licked and scissored until she can’t take it anymore! She grabs on tight to the bed sheets and her mature body is rocked by powerful orgasms courtesy of her son’s girlfriend unlike any other she had ever experienced before in her life. Emily presses her pussy against hers and the sexy lesbian sluts scissor each other, tribbing until they are sexually drained, exhausted and delighted by each other. And don’t worry about her son finding out – this is going to be a girls-only secret…