There’s nothing like taking a walk down the street and running into a smoking hot chick. After getting a look at her, I wanted just to see her fully naked, lick her pussy clean, kiss her titties, fuck her and cum all over her cute face. This spunky brunette in boots, skimpy shorts and a big yellow fur crop top long sleeved sweater really caught my eye and since she was walking straight at me, I struck up a conversation. I hoped she would accompany me back to my place, but she told me she was on her way to a date, so I followed her back to her place instead. It turns out her date was with a hot brunette girl! I stuck around, to see if I could catch a glimpse of the lesbians inside the house and, man, I caught much more than just a glimpse. The brunette had her against the glass panel patio door, her tits stuck to the glass while she got her pussy fingered from behind. Of course she saw me, I could tell by the coy smile on her face. Thing is, her date almost saw me too! I ducked in time and took out my phone, capturing some raw video of these two sexy lesbian sluts tribbing on the couch. This time she saw me, but her friend told her it was okay and invited me to stay and watch as the brunette got down on her knees and sucked on a big ripe yellow banana this girl was holding between her legs, as if it were a dick. While doing so, she signaled me to come closer and join them. Both of the naked girls lied on their backs and focused on my rock hard cock, using their mouths to show me what passion is. Watching two young cumsluts suck dick is the best! I could feel their velvet tongues dancing on the tip of my dick as I groped their tits, what a feeling! I got on my back and the girls kept blowing my dick and sucking my balls together, they were a perfect cock sucking team, man.   The brunette deep throated me and I helped her, pushing her head down against my rod so she could swallow it whole. The first girl helped her friend squat over my cock and pushed her down on it, impaling her pussy on my meat sword and letting her ride it in reverse cowgirl position while she fondled her breasts from behind. After banging her, it was time for her friend to take a ride on my cock, this time in reverse cowgirl so I could take a good look at her juicy bubble butt bouncing up and down my lap. The naked brunette took her place and let her perfect ass bounce on my dick too. Then two naked girls got down on their hands and knees, lined up side by side, so I could fuck both their tight pussies doggy style from behind. They are both naked, and both their bodies are so sexy to watch. I’m lucky enough to get to fuck a hot chick I meet on the street, but to fuck her and her hot lesbian girlfriend too? That’s hitting the jackpot, man! I can’t wait to cum all over the sluts. They kneel in front of me and open their mouthes waiting for me to fill them up. Their tongues lap at my throbbing cock and their hands massaging my balls as the girls catch my cum as it erupts like a volcano out of my cock.