This gorgeous brunette was walking around in her apartment and decided to fake being sick while her stepbro was in the shower because she really wanted to be touched by him. So, he took her to their room, and while he was looking for medicine, the horny girl stripped all of her clothes and got her naked ass all up in the air so that her brother knew that he was in for good fucking soon enough. He turned around and saw his naked sister exposing him her ass right there on her bed. He stepped closer and looked at her hairless, pink pussy lips and cute little ass. He couldn’t believe it. She was all grown up and she sported an amazing, sexy body. His heart thumped harder and harder as he inched his hands towards her bare beautiful body. She has such a great body. His eyes wandered over her body, her pussy slit, her perfect ass, slim waist, her titties, taking in every inch as to not forget this rare moment in life. The gal spread her legs nicely and laid down on her back, and the dude got a big vibrator down to her pussy, and he teased her with it. The girl could not resist this, however. And she started groping on his fat cock while her pussy was getting teased. He was slightly hesitant, as he didn’t know if he should fuck this girl, but soon enough he would give in, and he’d let her suck his dick. He lays down on the bed, and he spreads his legs a bit, and he lets the sexy naked girl suck on his cock as hard as she can. His slutty stepsister slobbers all over the entire thing, she grips on the shaft nicely, and she lets the dude slap her face with it sometimes too. She takes a deep breath every now and then, and she lets the shaft fill her entire throat up. She grabs the balls every now and then, too, and she licks and sucks on them as well. At once point, she places the shaft a bit to the left, grabs the balls, and she sucks them up entirely. Then, she decided that it was time for her to take some dick up her cunt, so she got on top of him and started riding him in cowgirl and eating the entire dick up her tight wet pussy. The beautiful skinny naked girl bounced harder and harder while he made sure to hold onto her with both of his arms and he let her move her pussy as fast as she wanted to.   The girl screamed out loudly as the large member stroked the insides of her vaginal walls. Her pussy is wet, lips are spread open and clit is popped it’s head out from above. The girl turned around, and her back was now facing her brother, and he fucked her tight wet even harder now as he was the one moving his hips now. He even got a hold of her legs and lifted them up for her and started pounding her tight cunt in full nelson. However, as it is very well known that all men love fucking girls in doggy, her brother decided to turn the girl around and have her lay down on the bed, and then he gripped tightly on her booty and shoved a thumb inside her butt and pounded her hard from the back. He fucks her harder and harder as time passes by and her pussy grips onto his cock while his hips slam against her butt. He eventually let her move her hips again, though. There is nothing better than cumming all over a beautiful face and then having a girl suck your cock clean and this is exactly what happened at the end of this amateur video.