This dad along with his new wife are looking forward to meeting this nice young man that they’ve heard so much about. You know how it goes, that awkward family meal where the daughter brings over her college dropout boyfriend and presents it to her mom and dad. She’s a slut, so it’s expected that she’s all over the guy, making out with him in the table and pretending to drop her fork on the floor so she can go down on him and suck his dick and balls under the table. Her dad is a fucktard, so he has no clue what’s going on, but her stepmom is a smart cookie. She’s been young and she’s been a slut, so she knows the “drop the fork under the table so you can suck your boyfriend’s dick” trick far too well. That is definitely not proper table manners! While her stepdaughter argues with her father, she gets under the table and takes her place, grabbing the boyfriend’s cock and sucking it hard and deep. When she gets caught by both her stepdaughter and her husband, he storms out of the room, but the sluts stay there and decide to make the best of the situation. And here, we have a perfect example of how wild and wicked things get between the stepmom, her stepdaughter and her boyfriend. They are all very into each other, and it does not pass much time before they start sharing the boyfriend’s big hard cock. From then on, the naughty teen girl goes all in, sucking his massive cock while her slutty stepmom takes care of his glorious balls, getting the machete strong and ready for fucking. The hot MILF’s big tits dangle from her bra while she sucks that dick with her stepdaughter and their wet lips and tongues meet in passionate kisses. They sit the young naked girl on the edge of the table and she gets her pussy fucked by her boyfriend while the MILF makes out with her and massages her tight cunt. She eats out her clam and sucks her boyfriend’s cock while they are fucking, then the naked girls both get down on her knees and she deep throats his cock while she’s watching her choke and gag on it, drenching it with her drool.   One thing is for sure, this sexy MILF hasn’t gotten her pussy banged so hard in a while, and she loves it through the roof, bending over while the boyfriend penetrates and fucks her from behind against the table! While he fucks her stepmom, his girlfriend also sucks his dick and balls and gets a taste of her stepmom’s wet cunt on it. The stepmom lies on her back on the table with her legs spread wide open. The boyfriend fucks her in missionary position and her stepdaughter makes out with him while sitting on her face and getting her pussy eaten out by her stepmom. He pounds his cock balls deep in her body, slamming so hard against her wet cunt that their flesh slap loudly. The woman has the strongest orgasm ever! He sits on a chair and his hot naked girlfriend sits on his lap and rides his dick while the stepmom watches them fucking and waits for her turn. The way this slut twerks her pelvis is absolutely amazing! She keeps twerking her ass on his dick like a wanton fuck-slut and her stepmom is wating for her turn.