If you are a smart and responsible guy, life will treat you with success. Our nerdy guy knows this. But he also knows that smart and responsible nerdy guys never get laid, so he allows his classmate, a sexy blonde slut with geeky glasses and pigtails convince him of skipping school with her, taking him back to her house and upstairs to the bedroom. Looking so sexy in her slutty schoolgirl uniform and doing a split on her bed so he can see her cotton panties under her skirt, the little slut asks him if he’s ever had sex before and if he wants to eat her pussy out! “You’ve never seen a pussy before have you?” Our 18 year old virgin who has never even seen a girl nude can’t believe his eyes. The slutty blonde removes her top, exposing him her boobies. Then she sits on his lap, she puts his hands over her soft breasts and puts her skilled cunt to use, rubbing it against his crotch as he grows a boner! She slides down his body, grabbing his big hard cock in her hands, sucking and stroking it. Not only that, she deep throats the nerd’s dick while she strokes his cock so he maintains his erection for longer. The hot teen girl passes her tongue up and down his shaft and pops his balls in her wet mouth, sucking them hard. Little does she know, the next moment, she is already straddled on top of him, pulling her sexy panties aside and spreading her tight pussy lips for his hard cock. She sits down on it, filling herself up with his dick. Of course nerdy guy lied to her when she asked if he had sex before and he said he had, he’s a total virgin and he can’t believe his dick is actually inside a real girl’s pussy! He has never seen a pussy before and now he can feel his first pussy stretching to accommodate his thick shaft and engorged cock head. He is having sex for the first time, his virgin dick is so sensitive, he is ready to ejaculate… The slut gyrates her hips, her young pussy squeezes his dick so tight, and since he has no experience, he busts a nut right in her cunt!!! Oh God, he is in heaven! “Oh, fuck” she groans, as she bobs back and forth retrieving every last speck of his cum. He has blown his load inside of her but his classmate does not care. She continues fucking him in cowgirl position, riding his throbbing shaft in a bunch of different sex positions as cum drips from her pussy lips. What a bad girl!   Sticky creampie keeps oozing down her slit and thighs, dripping all over his cock and balls. With that out of the way and his dick still hard as a rock, he shoves it back inside her spunk filled snatch and keeps fucking her. The sexy young naked girl flips over and continues riding his member in reverse cowgirl before he puts her on her back, spreads her legs wide open and pounds her muff in missionary. He puts her sideways and checks out her sexy bubble shaped ass whole banging her from behind. She finds herself down on all fours like a bitch and taking his dick doggy style from behind, then grabbing it in her hands and sucking all that sticky cum form his cock and balls like a nasty slut. He is about to fulfill a fantasy he has visualised every time he masturbated, cum all over a girl’s cute face. The jizz shoots up and lands down on her glasses, her nose, her mouth, all over her face. The slau wants him to keep fucking her and cumming all over her. He keeps pounding her pussy until there is not cum left. She gets back on top and rides him while they kiss passionately, skipping classes and getting filled with his big dick and his hot cum rocks!