There is something about girls and morning wood. What? Maybe it is the fantasy of being with a big hard cock at the crack of dawn, when it is at its hardest and firmest. But this girl just cannot find the opportunity to be with it. The best solution? Her stepbrother’s morning wood. While this buxom girl can have everyone she wants, she can’t stop feeling curious about her morning woods, particularly her very own stepbrother’s. That said, she sneaks into his bedroom early in the morning and takes a peek under his bed sheets. Sure enough, his morning wood is there, firm as a flag post, full mast, throbbing big and hard. The horny little girl wants to pick it up and ram it deep inside her pussy to exactly show him how much she likes it. But first, she takes it in her hands, jerking it and sucking it. She performs an outstanding blowjob on her step brother that wakes him up and has him hooked and glued to her. With a body like hers and very enticing moves, he cannot help himself but have his mouth wide open as she spreads her legs and places her fingers inside her dripping wet snatch, masturbating for his pleasure. She wants and needs him to see just how wet she is for his morning wood, how bad she needs it indie of her, replacing her fingers. After all, that morning wood must be filled with so much hot cum, and it makes her mouth water just thinking about it being pumped inside her body. With her legs wide open in missionary position, her brother stuffs her tunnel of love with his morning wood. She looked so sexy in her crotchless panties. He’s so turned on by the fact that he’s banging his sister’s bald pussy that he can’t resist cumming after just a few seconds of penetrating her, blowing his creamy load inside of her! He pulls out and watches his own spunk oozing from her slit in the shape of a sticky creampie dripping between her thighs.   The teens are both terribly turned on by this so they continue fucking, feeling the spunk sloshing inside her muff as he plows her. He lies on his back and the sexy skinny naked girl gets on top, pushing his dick inside of her so she can ride him in cowgirl position and soon enough, she feels a second load of hot cum flooding her vaginal funnel and stuffing her up with even more jizz. “Yes, cum in me!” she cried out, “spurt your cum deep inside me!” She lets it drip all over his dick and balls and since it’s early morning, that morning wood isn’t even close to subduing. His balls are filled with hot cum and she wants it all inside of her, getting down on her hands and knees so her stepbrother can nut inside of her once again, this time fucking her tight pussy doggy style from behind. She felt the sticky cum dribble down her legs. Her pussy was sore and hurt like hell. The young naked girl sits on his meat pole in reverse cowgirl, ready to take one creampie after another until he’s dry!