What just happened? I’m sure I have died and somehow gone to heaven… What a gorgeous film with two of the most stunning women of the planet. These two beautiful girlfriends were taking a walk through the forest all alone, and eventually, they decided to sit down and chill for a while, and by “chill” I mean that the girls decided to strip all of their clothes and to start feeling up on each other. Nothing like sex in nature, right? They started feeling up on each other’s titties, and then the got all of their clothes off, and they started making out passionately as they made sure to feel up nicely on each other’s bodies completely. Beautiful and sexy, two of my fave adjectives. The girl on top made sure to squeeze the tits of the girl beneath her and then they decided to switch sides and to do some oral. The girl with the lighter hair got her pussy all up on the face of the girl beneath her, and she licked her tight wet cunt nicely, and the girl on top moved her hips gently to make sure that the girl underneath gets her tongue all the way up in here. Two naked girls lick and finger each other eagerly, pushing their tongues right into their soaked slits. This licking went on for quite some time, but the girls did not sticking to nothing but simple licking for quite some time, as they started fingering each other’s tight wet cunts pretty fast. Eventually, one of the girls lay down and the other girl started fingering her tight wet cunt nicely as she felt up on her gorgeous breasts. Her lesbian girlfriend even started choking her as she was fingering her tight wet pussy, but soon enough she laid down and started licking on her juicy pussy. She grabbed onto the girl’s legs and shoved her pussy onto her face and she started licking it to an overwhelming orgasm. She also made sure to grab the other girl’s tits while she rubbed her tight cunt. She finger-bangs her lesbian girlfriend, making her cum explosively. Naked and sated, the lovers continue their stroll by the lake. 