Me and my friend go way back, and I know his family very well. That being said, I know that he has one of the hottest moms ever and anyone in our university would give anything to spend a night with her. Now, whenever I go to his place, I like to take a good look at her and enjoy the view cause there’s a lot to see with her. First of all, she has these amazing silicone tits that every guy would want to play with. Other than that, she’s got a nice ass and some really smooth skin as well. She also tends to dress in skimpy clothes so the entire experience of her is heightened by this. Well, let’s rewind the tapa a few days back and I go to his place to get some work done and maybe hang out with him for a bit. But here’s the interesting part, the dude goes out instead and now I’m stuck at his place with nobody there except for me and his hot mom. I mean I didn’t really know what was going to happen next, but I wasn’t really hoping for anything. All I wanted was to get a good look at her, and boy did I get that. In fact, I probably got one of the best looks that a guy is ever going to get because what she did is she put on the sexiest outfit that she could find and then the horny MILF started playing with her pussy right in front of me! First, she did it below her panties, but it didn’t take long for her to take those off a well and I couldn’t believe my eyes when I saw her perfect shaved pussy as it was smiling at me and inviting me in. The sexy naked woman stroked herself a bit and fingered herself and I thought I’d try my chances with her. I pulled out my cock and to my surprise, it seemed that she was serious about taking things to the next level, so she got on her knees right in front of me. She started licking up my shaft and then my balls as well. My friend’s mom is seriously skilled at blowjobs by the way. I mean I guessed by the way she looks but now I got to feel it as well because she started sucking me off like the worst type of slut. She was bobbing her head up and down and it wouldn’t take long before I was sitting on the couch and the gorgeous naked woman was on top of me. Oh yeah, we ended up fucking right there and then. She rode me, bending over me, with her pussy stuffed full of my dick, screaming in orgasm. She has a really tight pussy and I really enjoyed fucking her from that position, but I wanted to try out some other positions while I had the chance, so I also fucked her from behind doggy style and she had no choice but to sit there and take it, though I think that’s what she wanted all along.  