Imagine going camping and it’s just you and three horny chicks. Well, that’s what happened to me, though I didn’t know how horny they’d get when I went with them in the first place. I just thought I’d have a good time in the great outdoors and that I’d show them how to start a fire or something. Well, as it turns out the girls are really bad at starting fires cause they tried to rub a really wet stick against a log and of course it didn’t work. So, I went out with one of them to dry it out in the sun, but she noticed the bulge in my pants. Now I have to admit, the chicks are really hot so it’s no wonder that my cock got hard. It’s almost as if my cock felt the potential of fucking all of these chicks and it decided to activate. Anyway, once one of the sluts figured out that my dick was hard and that I didn’t have anything hiding in my pants she was really impressed by the sheer size of it. She was so impressed in fact that she went straight down to her knees and started tasting it. First, she gave it a small lick and then the horny teen girl decided to make things a bit more interesting by sucking me off. And of course, the other two girls noticed that we were away for a while, so they decided to come and check on us and caught us red-handed. She tried pulling a stupid excuse that she tripped but the girls all knew what was going on here. The other two friends saw my cock and were impressed by it as well. I guess that they just love my dick, what can I say. Anyway, after that happened we all went back to the tent as the girls decided to share my cock. Now, I had no problem with that whatsoever, so I let them do whatever they wanted to me and I was just happy to be getting some action with chicks who are that hot like them.   I got all of them on their knees in front of me and they started to tease me and suck on my cock. First the middle one sucked on it while the other two licked my shaft and balls, and then the left girl started sucking, and finally, the right girl with the gorgeous blue eyes started sucking me off. It was a real treat, no doubt about it, but the real fun was about to begin. I finally got most of them fully naked and it was time to start fucking them. I fucked each and every one of the sluts, but I really liked fucking the petite one the most, so I decided to stick with her for a while. I fucked them doggy style, reverse cowgirl and every other position that I could think of at that time. At the end I shot a flare of cum all over their eager faces and watched them kiss passionately, my cum all over their lips. It was really one of the best experiences that I’ve ever had in my entire life.