I knew full well that my friend’s sister was a complete sex freak. Once I went to his place and to be honest I knew he was not home and his sister was. I wanted to hang out with her but what I saw exceeded all my expectations! I walked into the living room and I couldn’t believe my eyes, his naked sister was masturbating on the couch. She was lying with her legs wide apart and was slapping her pussy with one hand and rubbing her nipples with the other. Now, there I was looking at the most beautiful pussy I had ever seen. Her pussy lips were so fat, they had her vagina entrance completely surrounded. Then she took heart shaped anal plug and with one move she put it in her asshole! I could almost hear her screaming from pleasure! She pulled out the sex toy and put it back into her ass, stretching her tight anus every time. I had never seen anything like that. Not even in porn. My friend’s naked sister literally fucked her ass with it. It was too much for me! She noticed me standing there and she just smiled. She knew what I was there for and she knew what I wanted so it was pretty easy to figure something out between us. “You want to play with my ass and make me cum?” She gace me the dildo and told me push it in her ass! A gorgeous anal probe made of a few spheres. I pushed it in her asshole and she kept masturbating her clit! She got on her knees with her cute little ass right in my face. I could see her anus was stretched by the anal dildo in her, she moved her hand between her legs and eased the plug from her tight arse. Then she told me to lick her ass! I grabbed her little ass, spread her ass cheeks and my tongue slowly circled her anus. She flinched at the contact. I shoved my tongue into her asshole, fucking her with my tongue! I had never done that before and it was amazing, so nasty and hot. “I want to suck your cock! I want to be your cocksucker!” She pulled out my hard cock and guided it into her sweet mouth. Her lips and tongue felt amazing and just when I didn’t think it could get any better I felt her fingers playing with my balls. The tiny girl lay down on a chair, I moved quickly to her and pressed my cock up against the lips of her pussy. “Please, please fuck me” she begged, looking up at me with her big, wide eyes. It was a beautiful sight to see her tight pussy lips parted and the head of my cock slid in there. It felt so good to have my cock in her tight cunt.   She looked up at me with a sexy smile. I started fucking her hard and fast. She wrapped her legs around my back meeting my thrusts. She felt so full and so stretched. Smiling, I began fucking her perfect, little cunt even harder and faster. Her body began to shake as an orgasm ripped through her. She wanted to do something a lot more extreme. “Oh please put it in my ass!!!” Her pussy was so tight since she was so petite, but her ass… Oh man, her ass was a completely new level of tightness. You’ve probably never ever fucked a girl as tight as her before and that means her ass especially. I went straight for that little asshole. No mercy and no holding back. I shoved it inside and fucked her anally like a complete savage. The sensation of pushing my cock in her ass was so wonderful. I pulled my cock out of her ass until I could feel the clamping tightness of the band of sphincter muscles. Then I slammed it balls deep into her ass again and kept fucking her. “Oh yes, pound my asshole,” she moaned. Then the horny little girl got on top of me, my dick disappeared between her ass cheeks and she began riding my anally, having one orgasm after another. I probably fucked her in every position and it was all anal. I couldn’t last anymore! I came with a scream, in her ass! I unloaded a massive amount of cum in her little ass and watched an anal creampie leaking out of her ass.