Lesbian teen has a new obsession. Since she met her step-mom a few months ago, she only dreams about making love with her. The young teen girl struggles a lot and masturbates all the time, wishing to feel her tongue on her wet pussy as they cum together. Today is no different – she is lying on her bed half naked, playing with her teen pussy, rubbing her wet lips and her little clit, imagining her hot naked step-mom going down on her. Lucky for her, the MILF figures what is going on a long time ago. Her new husband sleeps in the bedroom, she’ll use the opportunity to surprise her stepdaughter. She sneaks into the room, catching her step daughter wide awake and with her hands down her pajama pants! Beautiful blonde MILF quickly strips down and shows her massive melons before diving in the teen’s pussy. She starts licking her young pussy and sucking her perky tits. Like a step-mother who needs to be a positive influence on young people, she teaches her step-daughter how to play with nipples next time she is in bed with her or any other girl. The teen girl is a quick learner, so she sucks her mom’s huge melons as her tight pussy becomes dripping wet. She knows how to thank her lesbian step-mom, so she dives deep in her pussy making her moan. She had so many lesbian experiences but having such a tiny girl playing with her snatch is something special. Now the naked girls want to try something else and cum at the same time. As the step daughter is on the floor, her lesbian step mother is on top of her as she starts rubbing her cunt against her pussy. Their clits are touching, their moist pussy lips are kissing, the two pussies are rubbing labia to labia. It’s the best feeling in the world fucking her step-daughter as it seems that she has no limits. The busty mom keeps eating her out, licking her tits, ass, pussy and even rubs her nipple against her pussy, fondling her clit. This is the lesbian sex the little slut desired, but can they keep their moans of pleasure quiet without waking up her father? As the girls cum again unable to move any more, they know they will do this again! 