I love St Valentine’s because my babe feels incredibly horny whenever we meet on that special day! She always surprises me with some sexy lingerie and a romantic atmosphere in our apartment! This year she wore something I was not expecting, but I knew that underneath that costume my honey has a mind-blowing body! My girlfriend decided to wear a Teddy Bear costume instead of giving me one small toy as a present. Our bed was covered in red rose petals, and there was a little box of chocolate. My darling was teasing me with her ass and her costume tail. I grabbed the scissors, and I cut that tale. I made a big hole on that costume exposing her sweet round apple-shaped booty and her shaved juicy vagina. My lovely angel pulled out my cock out of my pants, and she started sucking it and jerking it to give me a hard-on. My dick was up in a second, but she continued with the fellatio! Never before did she swallow my cock so deep like this time! After the blowjob my horny girlfriend climbed my stiff joystick. I thought she wanted to ride me but she grabbed my dick and placed the head of my cock at the entrance of her asshole! I couldn’t believe, my girlfriend wanted me to fuck her ass! She slowly lowered herself down onto my dick, inch by inch, and the thick cock head squeezed into her tight asshole. I had never had a anal sex before and the feeling was amazing, her ass was so tight. As she got used to his large shaft in her ass he started to ride it like crazy! She jumped up and down making her small tits bounce like ping-pongs! I rolled her over, and I drilled her love hole while she squeezed her breasts! My sweetheart started rubbing her clit while I was pounding her pussy. She had a little orgasm, so again I turned her around and started fucking her doggy style! I could see that she wnated my dick in her ass again like never before! “Do you want me to fuck your hot ass? I can see that your ass is waiting to be fucked.” My babe wished to ride me again but this time reverse cowgirls style. Her asshole was stretched wide. Her orgasm surged within her as I fucked her ass harder and faster. My luscious darling screwed like a wild animal so I couldn’t take it anymore! I had to cum, so I ejaculated in her ass and all over her smooth ass cheeks! 