I was looking all over for my VR headset to play the latest video game, but I couldn’t find it anywhere! My college roommate Chloe most likely went through my things once again, which really annoyed me. My friends warned me about living with a girl, but now I was starting to see how much of a pain in the ass Chloe was. That is, until I heard her moaning from down the hall! I peeked into her room where I was shocked to find her half naked, wearing my headset and watching fucking porn! She was looking smokin’ hot wearing just a hoodie and over-the-knee socks! My slutty roommate was rubbing her little love spot, so I decided to take out my dick and approach. She was masturbating right in front of me and I saw this as a great opportunity to slip my cock between her dripping wet pussy lips! Damn, she looked TIGHT! She grabbed my pulsating Johnson and touched it a little bit, but then she got back to rubbing her sweet wet vagina! I moved closer, and I kissed her pussy with my big throbbing sausage! Cutie could feel that something is inside her, so she took off the VR headset. She was surprised to see me, but she didn’t want to stop fucking. I was pounding her little cunt while she was lying on the bed. After some hard drilling, my roommate told me to sit back and relax, so she grabbed my boner to give me a blowjob. The tiny girl was holding my dick with both of her hands while sucking it deep and hard. She was drowning in big fat boner! When she made my love muscle as solid as a rock, she was ready for another round of pounding! She set on my cum gun and started moving up and down. I enjoyed watching how her perfect little breasts were bouncing while I was invading her Kitty. I rubbed her clit while she was humping my dick, so she rolled over her eyes and screamed. I could tell that she was having an intense orgasm, but this only made her feel even hornier!   I touched her tits, and I turned her around. She had the best booty in the world, and I almost nutted when I saw her bouncing and screwing. I was banging her doggy style while squeezing and slapping her delicious ass. I smashed her juicy cunt so hard that I was about to explode, so I needed to rest, but not her. The moment I laid down the cock craving slut sat on my manhood. I couldn’t resist that feeling that I have when my dick penetrates her warm love tunnel, so we continued fucking. The lustful blonde angel was spreading her butt cheeks while I was smashing her twat. I spanked her little ass so hard and red hand marks on her butt looked great. She said that those marks remind her of how good the sex was. The young naked girl was moving up and down, left and right. She was shaking her round tooshie like a Pro. I had the best view of her twerking her booty while screwing my tool. I wanted to cum on her tight ass, so I turned her around and fucked her like a wild dog! I gave her another round of multiple orgasms, and then my Johnson was done! I spilled my dick milk all over my her delicious booty.