Innocent looking babe is spending her evening in the city, it’s her first date with this guy and when she is behind closed doors she is ready for action. Wearing the sexiest tight denims and top outfit ever, this sexy slut begins throwing down a tease show right away for her new lover. She knows how to use her body to her benefit to seduce him and get her way. She walks sensually towards him and drops to her hands and knees, crawling between his legs with the dirtiest look on her beautiful face. His dick and balls are the only thing showing through his spandex outfit and his cock if fully erect and rock hard as she slides her tongue all the way to the tip and begins sucking on it like a filthy whore. She pops his balls in her wet mouth and polishes them with her saliva, sucking so hard on them. The teen slut jerks his dick with one hand, massaging his balls with the other and sucking them all at the same time, slobbering them, all with her drool. She pops her tits over her top and rubs that saliva and pre cum drenched cock on them and all over her nipples. Her milky boobs are as perfect as her ass is and as she turns over and slides her denims down, exposing her butt, you can see she’s got a butt plug stuck in her asshole as she backs up against his cock and pushes it deep inside her tight cunt. Slowly and seductively, she backs up against it, getting fucked hard from behind. He flips her over, placing her on her back and she spreads her legs while that huge cock savagely fucks her in missionary position. First, he fucks her pussy and makes her squirt, before ramming his cock into her asshole and anal banging her while she keeps on fucking her cunt with her fingers. Her pussy and asshole are on fire as his big cock reaches sensitive areas in her body. He loves watching his big cock slide out of her shapely ass and then plunge back in, stretching her as much as he can. Her cunt keeps squirting with each thrust. His hips slap against her ass cheeks causing them to jiggle with each thrust. Watch her anus getting destroyed in the kinkiest positions! 