This sexy babe was kidnapped while leaving her house but was surprised to find out that her captor was not as bad as she thought. You know it, Stockholm Syndrome, when kidnappers fall in love with their captors. He turned out to be a pretty nice guy and she was glad to have a little excitement in her life. He berated her husband and demanded a ransom, turning her on. The sexy babe decided to offer a little reward of her own. She decided to suck on his cock, and this was exactly what happened, which was nice for the burglar indeed. She began giving him a sloppy wet blowjob. She was tied up, on her knees and all that and she sucked the dude’s cock nicely. However, the dude soon got the gal on the bed, and he tied her up again, and he started fucking her tight little pussy in the missionary position. Such a beautie! She has the most beautiful body ever and it seemed that his huge cock did wonders for this wonderful woman. She could not be satisfied, and at this point, it was certain that she did not wish to run away, so she allowed the dude to keep fucking her even harder, but she decided to put her booty a bit higher in the air as she got pounded. Then, the gorgeous naked girl got on her knees once more, but this time she was sucking the dudes cock willingly, which was extremely slutty for her, but she did not seem to care. Her head bobbed backward and forwards as she sucked dick and she stroked the dick as she sucked up on it, but soon enough it was time for the dude to pin the girl down and to claim her tight wet love hole once more. She got her gorgeous ass up in the air, and her face was pinned down on the bed, too. The guy started fucking her tight wet cunt with his cock hard, and the girl was astonished by his speed and the intensity of the thrusts. She was shaking from all of the powerful thrusts the burglar was delivering, and now it became obvious that this horny motherfucking was indeed here for the sex. Her flawless body was ripping through orgasm after orgasm.   After a bit of pounding the girl decided that it was time to switch positions, so now they decided to move on to some reverse cowgirl fucking. The guy started fucking the sexy babe hard as fuck, and she came again pretty quickly after only a few thrusts, which was amazing. Then, the girl moved onto the regular cowgirl position and started moving her hips on her own as the dude was balls deep inside of her. This felt amazing for her, and she moaned a whole lot, which was not surprising because the cock was super girthy. He wrapped his arms around the gal and started pounding her as fast as he possibly could before grabbing her ass and getting some well-deserved rest. Then, it was time for some reverse cowgirl once more, and the dude did not hold back this time, seeing as his hips simply went insane and he even rubbed the girl’s clit while he fucked her, and she seemed to enjoy this a whole lot. The babe moved her feet in such a way that she caressed the dude’s balls with them, which was weird.