They started living together, and things have been great so far. They have a roomy house on the sunny side of the street, but the best thing is they are finally alone. That means they fuck in every room in their home as they already did. They’ve tried it in the kitchen, dining room and anywhere else and after today’s steamy session on the couch, it’s time to hit the showers. But they are still horny! His beautiful naked girlfriend is teasing him in the bathroom, playing with her big tits and showing him his ass and cute pussy lips. “If you keep doing this, we’re gonna have a round two,” he says, which is only a signal for her to continue. Even though most girls don’t like to masturbate in front of a guy, she is different. It’s so sexy when a woman enjoys her body, especially when her breasts are full. When they met, she told him that she is very liberal when it comes to sex, and she wasn’t kidding! She always begs him to fuck her whenever he can, and now she wants it again, even though they did it only a few minutes ago!  As she is coming for him, she squirts like crazy, practically begging him to fill her holes. And so it begins. She takes his throbbing dick between her big natural tits with a smile on her face before it enters her mouth. She starts things slowly, but soon enough the rhythm gets faster. His hot girlfriend even licks his balls, as she adores every part of his manhood. It’s essential for him to return the favor, so she lies down on the bathroom floor while he plays with her pussy using only a tongue. Her juices are already flowing again as she is ready to take his shaft, but he still likes to taste her and hear her moaning as she prepares for what’s to come. She is not changing her position as he inserts his manhood in her wet snatch. She might look like cute, but she is a real slut as she loves intense pounding – the harder, the better.   She is tight, but that’s not a problem to receive his wand balls deep. He never asked much about her past, but it’s apparent she already had lots of experience before they’ve met. He never judged her for that, as the things she can do to please him are out of this world. She even likes it rough, as his hands go around her neck. That is her way of saying that she loves to feel like a cheap whore, like a sex toy he can use as he pleases. She trusts him anyway, as whatever happens, she always has a smile on her face. He keeps pounding balls deep into her cant, right there on the bathroom floor, her big tits are swaying back and forth with each thrust. He holds the camera giving us a good POV of her sexy body. He can’t help grabbing her amazing breasts with both hands and pinche her nipples. She gives out little moans each time he rams his rock hard cock deep into her vagina. As they move to the living room, the young busty naked girl starts riding, while her melons are going up and down which only makes him fuck her harder. The amount of cum he sprays on her tight body is the best proof of his unconditional love.