This petite girl can’t clear her mind of the dirty thoughts she’s had about her mother’s new boyfriend. She wakens from a wet dream, her pussy is so wet that she is completely soiling the bed sheets. Her little panties are cum soaked too. It looks like she had an orgasm in her sleep. That wet panties is hot as fuck. The horny blonde cutie goes to shower, she tries to cleanse her filthy fantasies in the shower, but that only makes things worse. Being fully naked in the shower, feeling the warm water pour down her body, caress her tiny titties and her pussy she can’t help masturbating. She rubs her pussy while thoughts of being fucked by the older man run wild in her head. When he accidentally walks in on the young naked girl in the shower, she sees his dick and realizes this encounter is meant to happen! Thinking about all the things she can do to him and his big cock gets her pussy even wetter than it already is so she starts playing with her pussy in front of him. The man apologizes for ending up in front of her while she is taking a shower, but the girl obviously doesn’t mind. She wants to fuck her mom’s boyfriend as hard as possible, and she is convinced the dude had a huge cock, and man oh man, is she right. The huge cock starts filling her throat up, and she makes all these weird sounds while she is sucking. She even strokes the cock as she is sucking it, and she looks at the man directly into the eye before taking the cock directly inside of her pink little pussy. Looks like the small naked girl gets fucking split in half by his big dick. Watch more slim girls by the link above! She decides to do some standing doggy style fucking, which feels amazing, taking into consideration that the dude’s cock is just the right size for this kind of thing. The small girl screams and moans the entire time as she’s getting her pussy pounded and the man even forces her to go on all fours as he fills her pussy up in the shower with his glorious cock. She holds onto her cute butt and decides that her cheeks should be a bit more spread as she is getting filled up by the dude’s thick meat. She moans louder and louder and looks her man straight into the eye whenever she can, making sure that he enjoys her teen pussy. Her screaming gets even louder as the cock fills her deeper and as the man squeezes onto her hips. 