Since entering puberty, Gina is always acting like a bad girl, making trouble all the time. That’s why her parents hired a professional mediator, hoping she will talk some sense into their daughter. The teenage girl usually locks herself in her room, plays the loud music and fucks her pussy with a dildo, wishing she was gangbanged. She is a real nympho obsessed with her sexual desires and doesn’t care about anything else. The professional mediator has a tough task ahead of her, as the usual methods don’t seem to work out. The teen girl doesn’t care about her warning that she will be thrown out if she continues acting this way. So, now it’s time to try something else. The woman decides to play her game, as she saw that young brunette is not wearing any panties. She starts by spanking her perfectly round ass cheeks and in seconds, Gina turns from a wild animal into a pussy cat, willing to obey her commands. Now the woman strips down to reveal her tattooed body, including these massive tits. But now, the focus is on her strapon as she is ready to fuck the girl with it! There are no limits for the bad girl, and she can feel that! That’s why she wanted to surprise her by skipping her pussy and shoving fake dick inside her tight asshole! Young slut is screaming, but she won’t back away, as strapon dick is going deep in her butt!!! She was always a submissive slut, but this is the best experience she ever had. Fucking at her home, with her parents only a few feet away, Gina feels horny. The constant thinking about being caught turns her into a real nympho. She doesn’t care about anything no more; she wants to be used as a sex toy, and would never say no. She already lost count how many times she came as her mediator keeps nailing her butthole without much mercy. Love the scene, a crazy lesbian with a strap-on doing anal super hot.   Ass to mouth action? No problem! The teen girl is tasting her asshole while masturbating at the same time before a giant pink dildo sodomizes her. It seems like the young girl has no problem deepthroating the dildo, and even when she struggles, she wants to continue and prove what kind of slut she is. At the same time, the crazy lesbian is showing her what kind of slut she is, deepthroating the other end of the dildo. Now the girls both have it in their assholes before blonde lesbian teaches her student how to give a proper blowjob. The blonde lesbian is the one to finally lose control as she squirts all over the bed while Gina is sucking her pussy. Her pussy is so puffy and she keeps squirting and pissing all over the girl. The girls are both losing their minds as they finally fuck each other’s pussies. Pussy to pussy sexfight where the naked girls scissor their legs and grind together is absolutely amazing! The crazy lesbian slut is the first person who knows how to manage teen as her strapon again seems to be doing a fantastic job keeping her well-behaved, at least when they are fucking. Gina will be a good girl now who won’t be asking for trouble, and the horny lesbian will continue visiting her. This was just the first of many lessons!