It all starts when this boyfriend finds out that his girlfriend is a stripper in a strip club. He couldn’t believe it and he confronted her in the alleyway. He started throwing the slut against the wall and getting angry with her when her boss came along and saved her from him. The bitch has to repay the dude somehow, so she ended up performing a little lap dance for him. The lap dance ended up becoming a fuck session though as the dancer stripped off a little bit more than she expected to. While she is dancing for him, he plays with her beautiful round breasts and rubs her wet pussy. Sexy brunette got completely naked and she stroked against his lap until he got hard and that’s when he couldn’t take it anymore. He is on his knees as he fingers her pussy and licks it, preparing it for wild fucking. Her hands are already on his pulsating cock that is getting bigger every second. There is no need for a blowjob, so he sticks it deep in her snatch while she sits on the table. She needs it hard, so he shows no mercy, nailing her balls deep as she plays with her cunt while moaning like crazy. This is something different for her, as fucking her boss is the thing she has never done before. Now it’s time for her to demonstrate her cock sucking skills. She is a player, so she takes it slow, tasting just the tip of it for now, before it goes back in her meat hole. This time she is on top of him, as he tries to fit his whole dick inside of her. She encourages him to do so, as she is more than able to take it well. Even though her boyfriend was jealous, she never cheated on him. But since they are done now, she feels so liberated. The only problem is that the dude is married but that’s not something that he wanted to think about right there. He just wanted to fuck her balls deep and cull over her gorgeous body, spraying cum on her face and tits. Things got complicated as his blonde wife saw everything while his load was covering hot brunette. She couldn’t stand him for a while now, and this was the last drop. She plans to seduce a fellow gangster, and together with him murder her husband, take his money and his stripping business. The way she made his loyal worker collude against his boss is with her body. She has some of the most amazing tits that you’ll ever see, and her amazing blonde hair and sweet ass would make any dude give anything to fuck her. What she wanted right then was for him to kill her husband and she ended up seducing him into saying yes. She kissed him and then stripped down and showed him her pussy. British bloke had no choice but to fuck the hot blonde bombshell. It’s not every day that a hot bitch such as her strips for you and lets you fuck her. He knew that it wasn’t right that he was fucking his boss’s wife, but he couldn’t think about that at the moment. He got his cock sucked and then he fucked her as well.   Nasty blonde is only encouraging him to destroy her tight pussy until he can’t take it anymore and comes in her mouth and all over her pretty face. By the time they were done, and he came, he decided to change his mind. After all, all dudes are able to think clearly once they cum. He decided not to do it but she pulled out a gun and threatened him with it. But that’s just the beginning! Things are starting to get interesting now. The wife took it to the stage in order to make some quick cash. Her stripping skills are second to none and the moment she hit the stage, dudes just started throwing money at her. It seems now that she is very friendly with a brunette as the girls dance naked. The boss made them all leave so that it was only him and his crazy bitches. He decided to have the girls both to himself and so the two whores started sucking him off right there from the stripper stage while lying face down on it. The man can’t resist the blonde’s silicone tits and her fat ass as he fucks her deep. As the blonde has her pussy impaled, she licks her brunette friend’s wet pussy and slaps her massive ass. Now the roles are reversed as the brunette is the one taking the pounding. But the busty blonde is here for another purpose – as she distracts the guy and brunette, the gangster arrives with coming to kill him!