I work for this cool IT company, but the only downside was that I sit a lot, so my back and my neck and my whole fucking body were in pain, but not anymore! A few weeks ago my colleague told me that he has an exceptional therapist who will make all my stress and pain go away! He got my attention, so I asked for the name and number. I had my first appointment exactly a week ago, and it was mind-blowing! I feel so alive, and my next meeting is tomorrow, but the first time I visited this divine lady was something that rocked my world! I called her, and she gave me the address. When I arrived, she told me to take off my clothes. She was a young babe with amazing all natural big boobs and a bubble butt. Her body was heavenly. I laid down on the massage table. My new masseuse was looking smokin’ hot wearing just a pale pink bikini and camouflage miniskirt. I will never forget that cumstarving look that she gave me while she was rubbing oil on my naked body. I was all slippery and wet, and suddenly she turned around and flashed her delicious round booty at me! The hot babe climbed on that table while massaging me! I didn’t expect all of that, but I just went with the flow. She was on top of me while teasing me with her huge boobs and her perfect butt! My sexy masseuse took off her bikini and squeezed my throbbing Johnson with her gigantic hooters. The naked babe gave me one crazy round of tittyfuck before she kneeled to suck my pulsating boner. Slutty babe was spitting all over my sausage! I grabbed her head and made her drown in my one-eyed snake. Horny chick was sucking and licking my balls while beating my meat and it seemed like she would do anything to get my love liquor! I needed to taste her, so I told her to turn around. I started licking that juicy shaved cunt while squeezing her beautiful booty.   Her pretty anus was right before my eyes when we were in 69 on the massage table. I was ready to get in! She was lying on that massage table bouncing her huge bazookas while I was invading her hairy cum dumpster. The bitchy masseuse was holding on for that table, and I could tell that she was about to lose her mind. I drilled her so hard that she started squirting like a fountain all over the place. Horny bitch was flipping her clit while I was screwing her sweet, warm love hole. It was time for her to go up and show me all of her magic. The moment she sat on my dick she rolled her eyes back, and I could tell that she was feeling so good. I always get turned on when I see that a chick enjoys fucking so much! That naughty masseuse was humping my joystick while her enormous breasts were bouncing up and down. It was hard to know where to focus… her beautiful facial expressions as she was riding me, those stunning tits bouncing up and down with each stroke, or her silky bush crowning those gorgeous meaty cunt lips engulfing my cock. Watching her fuck like a wild animal was a real feast for the eyes! After pounding this incredible seductive babe for two hours my time was out, so I had to finish. I spilled my choad nectar all over her pretty face.