When this dude took his girlfriend over to his parent’s house, he was hoping to get lucky with her seeing as how the girl is a real nympho. He wasn’t counting on his mom making moves on her that’s for sure. The first thing the teens did when they were together is watch a show with the parents sitting on the other couch. They were covered with a blanket, so they decided to have some fun. His girlfriend started jacking him off and eventually, she went down on him and started sucking his cock. The mom immediately noticed this and informed the father. He said that it was time for everyone to go to bed. The girlfriend got a separate room so that there was no funny business with those two. No sex till marriage is the name of the game in this household, apparently. Of course, this didn’t stop the girlfriend from sneaking over to his room when they all went to sleep. The little slut got in and started sucking his cock and he was really hoping to get lucky with her. He was getting ready to have the fuck session of his lifetime. His hot college girlfriend was one of the best bitches that he could ever have hoped for when he was thinking of the hottest bitch that he could possibly fuck. Meanwhile, the horny MILF noticed that she wasn’t in her room and she started peeping in his room to see what they were up to. She saw that his girlfriend was sucking him off and she got really horny from that. She started playing with her pussy and groping her tits right there outside his room. She just couldn’t take it anymore, she wanted to steal that bad bitch from her son and take her to her room. She did exactly that as she stormed the room and asked what they were doing. The dude had no choice but to concede and the mom took the girl outside to the hallway. It was right there that she went down on her and started sucking on her pussy. The girlfriend couldn’t believe that she was doing that but decided that she was really horny, so she was ready for pretty much anything, even lesbian sex with her boyfriend’s mom. They went to her room and that’s where the real fun began. The naked girls had one of the hottest lesbian fuck sessions imaginable with everything from pussy licking and rim jobs, all the way to scissoring and pussy rubbing. Their clits were being played with, tits were being groped and squeezed. It was a real paradise for both of them, and one that they didn’t expect would happen tonight. The girlfriend was thrilled that she ended up doing it with a chick for the first time and she wanted more. The girls ended up scissoring so hard that they climaxed at the same time and came together like a real lesbian couple. 