Everyone loves smart girls, and girls today apparently really like smart boys as well. These two researchers with strong British accents decided that they should try out these potions, and the man went in first. After trying it out, he found out that the potion made him extremely horny. Dr. Cathy saw that massive erection and just couldn’t resist it! She whipped his cock out, placed it on the her chest, and started rubbing it between her titties as she stared at him directly in the eye. Soon enough it would be time for some cock sucking, as the woman’s titties apparently were not entertaining enough. She gives wonderful blow jobs! What a wonderful slut! One of the best cocksuckers! He made sure to shove the cock as deep as possible inside of the woman’s throat, and she moaned as she was getting filled up by the dude, too. She made all kinds of weird noises, but this was all because she was super pleasured by his strokes that were filling her throat. He decided that he should fuck his colleague with the large titties, because that’s what a real scientist would do, right? The girl was soon bent over, and the dude started pounding her from the back while gripping onto her titties, and it was quite obvious that the woman was struggling with his girthy cock. It brushed against the walls of her pussy as he was groping her butt, and she loved every second of it, even though quite a bit of pain was involved, as well, due to the size of his member. Then, the cock was inserted into her butthole, and it was tight as fuck, but she endured the pain for her man. She was moaning loud as hell as she was getting filled up by the dude’s strokes. He was holding onto her neck as he was fucking her, too. She is drop-dead gorgeous with her HUGE FAKE BOOBS, her PERFECT BUTT, her marvelous body, her adorable face and her lovely eyes. She cried, as he made the switch from one hole to the other, pounding her ass and cunt with his giant dick. Then better, the doctor told her intern to take rubber gloves and fist her cunt and her ass! Dont miss anal fisting scene! 