It was just an ordinary day at the supermarket where this amazing babe shops. She wasn’t wearing any panties as usual as she feels more comfortable that way. Usually, this isn’t a problem since nobody looks up her dress, but today she was feeling really horny, so the risk was really high. In fact, it was so high that when she went past the produce section, she couldn’t help but notice this insanely big cucumber just sitting there and begging her to put it inside of her. The MILF was feeling really aroused so she couldn’t help herself and she took that cucumber and shoved it up her pussy really hard. She took her tits out and made sure nobody was looking as she started masturbating with the cucumber. She was shoving the thing in and out of her pussy and enjoying herself a lot. Things seemed to have been going well since nobody has seen her so far and she started groping her own tits as well. But, of course, you can’t expect to be doing this at the supermarket without getting caught, and this clever dude doing his groceries today actually found a hole to the other aisle where he had a clear view of what she was doing! The sexy Latina MILF was going to fuck her ass with some phallic veggies right there in aisle four! The teen boy just stood there and watched her, not believing his own eyes! He had never seen a naked woman before, moreover fucking her cunt and ass and his teenage penis got hard in a few seconds. Of course he was too shy to approach her, so he enjoyed watching her from afar. However, the woman felt someone watching her and eventually she found out that it was that guy. When she caught this young pervert spying on her, she decided to have her way with his young cock and balls! The dude tried running away, but she came out of nowhere from the other aisle and started shoving his face in her tits and cleavage. You can’t hide from a cock craving MILF when she is hot and wants some cock! He thought he was in for a really bad time but instead, he felt like the luckiest man alive right there since the chicks had a pair of amazing tits on her. The horny woman then forced the youngster down on his knees and made him lick her pussy!   She literally fucked his face with her cunt, rubbing it all over his face and making him eat her out. He did so without saying a word as he knew that he will get a lot more out of her later. And it was so, after she was done with the cunnilingus session, the woman went down in a squat and decided to go to town on his cock. She actually couldn’t believe how big his young cock was, and it was already hard from all the foreplay it endured. This busty babe gave him one of the sloppiest blowjobs ever seen before. She was sucking on it like a pro but eventually, she wanted something more as well. She wanted him to fuck her and so he did, in multiple positions. It was a miracle that nobody else saw them fucking in the middle of the store. She told the kid that she wanted him to fuck her ass while she fucked her cunt with a big cucumber! Public anal at the grocery store, awesome! He fucked her while standing with her leg high up in the air, then they fucked on the floor with her riding him like a real cowgirl and he felt like he has never had better sex in his entire life. He enjoyed himself to the max and the naked woman kept riding him really hard. She got that pussy and ass of hers pounded all over the store! What grocery store did this happen in? I want to shop there! Next time you go shopping, be sure to keep an eye out for any horny grocery store MILFs who might be looking for some dick!