Everyone knows that you can get some of the best massages from Asian chicks. In fact, there are entire parlors which dedicate themselves to giving some of the best massages imaginable. Those massages are expensive on their own, however, if you couple them with a happy ending the price drastically goes up. This dude knows that, but he still needs some relaxation after a really stressful day. He decides that a massage at an Asian masseuse is what he needs, and he isn’t asking for how much he needs to pay to get one. This masseuse seems really eager to take him in and he lies on his stomach facing down. The naked masseuse oils him up and starts massaging away. But it doesn’t take a long time before even she gets horny because of how the dude is built. She is nothing to scoff at either with her amazing body and really thin physique with really nice tits. For an Asian girl, she’s got a pair of really nice titties. The masseuse started massaging his back and his buttocks with her tits, rubbing them all over his body. Then it’s time to massage his chest, his groin, without forgetting about his penis and his scrotum. The naked Asian masseuse took it and started massaging till it was hard and throbbing. Nuru massage continued with the masseuse taking it in her mouth and sucking it good. They started off soft with her fucking his cock. It didn’t take a long time after that and it was time for him to make things a bit harder on her. He took her on the massage table and started fucking her face while holding her hair back. The naked babe took his cock deep down her throat and she didn’t even know how big it was until it was going so far down her throat that she felt like she was gagging in a few instances. She knew that she had to endure through and so she kept taking it. Not long after that, the masseuse decided that it was time for some proper fucking, so she spread her legs and he started going to town on her.   He fucked her so hard that you would think she would be worried about how she’s going to be able to stand for the next massage session. She didn’t care about that right then though and so he kept going and she kept enjoying every second. The naked babe bent over and let him fuck her from behind as well. He was slamming so hard and fast, so deeply, that her toes were curling. They did it in pretty much every position and he even fucked her while standing and while lying down as she rode him like a little cowgirl. Now that’s a curious combination of an Asian chick and a cowgirl. She definitely pulled it off with her skills and she got one of the biggest cum load in her pussy. She felt the pressure of her eminent orgasm, she felt the cock swell and explode, depositing it’s load of hot jism deep inside of her vagina. She was so filled, cum was spilling outside her. What a wonderful creampie! Nothin’ finer, then a beautiful toned woman getting a creampie in the vagina! It was not the end of the massage/fuck session so the naked babe got on top of him and lowered my sore pussy down onto his cock. Cum was splashing out with each thrust as she kept riding her client on the massage table.