Riley is an investigative reporter, and today, her task is to visit Brazzibots factory. It seems this is an excellent opportunity for her as she meets the doctor who will guide you through the Brazzibots factory. While he excuses himself, her snoopy nature only gets her into trouble, as she stumbles upon a mysterious hidden laboratory and discovers that the doctor is a mad scientist who creates gorgeous female bots. As he catches the investigative reporter, she knows there is just one way out of this situation. Now it’s the right time for her to lose control and turn into a full-time slut. As she drops his pants, the massive cock is a relief for her, as she knows that he is into her. She starts licking it slowly, but soon after she is displaying her deepthroating skills, trying to fit it all in her mouth. It’s not an easy task, but she is not a girl who gives up so quickly. Doc is now fucking her throat before he starts licking her tiny asshole. How did he know that she loves anal sex? Once he starts sodomizing her, she doesn’t care about anything no more. His enormous rod is destroying her butthole and the sexy naked girl is only encouraging him to go even deep. It’s a sight to be seen as her starts nailing her ass brutally as she plays with her unshaven pussy, coming time after time. I cannot get enough of this crazy slut, especially when she’s performing anal. She could do this the whole day, and the doc sure is in a good form. She rides him with passion until he finally needs to cum on her face. I especially enjoy watching this sexy babe get her cute little ass fucked hardcore when she is kneeling on the chair. I love the post-coitus view of her reaching over to get her phone. My God was she ever beautiful, with a perfect just fucked-over ass, erect nipples, and cum dangling from her chin. 10 times better than any netflix series. Excellent storyline for series, and great scene, Riley is so hot and sexy. Her scenes ooze with sensuality! Can’t wait for the follow on parts to this series! 