This is my busty Latina girlfriend who will do anything to give me a good fuck session and she’s always trying out new things so that she can pleasure me to the next level. This time she thought of this crazy idea to fuck me while we’re riding on a jet ski. This was crazy for me to even think about when she suggested it but soon I figured out how good that can actually feel. She took my cock and started jumping on it while we were on the jetski. I can’t say that I wasn’t worried about how safe all of this was. She was jumping hard and I was worried that she’d make us fall over with the force of her pussy jumping on top of my cock. The sexiest part was seeing my dick go inside her while I was slipping her panties to the side. It’s one thing to fuck my girlfriend, but to fuck her out in the open sea is an experience in it of itself. Now, what I didn’t know is that she had a lot more planned for us by going to an island. My girlfriend had a secret getaway planned for me but even I wasn’t ready for what was on the island. It seems that she got us an island just for the two of us and I’m completely fine with that. After all, after fucking her on the jetski, I couldn’t wait for a hard surface where I can take charge of the fuck session. I wanted to fuck her hard and an island would be the perfect place to do it. My girlfriend is a Latina after all so she likes some of these tropical destinations even more than I do so it would work for the both of us. She kept fucking me the entire time that we were going towards the island, slowly jumping on my cock so that she could still steer the jetski as she was going towards the island.   Finally, when we came over I had already cum inside her but I was ready for more. What I didn’t expect was for one more chick to be on the island! This was a shock for me as I thought that my girlfriend wasn’t the type that would enjoy a threesome. Without hesitation the girls got down and gave me one of the best blowjobs I had ever had. I couldn’t belive my babe was watching another girl sucking my cock deep into her mouth and down her throat. So we had an insane fuck session in the sexiest threesome of my life on that island. The naked girls were both sucking me off and I was fucking both of them in every single position that I could possibly think of. It was one of the most amazing experiences ever. My busty Latina beauty helped the other babe suck my big dick and ride it. The girls did their best to please me. There was just something about having sex outdoors that added another level of sensations. Both girls fucked my dick holding it between their mouths while caressing my balls with their fingers until I let out a huge moan cumming all over their faces. They licked every drop of cum from my cock. 