My tiny girlfriend is horny all the time! We’ve been together for a while now, and every time we meet, she jumps on my dick like she never saw one for months. I never expected once we started dating. She is a tiny local blonde college girl that looks like she is clueless about sex. I thought so also, but once she saw my dick for the first time, there was no way back. What she doesn’t like is “normal sex.” Every time she has to figure out something, as she is some damn perverted. Today was no different – seconds after my little slut came to my house, she was butt naked, inviting me to join her. Still this time she asked me to help her masturbate. Girls usually don’t like to that in front of guys, but as you’ve figured out, she is not an ordinary woman! Once the vibrator was on her pussy lips, you could see the mean look on her face, telling me this will be a wild session. I was curious, but I decided to let her play her game and follow the rules. A minute later, she already came for the first time as she was extra horny. I could see a stream of pee was running between her pussy lips. It was probably a squirting orgasm. Minutes after she decided to get back to a real dick. I was already hard, just by thinking about my fat shaft inside her tiny mouth, but once I felt her lips on it, that’s a whole new level of being hard. My little girl is a mighty cock sucker who knows how to take it both deep and fast. I never even had to ask for it, since this is her thing. Sex with her has to be brutal and even painful, as that turns her on. I don’t mind that at all, and I doubt any other guy would! She is so wet that she doesn’t require any additional foreplay, so she shoves my dick inside her snatch, and starts with a reverse cowgirl position. It’s hard to describe the feeling when you know that you are balls deep in her. My girlfriend is so tight that you would think something like that is impossible. It doesn’t take long for her to come again, but she needs a lot more to be satisfied.   My girlfriend is a real submissive nympho, and that’s why she loves taking it doggy style. Her wild screams fill the bedroom once I start impaling her, taking the full control. She is soaking, her little cunt is so tight and wet. Next position is my favorite – she is lying on her back, so again I have complete control, but I can also enjoy looking into her eyes which look so mean like she had lost her mind. I love playing with her nice pierced titties as she comes again and again. Watching her young naked body move in sweet rhythm to mine is amazing. It was time for me to cum, but that’s when she told me what’s going to be different. She wanted me to creampie her pussy! Nailing her and coming at the same was the best experience I ever had, and seeing her snatch full of semen felt so good. “Please keep fucking me, fuck your little girl, your cock is so amazing in my pussy, I don’t want you to stop fucking me” I was still hard and she before I could say something, her cum dripping vagina swallowed my dick and she started bouncing like mad.