It was the usual day in sunny California. I minded my business, but something suddenly caught my attention. This crazy ebony chick was running down the road and straight to my car, as she was only covered in a sheet. I had no idea what to do. Maybe she was crazy, but also, perhaps she was in trouble. I’ve decided to stop and see what’s happening. Seconds later, she was in my car, explaining everything. “I went to bang this guy, and his girlfriend came home, and I grabbed the sheet, and I couldn’t even grab my clothes, or my keys or my phone,” she said. I tried to be polite and offer to drive her somewhere, but this slut wanted me to take her home. As she showed me her perfect round tits, I knew what she wanted! The teen girl was still horny, and as her guy was unable to satisfy her, apparently I was the perfect substitute. I didn’t mind. This chick was hot, and I had nothing better to do anyway. I’ve seen everything in life, or that’s what I thought until now. Now that the hot black teen was sure that I’m interested, she showed me everything. She had a killer body and unshaven pussy, so my imagination started running wild. I couldn’t wait to take her home, and a few minutes later we were at my house. Luckily, that day no one was around, so I locked the doors as I knew what was coming. I was going to fulfill my sexual dream of having sex with a sexy black teen girl. I was never this hard in my life, and judging by the smile on her face, the girl was so happy when she saw my pride. Not overthinking about it, she put it in her mouth and started sucking it deep. Man, that felt so good. You could feel that she was enjoying this as she was looking straight to my eyes like she was asking, “Am I a good whore?” Of course, she was, as this is was the best blowjob I was given.   The girl was so wet down there that I did the right thing and started fucking her, skipping pussy licking. Doggy pounding is what she loved, as this chick enjoys being controlled. She gently rubbed her clit while I fucked her from behind. It was the perfect example of a big bubble butt. The fact that the girl was thin with a small waist made her butt look that much bigger. I kept thrusting deep into her, each thrust magnified. Soon I slammed hard into her and she screamed. I felt like she wanted to be my sex toy and would do whatever I asked as long as I kept impaling her. I liked it best when she rode me. It was amazing to see her nailing on my dick balls deep as she started moaning like crazy. God knows how many times she came that day – this girl was a pure nympho, unable to stop until she felt so exhausted that she couldn’t move anymore. That was the perfect time for my finish as I came all over her face, while she was smiling like she won the lottery. I’ve never seen someone that likes sex so much, and I was happy I could provide that. She loved it so much that I’m going to see her again today and take things to another level.