Horny brunette college girl has been living with a guy for a while, they have always been only roommates. Unfortunately for her, he already has a girlfriend and seems loyal to her. More than a few times she tried to seduce him walking around half-naked, but he always ignored her advances, even though other guys wouldn’t miss a chance to be with her. She is a perfect 10, a girl no one would refuse, so that makes her frustrated. When his girlfriend sends her roommate a plastic copy of her vagina, brunette figures out that she has to to do something. It’s pathetic that he fucks artificial snatch while she is here, warm, wet and ready. In her mind, that wouldn’t be cheating anyway. It’s only casual sex, and they can help each other. When he leaves the room, the naked girl puts away the fake pussy and goes under the bed sheets, so only her pussy is left uncovered. It’s a crazy idea to think he wouldn’t notice the switch, but the girl is horny and desperate that she can’t think straight anyway. It seems that the plan is working! “It does taste real,” the bald guy says while still talking to his girlfriend on the phone and tasting the pussy. He can’t get enough of it, but as he shoves his massive dick inside of her, his roommate starts moaning. Her plan is ruined, but when such a large shaft is inside of her, it’s hard to keep quiet! His naked roommate still thinks they should continue, as she only wants to help him. “You said you were lonely, because of your girlfriend been gone”, horny brunette says with sadness in her eyes. He can’t be that cruel and refuse her now! It feels so good to be inside of her, so there is no reason to stop.   He finally makes the right decision and starts pounding her. It’s hard to explain the happiness she feels! The teen girl is on the verge of tears as he keeps drilling her wet snatch that has been craving for his fat shaft for so long. She would do anything for him and let him use her as a sex toy, as long as he keeps fucking him. Seconds later the young girl already had her first orgasm and it felt so good. She has to return the favor, so she shows him her deepthroating skills. It’s not easy to fit such a large rod inside of her mouth, but she won’t stop until she does it! This is the first they have sex together, but her pussy and his cock seem like a perfect pair! You can see that as she rides him balls deep while still not believing that this is happening. The naked girl begs him to go even harder as he starts playing with her pussy, making her come once more. This turn out even better than she hoped for! As his cum covers her beautiful body, she knows they will keep fucking all the time now! Let’s hope his girlfriend doesn’t find out that he’s got a new fuck toy to enjoy.