Blonde wife Britney and her husband have a sinister plot to fill young women with his seed. The perverts have yet to find their latest victim, but as he waters the garden he discovers their next door neighbor, petite brunette teen Eliza, spying on him through the fence. She’s wearing a sexy top and skimpy shorts and when he finds out that she’s not into guys her age and feels far more attracted to older, more mature and experienced men, he realizes their search is over. Thing is, before he can even think of making a move, the teenage girl beats him to the punch, inviting him to her bedroom and jumping on him on her bed! While she goes check and make sure her parents aren’t in the house, he calls his wife, who’s barbequing some sausages in a sexy lingerie outfit and is delighted to know he found a new play mate for them to enjoy together. She wants to know who it is, so he turns the video on his phone on, so his wife can see for herself as sexy young girl walks balk into the bedroom. Britney sits back and watches the show as Eliza removes her bra and lets her husband suck on the perky nipples on her small breasts while sitting on his lap. The teen grabs his big fat cock, sucking and stroking it with lust in her eyes. On her knees, she swallows his member, deepthroating it. He holds her head still and fucks her mouse while she holds his balls in her grip. Putting her down on all fours, he licks her tight pussy and asshole, spanking her tight butt while she moans with pleasure. He pushes his hard cock into her gushing cunt, fucking the young teen doggy style from behind. He makes her cum with the experienced way in which he is fucking her and she can’t believe how big and hard his cock is and how much endurance he has for a man his age. He lies on his back and the naked girl gets on top, riding his big member in cowgirl position.   The young naked girl flips over and continues in reverse as he stimulates her clit with his fingertips, making her squirm even more so. He finishes his sexy neighbor off in missionary and blows his creamy load inside her cunt, leaving her with a sticky creampie, as planned! A couple of days later, his sexy wife Britney receives Tyler at her door, who is running the local election and she feels like running his cock! She spreads her legs wide open for him so he can slip his hard vote into her gushing ballot! She squats on his face and makes him eat her out, licking her delicious snatch while she plays with his big hard cock. Her husband had fun with their next door neighbor so it’s only fair she gets to screw with Tyler and get some cum for herself too! Don’t miss all the episodes in this series and more creampies! Will this cum-crazed couple get away with their secret plan to impregnate a gorgeous, young woman? Only time will tell!