It was the weekend, and that is the time when our house is cleaned. Usually, my stepmom does that, but she was on a business trip so my stepsister was the one who will do all the chores. We were together in the kitchen. I was finishing my breakfast, and she was cleaning around. My stepsister was looking smokin’ hot wearing a pale pink top and pale green panties. I started teasing her by telling her how she gives me a hard-on, and she was a bit pissed because I’m her stepbrother, so she told me to go and watch some porn, but I was persistent! I wanted to fuck her so hard, so I told her to take off her top. My stepsis exposed her beautiful natural boobs, so I went further and told her to take off her knickers. She told me that I was a weirdo, but she did that anyway. When I saw her delicious round butt, I had to approach and tell her she needs to suck my dick. My stepsister went down on me and grabbed my Johnson. She put my pulsating cock in her sweet mouth and started sucking it like her favorite flavor of ice cream. It felt so damn good, and I couldn’t take it. I ejaculated right into her mouth, and my step sister was furious about it. She didn’t want to swallow my sperm. She thought that was nasty, so she went to have a shower. Later we were sitting in our living room, and I suggested that we should make a video with some crazy bird box challenge that everyone’s been doing on the internet. She rejected, but then I offered to order a pizza if she plays this game with me, so she accepted the challenge. She’s put on a blindfold, and I told my sis to put her hands behind her back so I can feed her. I stuffed my cock in her mouth and pushed her head towards me. I shocked her with that, so she moved back! My slutty stepsis wanted to take things slow, so I let her do all the work. She took my cock and started sucking it.   After my manhood was as solid as a rock, I was ready for the big entrance. My stepsis was still wearing that blindfold, so I penetrated her juicy cunt. I slammed her tight vagina while rubbing her clit and I could tell that my stepsis was having the time of her life! I gave her multiple orgasms before I turned her around to fuck her doggystyle. I was drilling her vagina fast and hard while squeezing and slapping her bubble butt booty. My naked sister was screaming while cumming, and I thought I could fuck her like this for days! We switched position so now she was up humping my dick while I was buffing her muff. She screamed out in pleasure, slamming herself down on my big cock. My sister had a neatly trimmed strip of pubic hair, a landing strip above her pussy. It was fantastic feeling her vagina squeeze my cock during an orgasm. We tried out all the positions in the next few hours, and I couldn’t take it anymore. My stepsis banged me like a porn star, so I was about to reach the climax. She sensed that and grabbed my cum gun again, but this time she swallowed all the choad nectar.