This sexy brunette teen babe never imagined herself dating, much less fucking, an older guy, but ever since she started hanging out with her piano teacher, she has found herself irresistibly attracted to him, turned on by his passion for music. Watching him play while sitting by his side makes her young teen pussy drip wet, drenching her cotton panties as she sees his fingers gliding through the keyboard, wishing it was her body he’s playing with such passion and commitment! The girl puts her hand on his and they lock up in a passionate kiss. Soon she finds herself been stripped fully naked while leaning over his grand piano, burying his face in the crack of her tender bubble butt, licking her tight asshole and her gushing slit. She’s been waiting for this for so long! The young naked girl gets on her knees and gives him the sloppiest blowjob possible, swallowing his dick and drenching it with her saliva, watching it dripping down her chin and his balls. The way this little slut grabs his cock… gosh I wish it was mine. She slaps it against her tongue and smears it all over her face. He takes her to the bed and she lies on her back with her legs up, feeling his massive erection thrusting into her tight cunt and pounding her so hard and so good in missionary position, it’s like a dream cum true, it’s like they are making their very own sensual symphony of erotica and sex. Such beautiful young woman! Long brown hair, pretty face and a petite, natural body. Sweet ass and pussy, tempting butthole and sexy titties. Back to the piano, the naked girl leans over so she can get fucked from behind, throwing a leg up over the musical instrument so his sexual organ can go deeper into her vaginal funnel. She keeps taking his cock in standing doggy-style, mounting him to ride cock in reverse cowgirl and has amazing trembling orgasms. Her piano teacher fucks her hard and fast untill he is ready to fill her with a creamy symphony of hot cum. She loves making music and love with her teacher! 