So, my stepsister was sitting alone on her bed having what seemed as one of the most intense orgasms ever, so naturally, I had to come join in and see if she was feeling okay, because what I was seeing right now literally looked like demonic possession. Her whole body was shaking and trembling. The little slut, however, had some different plans for me, seeing as she did not rest me, not for a moment, and she whipped my cock out and started sucking on it as hard as she possibly could, slobbering all over the goddam thing and stroking it gently. She was kissing the head of my cock, licking up the precum, tasting all she could squeeze out of my hard erection with her small hands. My step sister wanted me to fuck her right away! The horny little girl got on top of me, grabbed my erection with her hand, positioned it right at her entrance and lowered herself down on my cock slowly. I watched as her little pussy took all nine inches of my cock! She started bouncing on the dick gently, and I moved my hips a bit as well. Her tight pussy felt so good on my dick, and she just could not handle the sensation. She can’t help it – the sexual energy just takes possession of her. My sister screamed, her cunt clenching and unclenching rapidly around my dick. Her little ass bounced as she continued to slam herself on my dick again and again. Her cunt contracted and imploded, milking me. I decided that it was time to switch positions, and it seems that this bitch simply couldn’t stop her self from squirting all over the god damn place, because I was barely a few strokes in and her pussy just squirted all over herself. I watched in amazement as her pussy erupted like a volcano squirting high in the air! My crazy naked was literally peeing all over herself. She got my cock super wet as well. However, I kept fucking her, and her legs just kept shaking so hard as she was getting pounded by me. Then, the girl got on top of me, and I decided to give her the full nelson, and I gripped tightly onto her legs and started fucking that tight wet pussy as hard as I possibly could. Her legs kept shaking, she was reaching trembling orgasm after orgasm, her legs kept shaking some more, but she could not squirt anymore.   Then, I pinned her tiny body down to the bed and started fucking her as usual. However, I did not manage to make her squirt any more, but her legs kept shaking so much, I thought she was literally about to die from the dick. Her young pussy was clenching so hard from the orgasm, that my cock felt like it was in a vice. She even gripped onto one of her legs to try and stop it from shaking, but this did not help much as the orgasmic sensations kept rocking her world this whole time. I gripped onto her hips harder as I fucked her pussy even harder and she moaned in tremendous pleasure, letting out an occasional scream every now and then, making me sure that I know I’m making her feel great with my cock, which was indeed a great feeling for me, and this all paid off for her as well, so surely nor me nor my stepsis had any complaints. My sister’s tight wet cunt endured the pounding for a while, and it was obvious that she was struggling because she was gripping onto the bed sheets. I switched the pounding into some missionary action, and soon enough, her clam tightened up, and she simply could not take my dick inside of her anymore.