They’ve just finished the semester, so they were having a little party to celebrate. They were playing beer pong, and the chicks were crazy about it. These babes were screaming and exposing their boobs in front of the dudes. Blondy noticed her best friend is not there, so she went to take a look. She saw that her friend is going to the other room with a dude, so she followed them. Blonde babe saw how her best friend is sucking that dude’s cock, and she started to feel warm down there. Blondy started rubbing herself, but her friend heard her and invited her to join. They closed the door to have some privacy, and these two babes grabbed the dude’s cock and started licking it together. While one babe was sucking the other one was licking the dude’s balls. Two hot college girls were drowning in dude’s boner before the brunette climbed the dude and plunged his cock all the way into her wet cunt. The teen slut started humping his cock slowly then speeding up. She was moving up and down while the blonde chick was rubbing her clit and massaging her boobies. Angelic brunette fucked that cum gun while her big tits were bouncing and clapping. She had multiple orgasms, and her blonde friend was dying to feel that hard cock too! Blonde cutie sat on that joystick and started twerking and twitching her tight booty while the brunette was squeezing her butt cheeks. Blond babe was shaking her tooshie so the dick slipped out and the brunette took it and sucked it again. She jerked him off a little bit, and she put it back in her friend’s wet vagina. The brunette was licking the dude’s balls and Blondy’s ass hole. She moved so that her friend can lick her tight hairy cunt. That dude had a feast for the eyes while he was looking at the brunette’s love holes and she was climaxing like crazy. The stunning brunette sat on the dude’s face so he can lick her while slamming the blond chick. Nothing better than eating and fucking cunt at the same time.   It was too much for the dude, so the naked girls decided to let him breathe for a bit, so the brunette sat on his manhood, and the blond babe was rubbing her love button and kissing her big tits. Brunette cutie had multiple orgasms. She was shaking and moaning while her kitty was stuffed and rubbed hard. The girls switched position, so the dude was slamming the brunette’s hairy pussy while she was drowning in Blondy’s twat. Horny dude had an excellent view of brunette’s big round ass, and the blonde babe was having a wild time too. The naked girl stood up and turned her booty around so the dude can lick her from behind while he was drilling her friend’s love hole like a dog. They were all sweaty from sex, and they were all on cloud nine. They have forgotten that they are not alone in the house and that someone might come to look for them. Their friends peaked in the room and saw these three people in hardcore action. The dude was slipping from one pussy to another before he jerked off and dropped his dick milk all over these lustful sluts. What a load! He really blasted their faces!