Since the girls finally started living together, a young redhead and her blonde girlfriend are having the best time of their lives. Whenever the lesbians are home alone, they are wearing next to nothing. The reason is entirely practical – they like to have sex all the time, so it helps when you don’t need to spend minutes stripping down. While under the shower, the blonde is the one taking the initiative, removing her girlfriend’s panties and revealing her shaved pussy. She immediately started licking as her juices were already running. Her snatch tastes so well that blonde feels like this could be her food for the rest of her life. Love the girl-girl make-out scene in the shower. Sweet cunnilingus! He tongue teases her, up and down her slit, as she is now kissing and sucking on her pussy lips. Her lover looks magnificent as she is standing tall with a smile on her face as nipples on her glorious breasts got some attention too. Now it’s her turn to go on offense, as she returns the favor. Redhead goes a step further, so she is not only licking her pussy but also fingering it and making her come. She knows that this is just the beginning as her girlfriend needs much more. The naked girls now moved to the sink, so as a redhead is bent over it, the other one is diving in her pussy. She spreads her lovely ass cheeks with both hands, she slowly works her tongue into her slit, parting her slippery lips. Then the hot lesbian starts licking her ass crack, stopping at the asshole for an extra rub. She buries her lips into her pussy, eating out her vagina, driving her crazy with intense sensations. The roles are soon reversed, but the results are the same – more orgasms and lots of fingering while she kisses her perfect ass. The naked blonde lies on her back with her gorgeous ass high in the air and her girlfriend keeps sucking and nibbling her labia, deep tongue fucking, flicking and sucking on her little clit. Her finger is deep in her unshaven pussy, but at the same time, she rubs it, which is an ideal combination that makes her girlfriend go insane. The lesbians know each other’s bodies as their own, and that’s what makes their sex incredible. This session only ends up after they came once more, before looking at each other knowing it was perfect. 