Stunning, absolutely stunning! Two ebony beauties taking a big dick, another hot 3some guys! Brunette beauty Teanna lives in luxury as she has a sugar daddy, but her curvy friend with massive tits Autumn wants the same. Some girls work hard for the money, doing two or three jobs and slowly make their way to the top. On the other side, you have someone like Teanna. She found herself a sugar daddy, someone who will be able to afford whatever she likes. Now she is wearing only top designer stuff, making her best friend Autumn jealous. The girls have never talked about their lifestyles, but Teanna thought now is the time to tell her the truth. She was relieved when her friend not only supported her life choices but asked if she could also share her man. The guy is loaded, so Teanna decided to introduce her to him. Autumn might look gorgeous, but that won’t be enough! She also needs to give an incredible performance to satisfy his needs. He might be rich, but he also demands a lot. Luckily, Teanna is willing to show what is expected of her. She pulls his pants down as his dick ready for the action. The obedient slut is already sucking it deep giving him a sloppy blowjob, the way he likes it. Her friend feels liberated, as she always enjoyed having a hard shaft in her mouth. That’s why she is not wasting any time. While her friend has her mouth filled, she starts stripping down, showing her big boobs before her jeans are also removed. It´s amazing to see a gorgeous newcomer like Autumn with perfectly natural breasts and even some pubes. What a beauty. She has a huge smile on her face as her unshaven pussy grabs the attention of her potential sugar daddy. That’s a good start, but she still has a long way to go! That’s why she starts aggressive, sucking his raging rod together with Teanna. The girls are perfectly synchronized, proving in practice why are two chicks better than one! The hot babes take turns sucking him, and sharing continues once it’s time for their pussies to be drilled. Auttumn’s titts and Teanna’s ass are required viewing whenever possible. This is going to be so fucking AWESOME. Teanna is first on the line as she is riding her man, while at the same time he fingers her pussy. Autumn wants to check the action up close, licking her friend’s wet ass cheeks. She goes even further, shoving a finger in her tight asshole. Now it’s her turn to be impaled, as she tries reverse cowgirl position with success!   No matter how deep he goes inside of her, she can take it and even come for the first time while Teanna plays with her massive melons. She also receives saliva in her mouth like her, proving there is nothing she won’t do. She is a quick learner, and her potential sugar daddy already likes her. She can feel that, as she figures out that this is what she is made to do. She enjoys every second of it as she oils her friend’s butt and slaps it, making it all red. The naked girls can truly fuck like there is no tomorrow! That was extremely hot with all the pouring of oils all over their lovely asses as they were getting banged. Nothing better than watching big titted sluts cum on a fat dick while riding it. Both of these brown goddesses are outrageously gorgeous. Stunning skin tone, and unbelievably hot bodies. Curvy, voluptuous, and so, so fuckable. Love how the sugar babies were so horny and lustful for every inch of his cock. Autumn is back on his fat schlong as she got the honor to make him come hard all over her fat ass, while Teanna is tasting his semen. Amazing scene! I had to re-watch Autumn slurping cum out of Teanna’s pussy on the cumshot and facial. One of the hottest things I’ve ever seen. Autumn passed the test with flying colors, and her life will become much better now!