The best things happen when you don’t expect them. I was driving through the mall’s parking lot, and the only person I saw there was this petite teen. The girl looked confused, so I stopped to check if I could be of any help. It was hard to ignore this chick in her short skirt, which revealed her long legs and her exotic looks. “I thought my boyfriend was waiting right here for me, but I guess he left me,” the sexy teen said, looking confused and disappointed. “What a jerk,” I thought, as I have no idea why would someone left her like that. I had to offer her a ride as it was hot outside, and I also suggested that she calls her man to clear things up. It turned out that her boyfriend left her for another girl, but she wasn’t depressed at all. It looked like she was relieved, as her hand was already on my pants. She was ready to do it with me, so what could I do? I honestly wanted to help, and I guess this was my reward. As I removed her bra, I touched her small boobs and hard nipples, which told me that she was ready to go. I stuffed her little pussy with my fingers, and even though her snatch looked tight, I had no problems sliding them in. Like a good girl, she wanted to return the favor, so a few seconds later, my cock was in her hands and then in her mouth. There is something extremely hot when such a petite girl gives you a blowjob. It felt like she was struggling to take it all, but that only motivated her to try even harder. She grabbed my cock in one hand and my ball-sack in the other and began stroking and sucking on my sex organ. It was a crazy situation, as we could be caught anytime. At the same time, it felt exciting, so I decided to enjoy it while it lasts. Now it was time to take things to another level. We moved to the backseat. The young teen spread her legs and her shaved pussy was on full display. I took my hard cock into my hand rubbing it up and down her slit. I pushed forward slowly, forcing her small vagina to accept my thickness. She was super turned on because it was wet and hot inside her.   I started drilling her tight snatch. I could go balls deep, as the girl had no problem with it, encouraging me to go even harder. Things got even wilder once she started riding me. Anyone could see her going up and down, and figure out what was happening. Her boyfriend called again, but the only thing she said to him is that she has another dick to keep her occupied. I like this sexy petite girl; she is a total slut with a look of the most innocent girl you’ve ever seen. Her now ex-boyfriend made a mistake, but I’m thankful he brought her to me as this turned out to be one of the best hardcore session I’ve ever had. This bitch had no limits so that I could use her as my sex toy. I pounded that tight pussy of hers in the back seat before busting my nut all over her slim figure! I spayed her titties and her pussy, and I swear, this was the biggest cumshot I ever had. There was something special about this girl, so of course, we exchanged numbers as I plan to call her and do this all over again.