If there’s one thing that everyone knows about soccer moms it’s the fact that they just can’t seem to get enough young cock inside of them. As much as they like to act like an authority, in the bedroom they’re nothing more than a slut that wants to suck some cock and get drilled by it afterward. Alexis is just that kind of mom and she’s out and about when she notices that one of her son’s friends is looking to rest for a little while. Waiting for her kids to finish their game the MILF invites the boy into her van and starts seducing him and toying with him. She whips out her cleavage and the dude just can’t believe the size of her tits. He knows that they’re fake but he can’t seem to resist them. She decides to lure him in with some orange juice as she squeezes and orange over her tits and the little dude grabs them and licks her tits. The horny woman can’t wait to wrap her lips around his young cock. Having never had his cock sucked before, he almost shoots his load in her mouth. But the hot MILF doesn’t let him cum so fast! She decides to drive back home where the dude can fuck her. They have some foreplay but not a lot of it as they’re both really thirsty for some hot sex. The MILF takes off all her clothes and she’s ready for some hot sex. The beautiful naked woman bends over and lets him enjoy her cunt and her ass. He has never seen or touched a naked woman before. His mind was filled with stimulation as he buries his face between her ass cheeks and starts licking her cunt from behind. He can’t wait to get his virgin dick inside her! With one hard thrust, he drives his cock all the way inside her eager pussy and starts going in and out over and over again. The naked woman starts getting fucked insanely hard by the dude. She seems to enjoy it a lot and then lets him fuck her missionary style as well. After they’re done with that position it’s time for her to get fucked in every other conceivable position the dude has seen in porn. Finally, the dude can’t take anymore, and he cums all over her as she is seen with so much joy and pleasure on her face. 