I was in my room getting ready for the bed when my stepsister came in to ask me if she could sleep in my room since her mattress was fucked up. Of course, I told her to hop in, and she suggested we pretend we are a couple. It was weird, but I always thought that my stepsis is hot, so I decided to go with the flow. She took off her bunny-printed pajama, and I instantly got a hard-on when I saw her sweet shaved vagina. I was looking at the most beautiful pussy I had ever seen. All pink and clean looking, so sweet and so tiny. My lustful stepsis spread her legs, and I slapped her cunt with my pulsating boner. She spit on her hand and rubbed her pussy I little bit so I can penetrate her love hole. It felt so damn good to feel her kitty wrapping up my Johnson, so I started fucking her slowly but when I heard her moaning I started moving faster. I was drilling her juicy cunt while squeezing her perfect natural boobs and I could tell that my stepsister was having a wicked time. I love watching how chicks enjoy when I bang their kitty, and my hot naked sister was making me so horny that I had to be very careful not to have premature ejaculation. I took my cum gun out and slapped her again. I told her to turn around so I could watch her delicious round booty bouncing while I invade her. I entered her love tunnel, and she was moving up and down. I spanked her tight ass while watching how she twerks as she rides my joystick. My beautiful stepsister spread her butt cheeks so she could feel me better. I needed a short break but not her! The moment I laid down my horny stepsister climber my manhood and started riding me like some wild animal. I had a jaw-dropping view of her, and it was very hard to stay focused and not to spill my cock milk too early. My stepsister turned around to fuck me in a reverse cowgirl position.   Her sexy bubble butt cheeks were spread wide open. I smiled from ear to ear. My step sister was riding me like a porn star, and I was on cloud nine. It was so hard not to cum, and when she turned around again I banged her for a few more minutes, but I couldn’t take it anymore! Her arms were clasped around my neck as she grunted, “Yes, fuck me! I want that hard cock in me deeper” I creampied her twat! I couldn’t believe my eyes. Next day I went to the kitchen to have a snack, but she was there too. My luscious stepsister was wearing only her black lace thong and a button up shirt, but her breasts were exposed. I had a feeling that she was dressed like that on purpose and I was right. The little slut kneeled and grabbed my love muscle. She licked and sucked my balls and my sausage, so I had to smash her again! We went to the living room for another round of sex. This time I fucked her harder! After a few hours, we knew that our parents were about to come back, so I jerked off and spilled my love liquor in her mouth!