Who doesn’t love a vagtastic girls night out? Kali and Kendra were the best friends since high school, but since the girls are in different colleges, it’s a rare occasion when they can spend some time together. It’s the weekend, so they had another reunion, deciding to hit the town. Dressed in short shorts and cut off t-shirts, they felt the incredible amount of sexual energy building up. Even though the teens were in the middle of the road, they couldn’t wait anymore. The girls started playing with each other and showing their boobs, as they couldn’t wait to come home and start building on it. Kali was the one taking the initiative. The blonde with heavily tattooed back was sucking her friend’s boobs, as her nipples were rock hard. The teen lesbians were already in the bedroom, as Kali was amazed by her butt as she was stripping her down. It was even bigger than she thought, and that made her happier. She already imagined her tongue digging deep in it as she was going butt naked, showing her pierced tits. Opposite attracts – while Kali is a rebel, Kendra looks like a good girl next door. Still, when the girls are sharing a bed, it seems like they are a perfect couple. Brunette lesbian is on top of her lover tasting her pierced nipples before they were in a sixty-nine, ripping their fishnets before tasting their pussy juices. She starts kissing her labia and her sensitive clit. “Yes… That’s it… Ohhh” Kendra wanted more, so she started fingering Kali. Two fingers went inside without a problem, as she felt like she could take even more. At the same time, the other dike was to busy playing with her massive booty. Kali sits on her friend’s face and presses her pussy against her open mouth, making her eat her out. The hot teen starts riding her face, vigorously moving her pussy back and forth on her tongue. The lesbians are moaning as their bodies are squirming, then shuddering in orgasm, both crying out as their pleasure overwhelms them. The girls don’t need any toys today. Their tongues and fingers are enough to make them come hard, time after time before they laid down dead tired and finished their session with soft kisses. 