Whenever they have a day off, blonde and her bald man spend their time together. Their idea of fun is simple, as it consists only of hard fucking. They lock the doors, turn off their phones and start exploring their bodies. Little blonde may look innocent dressed like a schoolgirl with nerdy glasses on, but she is a nympho who is always begging to be fucked. Not that her boyfriend minds that at all! Today she is not wearing any panties which might be a good idea since her snatch is already dripping wet. Her lover is already there, but there is no need for hurry. He inserts a small dildo in her juicy pussy with no problem while eating it at the same time. Blondie is already shaking like she is about to come, but there is time for everything. First, she wants to return the favor, so his cock ends up in her hands before she fills her mouth with it. She might be petite, but that doesn’t she is unable to deepthroat him! Guys always underestimated her abilities, so she always worked hard to prove them wrong. The blonde slut even lets him fuck her throat and slap her big bottom, because the pain only makes everything better. Her thing is to pretend she is powerless giving him the complete control to use her. Of course, the main course is next on the line, as he inserts his throbbing cock deep inside her snatch as she is laying on the couch and moaning hard. Nerdy blonde doesn’t have to say much as he knows exactly that she needs hard and ball deep fucking. Her favorite position is cowgirl as she controls the pace while he slaps her titties. Her pussy is creaming sweet juice. The blonde slut runs her wet pussy slit over his precum oozing cockhead before slowly impaling herself onto his throbbing dick. This girl has the most amazing ass you have ever seen! perfectly-formed round ass cheeks. Watching her perfect ass bounce underneath his dick is amazing, she begins bucking underneath him, pushing her bubble butt backwards to meet his thrusts. His blonde girlfriend is whimpering from pleasure, and her legs seem about to buckle. Soon enough, her fat ass is covered by the massive amount of cum. 