When a girl is naked during a massage, you already know that it won’t end well. An innocent massage can take an unexpected turn if you let it take its course. This girl is about to prove to us that a chick just can’t have a massage completely naked without getting drilled at some point. Her masseur starts off by massaging her normally, but things quickly escalate as he covers her tits with his palms and starts rubbing them. After he’s done with her bare breasts, he moves on to her pussy. His strong hands are massaging her thighs, her pussy lips and clit. The young naked girl spreads her legs wide and arches her back to give him better access to her intimate parts. He massages her pussy so much that she just can’t help herself except want more from him. He quickly obliges and takes off all his clothes so that he can show off his huge cock to her. The sexy blonde is absolutely amazed by the huge hard cock that he’s presenting her with and she can’t wait to suck on it. She opens her mouth and eagerly sucks the cock in. Her soft young lips caresse his aching cock as his fingers keep rubbing her gorgeous body. She immediately starts sucking his cock like a slut only could. The girl does a great job at it and he knows that this isn’t the first nor last masseur cock that she has sucked off. She loves these massages for this reason alone, but what comes up next is the real reason why she likes to partake in this relaxing activity. She rides him reverse cowgirl style and he loves every second of it. It isn’t until she gets fucked from the front though that things start really picking up for him and eventually she gets drilled from behind. He fucks her teen pussy doggy style, and he does it so hard that there is nothing left for him to do except cum into her pussy. She leaves the massage session thoroughly satisfied, with cum oozing down her legs and looks forward to the next session. So many things to like about this scene: the extended attention to her pleasure by prolonging pussy licking, a long cowgirl scene, and a dripping cream pie. 