The girls haven’t seen in each other for a while since both of them are studying at different colleges. Now feels like the perfect for hanging out for a few and catching up a bit. The girls found out Ouija table in the dusty boxes, so they decided to play the game. When they pull out what appears to be a magical board with a dick shaped cursor, these curious teens decide to try out this new game in hopes of summoning a cock! It turns out it does since out of nowhere, a young guy appeared in the bedroom. He is already naked and gives the girl a chance to suck it. Kimmy was always the bigger slut even in her high school days, so of course, she had to go first. The dick was huge, but even if it were the biggest she ever saw, she would still give it a go. She was never about gentle sex, so Jillian was not surprised to see her girlfriend shove his manhood up her throat, testing her limits. She is doing it like a pro, even though it wasn’t easy to deepthroat his one-eyed snake. Luckily, Jillian is also eager to join in, so she is the one sucking it while Kimmy takes time to remove her shorts and display her tight ass. She took time to finger her pussy before she was back to his cock, to check out what was going on. As the best girlfriends, they share everything, so there is no competition here. Anyone could tell this was not their first threesome as they work well together. While one of the girls was sucking his balls, the other was putting his thing back in her mouth. The teens love giving sloppy blowjobs, but their cunts are already so wet. With their pussies dripping wet with anticipation the naked girls decide who will be first. Kimmy slowly lowers herself down impaling herself onto his prick. His throbbing cock feels so good in her pussy. She is so hard at riding him, going balls deep like any girl could do it. The hot naked teen begins twerking her perfect ass onto his dick as he slams up into her young cunt. The way this slut twerks her pelvis is something amazing. Jillian is not to be left unsatisfied, so Kimmy licks her pussy and makes her come for the first time. As a redhead is in reverse cowgirl position, her girlfriend licks her perky tits and plays with her pussy, making her cum again.   This is already the best threesome the girls ever had together, and no matter how many times she came, she wanted even more. This guy turned them into full-time sluts, as the young naked girls were both fucking balls deep, asking to be nailed harder. The guy was able to deliver, as they continued playing with their pussies. It was a sight to be seen as Kimmy was nailed, Jillian was on sitting on top of her as her wet snatch was eaten. It was the time for their man to spray them, and he didn’t discriminate, covering their faces with a thick load. They even swallowed some of it as the guy disappeared. His job was done as they were left lying on the bed with hot cum on their cheeks.