Brunette MILF has been lonely for months, and even though she masturbates using her collection of toys, she needs a real man. While browsing online, she ordered something called “The Boy Toy Deluxe.” She was not sure what she bought, but the name was inviting. Once the order came, she was pleasantly surprised as she got an android, shaped like a toned young man, fully naked and with a hard erection. The woman was still a bit shocked, but just looking at him made her smile, so she decided to give him a shot. Grabbing him by his cock, she led him to her living room, revealing her wet pussy. He started kissing her thighs and teasing her. Then he ran his tongue from the opening of her pussy to her clit, causing the hot naked woman to groan with pleasure. He sucked her pussy lips into his mouth, kissing with her pussy. The woman moaned and placed her hand on the back of his head holding him tightly against her cunt. He was not a human being, but he knew how to lick her vagina. Whatever she tried, he was excelling at it! His hard cock was the perfect fit for her massive breasts but also her mouth. With a bit of forcing, she could fit it all, giving him a deep blowjob. Shes so fucking hot when she deepthroats and gags. “This was a perfect investment,” she thought while sucking his balls and imagining what will happen next. The naked babe is not in a hurry though, so she continues playing with his shaft combining her hands and mouth. This MILF slut slept with so many guys, but now she felt this was something new. He even slapped her ass! How did he know she likes that? Now she was really into it, demanding deep pussy pounding while rubbing her snatch and coming for the first time. “A boy in my closet I can use whenever I want,” she said with a slutty smile on her face, thinking this is what pure happiness looks like! The beautiful naked woman keeps riding him with her big tits slapping his face. She has A DREAM BODY, boobs and ass are perfect! She’s hotter than hell! He was willing to fulfill any of her wishes, including her riding him balls deep as long as she wants it. Even his cum tasted real as it covered her massive breasts. She’ll keep this one! 