She recently moved into a new home, since her mom got married again. She now has a step-brother, but things are not going well. He is annoyed by her habits, as she likes to play music loud, practicing her twerking. The guy can’t even concentrate on jerking off, so he decides to clear things up with her. He told her a few times to keep things quiet, but that wasn’t enough. As he opened the door, he was stunned. The blonde slut was in short shorts as her fat ass was twerking. His stepsister was mad at first, but after her step-brother gave a few compliments about her butt, her mood changed. She was looking stunning and sexy, as her bra wasn’t enough to cover her boobs. He offered his services, as he wanted to see how good were her twerking skills. His slutty sister got a big ol’ booty! She was flattered and proceeded to bounce her bubble butt up and down for him. As her pants were soaked in oil, he could see everything as it was getting harder to control his needs. Luckily, little blonde was all about dirty sex, so in a second she dropped her panties, showing her incredible holes, both her cunt and her anus. They were obviously used a lot, and it looked they will be drilled once more. But first, she wanted to be in control, as her lips were on his massive shaft. The teen slut started slowly, but soon after his manhood was up her throat. Love the way her mouth plays with his cock. She was struggling a bit like she was amazed by the size of it, but that didn’t scare her. “Mmm oohh god, fuck me, fuck me!” the girl commanded through her cock filled mouth. Slutty blondie now wanted her step-brother to nail her tight pussy, and it was a complete success. She looked back at her brother, curious and horny, biting her lip, wagging her fat ass at him. It was a sight to be seen as she was riding it, going deeper every time as her moaning was getting harder. She was even able to twerk and fuck at the same time – this girl has talent. She wanted an even bigger challenge, so she asked her new stepbrother to fill her asshole! Throbbing dick in her butt was a perfect fit, and even though she felt pain, there was no way she would stop. I love seeing her taking it in the ass and my lord that moan of hers…   The hot teen girl was riding his shaft while at the same time playing with her pussy, coming hard more than a few times. Her legs were shaking like crazy, but this was not her first ride. Who would say that this cute girl is such a slut who probably has more experience than any of her girlfriends could even imagine. She likes all her holes used, so the cock is back in her pussy, but this time it goes balls deep. As the fucking continued, his naked sister was getting wilder and demanded harder action. It looks like the teens are going to do this whenever their parents and stepparents are away. But first, this has to finish well. As her stepbrother reached his peak speed, she felt his balls slapping against her ass, and she was nearing orgasm. At the same time the sight of his hard cock going in and out of his sister’s delicious ass triggered a huge orgasm in him. As the sister came again, it’s time for him to shoot his load and to paint her face white, proving he had a good time too. No more fighting between them!