I admit it! It’s not nice to spy other people and violate their privacy, but I had a good reason to do so! Not a long time, I got new neighbors. They are an interracial couple, and I swear, she is the most beautiful ebony I ever saw! She is excellently built, with nice pair of tits, a perfect face and big booty. Her dude is probably the luckiest guy in the world! One day I was passing by their home, but since the window was open, I saw her on the couch only in pink underwear as she was twerking in front of her man! Don’t tell me you wouldn’t stop and look! OK, I did more, as a tried to sneak under the window and get a better view of the action. Still, it’s not like I know anything about stealth, so of course, she heard me. Before I even had to chance to say something and apologize, she said, “What are you doing? Get in here you little perv!” I was a bit afraid of what’s coming, but once my half naked neighbor dragged me inside, she was already touching my dick, feeling that it’s already hard. I was in shock! Not only did she already had my schlong in her hands, but her man was napping on the sofa! The sexy black babe continued her mission anyway, so my white cock entered her mouth as she lost her top and showed me her massive melons. This was better than I could even imagine as she was moaning like she didn’t have sex for weeks. Her boyfriend was asleep, so he had no idea what was going on. It sounds stupid that I still decided to fuck his girlfriend even though he was maybe 10 feet away, but c’mon, would you tell her to stop if you were in my place? Anyway, she assured me she would try to make less noise, as she felt that I was nervous. When you are nervous, your dick shrinks, and that’s the last thing she wanted! She dared me to move things to another level and fuck her right there. I still can’t believe what we did next. The beautiful black naked girl laid down on the couch, only a few feet away from her man, spread her slim legs, spread her pussy lips for me. I put the head of my cock directly on her swollen clitoris. With one thrust my cock slid inside her ebony pussy.   The naked girl pulled her knees under her arms, giving me perfect penetration angle, my big cock slid easily into her very wet cunt. I was pounding her snatch. She is probably exhibitionist, so these situations turn her on. We were now on the floor, while the sexy black babe was riding me. What a beautiful body, and those gorgeous eyes, face, legs! “I was so horny, but my boyfriend didn’t want to fuck,” she said, explaining the situation as she was balls deep on my shaft, asking me to drill her even harder. She acts like a nympho, so I have as sympathy for her dude, as she is one demanding bitch. She finally ditched her panties and put it in her mouth to silence herself. She was still a very impressive woman, especial bent over on her knees with her beautiful ass up in the air! Her both hands spread her buttocks to accommodate the long, hard shaft slamming deep into her. My balls were slapping against her clit. Her teeth closed onto her full lower lip as she moaned into the pleasure. Love black women with big bubble butts! Then the naked babe wrapped her legs around my back, moved her pelvis, and was fucking me with long fast strokes at first, and then, furiously and that made cum so hard on her face and mouth.