Once her mom married again, young brunette got a new stepdad, and they moved in to live with him. She didn’t mind that as he was a rich and nice guy, but also good looking. She could understand why she chose him. As time went by, she figured out that he is always in her mind. Whenever she masturbates, she sees him nailing her young pussy with his huge cock, making her suck it and cum all over her face. The fact that it’s a forbidden love only makes her cum harder. Sex is on her mind all day long, especially once she is butt naked in the bathroom. The young naked girl starts playing with her perfect ass, before turning attention to her already wet pussy. The girl is so desperate that she is using an electric toothbrush on her lovely pussy and won’t stop even when her stepdad is at the door. He is in a hurry as he needs to leave soon, but she is taking her sweet time. He enters the room, but as he sees what his naked step daughter is doing, he feels ashamed! More than that, he is worried about her as the teenage girl chose a weird way to masturbate. As a responsible stepdad, he was here to offer her alternative, but even before saying a word, the naked girl removes his towel to uncover a massive cock. In a second she goes down on her knees and starts sucking and looking straight in his eyes. His reaction confirms that he is already enjoying this and gives her a seal of approval to go on. The teen slut always like her sex brutal, so it’s no wonder she is desperate to fill her mouth with his shaft. She has to demonstrate her dedication in every possible way. That’s why when he wanted to fuck her throat, she gladly accepted to be used as his fuck toy. Even though she was out of breath, and her eyes were teary, she would not give up. Stepdaddy felt the need to award her efforts, so while the naked teen was on the table, he started licking her gorgeous pussy which was already wet. He could eat out her pussy all day long, but he knows that his horny stepdaughter needs more.   They finally moved out of the bathroom to the bedroom, and that only makes more excited. This is the place where he fucks her mom, and now he is doing the same to her. It’s so wrong, but that only makes it more exciting. As the hot teen rides him, her moans fill out the room, and she is proud that she can take it balls deep, like a grown-up woman. This is after all the biggest dick she ever had. Is there anyone better at cowgirl than this slut? She totally knows how to ride a cock. She rides like a fucking champ. Her cowgirl is unrivalled in her weight class. As she comes for the first time, she knows she will need more. Luckily, her stepdad is in top form, and he even lifts her during sixty-nine so she could suck his shaft in an acrobatic way. This scene is so hot! He keeps pounding into her as her pussy keeps cumming. The young naked girl moans, grinding her pussy on his face. Gushing as she cums, her pussy leaks juices onto his face. Only when he felt that she couldn’t take it anymore, he decided to finish, covering her face with a massive load. This will continue, as long as they keep it a secret!