A yoga instructor always needs to keep her cool, but this one just can’t seem to do it when she sees her new student. It was just them two this class since everyone else was absent. She led her student through a series of poses, but found that her energy was all blocked up. She jumped the hot female student while she was bent over and started slapping her ass. The student was confused but didn’t know what to do. Eventually, the instructor started ripping the girl’s yoga pants and she just stood there and took it. Turns out that she didn’t have any panties underneath those yoga pants and boy was the yoga instructor happy to see that. While she was still bent over on the yoga matt, the instructor started licking her pussy and rimming her as well. It didn’t take long after that and she whipped out a strap-on that she intended to use for the rest of the workout. This was a session that she wasn’t going to forget, no doubt about that. The girl kept kneeling on her knees and ended up taking the whole thing up her pussy. The lesbian yoga teacher started fucking her pussy with the strap on from multiple positions and even stuffed the thing down her throat. The strap-on is bigger than any cock that the girl has ever had so naturally this was a shock for her. However, it was a good and a welcomed shock as you could obviously tell that the girl is having a phenomenal time with all the moaning that’s coming out of her mouth. Then the sexy babe even started riding the teacher without a single second for a second thought. She kept on going until she reached climax, and she reached it multiple times. The scene with two naked girls tribbing, grinding their cunts against each other is phenomenal! A girl getting facefucked by another girl with a strap on is just the perfect porn setup. In a way she is the submissive and her lesbian partner the dominant, but the truth is that she also is submissive because she’s doing exactly what the men wants her to do… Don’t miss more hardcore lesbian scenes! 