These three teen sluts are excited to hit up this empty beach house mansion they have heard about. The family that owns it leaves it vacant for a few months a year, so the girls sneak in and enjoy the lavish living for themselves. The very first thing you get to see in this scene are three girls taking off their clothes. The naked girls start sucking on each other’s titties hard, and then, a horny dude shows up! His family owns the house, and he is going to call the cops! These girls think fast, surrounding the snitching stud with their naked titties. His hairy cock is there to dominate these three girls. He puts the cock on their faces, and the girls start sucking him off obediently. One girl licks one side, the other girl licks the other side, and one of them focuses on the tip. Then, one girl grabs the other girl’s hair and moves her friend’s head as she chokes on the big meat, then, the blonde with the pierced nipples takes over and starts sucking the cock and stroking it nicely. Soon enough, the naked girls all decide that it is time for them to suck the dick side by side once more, and they do so. Later, the girls line up next to the wall, they bend over, and they let the dude fuck every single one of them. The first girl starts taking dick from the dude, and he goes easy on her, making her moan just ab it, but he did not spare the second girl one bit. While he was pounding the second gal, he started rubbing the third girl’s pussy and preparing her for the fucking. The girl in the middle spanked the girl on the left after he pulled out and then she spanked the guy while he was fucking the girl on the right. The three naked girls lined up in front of him, and as the girl with the darkest skin was moving her hips, the two girls next to her were making out right. They kissed sloppily, and soon enough, they stopped and moved on to the living room. The girls all sat on the sofa, and they let the dude eat their tight cunts out before starting to pound them again. They split their pussy lips open for him to slam each of them in retribution. That should settle the score! 