This bad bitch is up to no good. She looks like a pin-up girl from those posters that you used to love looking at when you were a kid and she’s in dire need of cock. An outlaw couple known as the Ryder Dies are on the run and at large. In addition to wreaking havoc throughout the state of California, the now-infamous duo have become a source of public fascination. This blonde is obsessed with these two criminals. She can’t help rubbing her cunt thinking about them. Her boyfriend enters the room and sees that she wants SEX, more and more HOT, STEAMY SEX! However, it seems that she’s got other things planned, the little slut taped her object of desire over the boyfriend’s face. Just the picture alone seems to have done the trick since the moment she saw her lover on the picture taped to the boyfriend’s face, she pushed him down on the bed and started sucking him off. She pulled out his cock and started sucking like a real slut. She has never given him a blowjob like that! She grabs his scrotum, clutching it in her palm and tries to swallow his penis. She is so hot, she literally fucks his cock with her mouth. I just love her mouth skills. The crazy slut licks the head of his cock with her tongue and she moans with his cock in her mouth, so hot! She can’t wait anymore, her pussy juices are flowing abundantly as she sits on him, shoving his cock deep in her hot cunt, arches her back in anticipation of orgasm. The dude grabs her ass with both hands and starts rocking with her, fucking his hot girlfriend hard. The naked girl wraps her arms around his neck as he keeps pounding into her love hole in missionary position. She can not help it, screaming as she reaches orgasm. Her body quivers and shakes as her orgasm causes her eyes to roll back in her head. She has never been so turned on but she wants more. She starts riding him, slamming herself down onto his dick hard and fast, having one orgasm after another. She fucks him well and the dude can’t believe his luck as his sexy girl rides him like one of the baddest bitches ever. She really has the time of her life as well and ends up orgasming on top of him while riding him hard. Her pussy is still throbbing from cumming so hard when the dude cums in her mouth. Don’t miss the whole movie with all the episodes! 