It’s early in the morning, and he wants to have sex with a beautiful blonde who pretends like she doesn’t care. It looks like his half sleeping girlfriend wants to drive her man mad, so she turns her backside, teasing him mercilessly with her naked ass. That’s what turns her on, having a guy begging for a chance to be with her. Once she figures out it’s time to give in, blonde lets her lover touch her pussy as she knows that she is ready to do more. A smile on her face is telling him that she was teasing him all the time and that she needs his shaft as much as he wants to nail her. For now, she let him play with her, inserting his fingers all the way in her snatch. You can’t see that on her face like it’s the most natural thing for her. It’s a bit different when a guy goes down on her, licking her meat hole. He puts her hands around his bald head and starts pressing his face against her pussy, feeling his tongue into her vagina. That’s when she loses control and starts moaning. He can feel her whole body shudder violently and suddenly his face is wet with her hot juices. Now she takes the initiative. His massive cock is finally in her small hands, but soon enough, most of it is in her sweet mouth, as she is trying to take it all up her throat. She is not in a hurry as this feels like the perfect way to wake up. The real action begins once she lets him pound her tiny snatch, as they are in a doggy style position. His hot blonde girlfriend knows that’s what he wanted, so she enjoys the moment and lets him pound her balls deep. It hurts a bit as she moans and shakes uncontrollably, but there is no way she would ask her man to stop. That feeling only makes things better for this perverted bitch. Now she is on her back as hard pounding continues.   His hot hard cocks pounding in and out of her tight cunt is bliss and she orgasms almost every other minute due to his harsh fucking. He moves the naked girl around like she is a toy, and she doesn’t mind. She enjoys being used as he plays with her pussy while her small tits are bouncing up and down. It’s a different situation when she starts riding him. Now she is controlling the pace, bouncing her cute little ass on his dick like a pro, feeling comfortable while doing it. He can’t take it anymore, so he cums hard, covering her belly with thick cum. Well, that is not the end, as she needs more! Minutes later the lovers are in the living room as the naked girl is on the couch asking for more doggy style action. She is doing all the work now in a desperate attempt to come at least once more. Her tactics make him hard again as he impales her pussy deep, before making her have that orgasm she wanted. He can now finish once more, as the rest of his cum covers her face. His balls are dry now, and that’s the best way to start a day!