This teen babe was new to this whole “Hooking up” thing. It was not like she didn’t have experience with guys, but getting picked up by a famous rapper post-show was another level. After she made her way to his crib, she did not waste his time. The sexy blonde babe took off her dress, pulled down her black panties and fully naked joind the black guy in the shower. She had never seen a cock so big, at least ten inches long and three inches thick. His cock was big, black and already hard. Her small hand touched a black penis for the first time. It was hot and like a steel rod. The young naked girl encircled her fingers around it and started to rub it. In the bedroom she lay down and spread her legs apart just enough to expose her wet pussy. He started licking the girl’s pink pussy out. The girl’s mouth was watering because she couldn’t wait to get his big black cock in her mouth. She started sucking on the dude’s balls, rubbing the shaft with her soft hands and kissing his balls. They got off the bed, the girl was now on her knees, and the guy was pushing his thick meat inside of her throat. The blonde naked girl moved her head forward and backward, she spits on the dick, and when she did, she made sure that her spit lubed the cock up real good. She got way too horny, and she got on top of the dude and started shoving his giant dick inside of her tight wet pussy. She felt her little pussy was stretched to the limit. The man started moving his hips fast as fuck and caressing the girl’s clit gently with his fingers, and the girl loved what her man did. He began to thrust into her body at a swift pace, gripping her waist with his hands and pushing himself deep into her. Then, they switched positions once more, and the young naked girl started riding the man’s hard meat and kissing the dude with every stroke, all while squeezing on the dude’s pecs while moving her hips. She spread her legs, she dude gripped onto her legs tightly, and started moving his hips as fast as he possibly could. He literally turned into a human jackhammer, and this looked a bit funny, but it made the girl’s pussy feel good, so this did not matter too much to her. I love watching his big long cock going in and out of her cunt. The blonde slut started moving her hips on her own once more, and she started kissing the man hard. 