The girl had racked up a huge debt on the family credit card and her mom had noticed the sharp increase. When her stepdad found out that some of the charges were for porn, he realized he had to talk with the young lady. He walked in on her masturbating and refused to leave, lecturing her about money. After he made his way inside her room, she made sure to grab his crotch hard enough to make the guy hard, and once his meat was stiff enough, the girl started sucking on him as if he was candy. Surely there was something the little slut could give him in exchange. Her dripping wet pussy! She shoved the cock as deep as possible down her throat and made sure to keep staring at the dude straight in the eye. All whores from her school are professional cock suckers. Then the sexy teen laid down and spread her legs, and the stapdad grabbed hard onto one of her thighs and drove his huge cock deep into her young pussy with one long thrust. She screamed like a woman possessed as he rammed his ten inches of long and thick cock into her pussy. He smiled and continued to fuck her. The naked girl got on top soon enough and started riding the dude. She moaned a lot while the dick rubbed against her insides and the dude seemed to enjoy this a lot, and then she turned around and let the daddy move his own hips instead. While his thighs smacked against her cute butt, she toyed around with her own little clit and made it so that his cock went as deep inside of her as possible. The girl curled up while she was taking dick, and the stepdad made sure to keep the girl in her place while she was taking dick, which was exactly what happened. This gal slapped her teen booty while she was riding her dick, too. What a hot slut! Then they decided to do some sixty-nine, but a little twist was involved because the dude picked the tiny girl up while she was sucking him off. Then they decided to do some reverse cowgirl. The hot teen laid down and started rubbing on her gorgeous clit as the old pervert was pounding her hard. He fucked the absolute shit out of her. He was willing to forgive and forget. Watch more daddy-daughter scenes. 