Seeing as this plumber was surely exhausted from all the work he did today, it sure was nice from this woman to strip all of her clothes in front of him. Not only did she strip all of her clothes, but she got her beautiful pussy in his face. This was obviously not enough teasing for her, so she decided to put her pussy on his cock and to rub the lips against his shaft, which in return made the man shiver with pleasure. She was soo damn sexy! The horny plumber wanted to put his mighty pole inside of the woman, but this did not happen. Rather, the blonde grabbed his cock and started going up and down with her tongue all over it. She looked amazing in her pink lingerie. Then the gorgeous woman laid back, spread her legs, and she let the man return the favor. She was lost in orgasmic delight as his tongue found a gentle rhythm. Then the hot blonde got up over him and very slowly squatted down, reaching behind and leading his cock up into her eager pussy. She got his cock all up inside of her pussy, and she started moving her hips while she rubbed her clit. The man, being the stereotypical macho dude, decided that it was time for him to start moving his hips too, as he hated being passive, but the woman wanted some control for herself, and so she started to go up and down despite the man’s efforts. She held him down, and she moved her hips back and forth and up and down and made the dude’s cock 100% hers, but she was not too dominant while she was doing this, as she did not push the dude around one bit, so she just bossed him around a little bit and that was it.   The man finally pushed the hot naked woman down, spread her legs, and he started fucking her tight wet pussy hard and moving his hips slowly. He grabbed onto her neck, he got her to rub her pussy while she was getting fucked, and he occasionally grabbed onto one of her swaying titties as she was getting drilled by him. His hips were incredibly fast, without a doubt, which is why the girl could not stop shaking. He took her long blond hair in his hand and yanked her head back, slamming his dick even deeper inside her. He spread the gal’s legs, put her on the back this time, and he held her legs up in the air as he was filling her insides up. He moved his hips slowly, he filled her insides up completely, and the girl was absolutely in love what he was doing to her. Her gorgeous body pressed tight to his frame and her legs wrapped around his butt. However, even though what he was doing was getting way too intense for the average person, he did not stop to rest one second, and the woman appreciated his efforts. The sexy blonde moaned loudly, she got back on all fours and started taking dick from her man once more, but with even more enthusiasm. He grabbed her neck and her boobs after some pounding and her he kissed her hard. The girl put the upper part of the body on the ground, and she let the pleasure take her away.