If there’s one thing that my girlfriend is good at is surprises. Although at first there was no reason or event going on for me to expect some sort of hot surprise from her. One day she decided to bring over her hot best friend to have some fun. Her best friend arrived and the girls ignored me and ran off into the next room, leaving me feeling left out. I went to spy and saw them doing a cam show! I freaked out but my girlfriend disarmed me by offering me a double blowjob!!! Who the hell knew that my girlfriend would be up for such an adventure. I thought that she was all for monogamy and shit but here she is with her best friend looking for a hot threesome. The moment I saw the girls pulling my cock out of my pants I knew it would be the best day in my life. They were both on their knees in front of me. My girlfriend’s hand was gripping my hard-on, stroking it in front of her bestfriend’s face, without much hurry. She had never seen a cock so big. It was an impressive penis! My girl told her to open her mouth and she grabbed my cock and fed it to her!!! It looked like my girl didn’t mind to separate the sex and love. I didn’t want to stop my babe from doing what she wanted so I let her friend suck on it as much as she wanted to. I jammed my cock down her friend’s throat. My babe moved her hands down and rubbed my heavy cum filled balls. “lick his balls, suck them!” the friend followed instructions like a good little slut. Her friend was awesome with her oral skills and beautiful eyes. The girl moaned hearing my girlfriend tell her what to do. The girls sucked it well and they took turns too so that they ended up sucking an equal amount of the time. OMG both girls were amazing. Double blowjob was so new and exciting for me to be completely honest with you. I kept on going with this until the girls wanted me to fuck them or rather my girlfriend wanted to see me pound her best friend! I couldn’t believe my damn luck and I ended up fucking them both and fucking them really well for that matter.   The girls were fully involved in pleasuring me with their cunts. Watching her man fuck another woman was turning my girlfriend on. Watching another woman play with her man, watching her suck on her boyfriend’s cock and riding it in front of her. To see my face, my eyes closing in pleasure as I experienced a new pussy for the first time in years. The naked girls turned around with their asses facing towards me and told me to fuck their cunts from behind. As they got closer to orgasm, they began to dirty talk more. The girls continued to explore each other’s body. Gentle caresses had let to face sitting. When I fucked her friend in the missionary position my babe straddled her face and lowered her wet cunt into her obedient open mouth. She sucked her clit into her mouth and my horny girlfriend rode her face. I fucked them as they’ve never been fucked before, including my girlfriend and believe me when I say that I’ve had some really hardcore fucks with her. I ended up cumming all over their faces and the naked girls loved kissing with my cum on their faces.