I love my girlfriend. We’ve been together for a while now, and everything is perfect. Still, one thing bothers me, and that’s her sister. Whenever I come around, she looks annoyed, like she has something against me. I tried not to pay too much attention to it, but slowly it became the elephant in the room. It bothers me every time I stumble upon her, feeling guilty while having no idea what is her problem. Finally, I figured it out – she was jealous! The little slut can hear us fucking all the time while she is alone and goes to bed crying while masturbating. Next time we met in the laundry room, she was in thongs! Her ass was so nice and round and just jiggled so nicely. It was the perfect example of a big bubble butt. I’ve always been fascinated by women with big butts. I stared at her ass for longer than I should have, my penis growing in my pants. I could tell that this busty beauty just wanted to get a little dirty and was in need of a big cock to suck and fuck. The sexy babe was on her knees putting a load of laundry in the washing machine. I’d probably never see her gorgeous ass again. At that moment I thought about touching it, squeezing it, jiggling her ass cheeks. Her amazing ass was right in front of me and my hand moved to it. I thought she might scream but she surprised my by giggling. I didn’t know how far my girlfriend’s sister was going to let me go. The thong was buried deep between her ass cheeks, I slowly pulled them down. They stuck a little between her cheeks and I could tell why: her pussy was very wet. There was no need for foreplay, as I slid my dick in her tight pussy. She smiled and I continued shoving my dick in her from behind. I started going deep in seconds as she was moaning like crazy. I figured out is that her sister was never this horny. This was so wrong, but at the same time it made everything better. While I was drilling her doggy style, the horny little slut already came for the first time. Finally, I shoved my shaft in her mouth, just out of curiosity. I could imagine she will be able to handle it well, but she exceeded my expectations. This looked more like brutal throatfucking, as she seemed like a girl who didn’t have a dick for a while. She had a few more surprises, so she finally showed me her massive tits! Of course I noticed before she has a nice rack, but it’s different when you see them in their full glory. They are almost twice as big as those on my girlfriend.   They might be sisters, but at the same time, they are so different. Tit fucking had to be next, but I know she needs it back in her unshaven snatch. Watching her melons going up and down while she was riding my dick is one of the most beautiful moments of my life. She looked so thankful that I felt like I was doing a good deed. Every time she came, she had to tell me that, and whatever I did, she was happy with it. Even when my finger was in her tight butt hole, she didn’t mind that. I kept fucking her doggy style and her big, beautiful, perfect ass was in all glory. The fact that she was thin with a small waist made her butt look that much bigger. The naked girl even spread her big plump butt cheeks wide open with her hands for me. I think we both knew this would happen again every time her sister is not around. Maybe you’ll judge me, but look at her and tell me you would act differently. Would you leave this beautiful girl without a dick? I knew the finish has to be impressive, so I emptied my balls on her face, covering it while she tasted the cum sucking my pulsating cock like a lollipop.