This stunning black lesbian is trying to get her pussy licked by her girlfriend, but sadly, she is way too busy playing video games. It’s already soaking wet, aching for fingers, tongue… ANYTHING! She strips her girlfriend’s clothes off, slowly pulling her panties down and starts playing with her ebony pussy. The girl tries to keep playing video games when her girlfriend keeps rubbing her clit. In moment she is wracked with a strong orgasm, an amazing squirting orgasm! Time to turn this solo match into a duo full of scissoring, spitting, and licking to find out which of these ebony goddesses will cum out of this tight lesbian royale as champion? She wants more, she pushes her horny girlfriend to the floor and puts her wet pussy on her face. The submissive girl is more than happy to get a pussy all up in her face, and so she starts eating her girlfriend out and rubbing her clit at the same time, all while laughing. The teen lesbian tastes her juices as they begin leaking into her mouth. It’s heavenly! Her pussy is very sensitive after the first squirting orgasm, the naked black girl makes her girlfriend lay down on the back and starts eating her out, teasing her labia, and sucking her clit and rubbing it gently with her fingers. At times, she will focus on nothing but licking the pussy and rubbing her clit gently. This gets her seriously wet. Then, she puts her lesbian girlfriend down on the floor and gets her legs up in the air and starts eating her pussy out like so. She alternates between licking her pussy and her butthole. The teen lesbian tongue fucks her pussy, lapping the juices out of the depths of her cunt. She bends her girl over the bed and spreads her cheeks, her tongue sloppily circles the asshole. However, not only did this turn out to be something that’s too much to take for the babe getting her cake hole licked, but it also forced her to switch sides, and she ended up becoming the one who was licking ass now. What happened next is something amazing! One of the lesbians started to squirt all over her girlfriend’s face!!! She screamed in pleasure. Her girlfriend laughed, this was so much fun. She smiled in delight enjoying getting squirted in the face, her juices into her mouth. Then two naked girls scissored each other and started grinding their dripping pussies against each other. 