This sexy babe was getting prepared for her husbands gala event when she discovered her pearl necklace had gone missing. The butler overheared them as they decided to check the helps bags and once he was alone he entered her room to replace the stolen necklace. The woman caught him and pressed him up against the wall, but she did not let the dude leave, nor did she even consider this for one second. She would not let him go without getting that cock of his inside of her holes. How about a sloppy wet blowjob and fucking her tight juicy pussy? The hot babe started sucking the dick and stroking the shaft all while looking the dude dead in the eye. However, while the couple was fucking, the annoying husband ended up showing up in the room while his wife was taking dick from another man. They talked for a while, the tension built up quite a bit, and after a few minutes passed, the man left, and his wife could now cheat in peace. The beautiful naked woman laid down on the bed, she spread her legs, and she let the butler eat her out nicely. All of her pussy juices were in his mouth now. This turned the man up, and so he put the gorgeous babe down on all fours and decided that it was time for him to pound her tight wet pussy. He moved his hips slowly while the woman made sure to move her own body quite quickly. She moaned loudly while taking dick and she enjoyed every single stroke that she received. This babe is a SEX GODDESS. With his hands around her slim waist he could pound her gorgeous pussy deep and hard. His hands were clutching her waist as he drove his huge cock deep into her cunt. His hips slammed against her butt as they fucked and he even pulled on her arm as she was taking all these strokes, but soon enough it was obvious that her pussy got way too tired, and seeing as her vagina probably tightened up way too much to take dick, she decided to push the man down on the bed. From this point on, she was letting her tight coochie rest while she was sucking the dude’s dick. The beautiful naked babe took it deep down inside her throat, lubing the entire thing up nicely, and she loved every single second. When her pussy got some rest, she put it on the dude once more and gave him some reverse cowgirl fucking.   This must have been a very special treat for the dude, seeing as the wife had an amazing fat ass, and she knew how to work it for sure. Those big cheeks surely were something else, without a doubt. Grunting with each downward hip thrust, she slammed her ass down, my cock impaling her body. I love seeing her cum all over a big fat dick. Then, he got the naked woman face to face in front of him, he wrapped his arms around her, started rubbing her butt hole with one finger, and made sure to move his hips as fast as he could, and then, the woman started putting in some work as well, but this wasn’t intense enough for the couple, so the dude got the woman to turn around, he wrapped his arms around the girl’s body, he put one hand on the titty, other hand on the pussy, and started pounding the woman hard as fuck once more, but this time the girl moved her hips as well, and it worked out for them really well.