Busty brunette has been frustrated for some time. Her boyfriend is not paying much attention to her and sex with him has become a rare occasion. Luckily, she knows his good friend is coming today, so she made a brilliant plan to catch his attention. While her boyfriend is watching TV, the sexy girl shows his bearded buddy her collection of sex toys. He can’t believe what is going on but chooses not to make a fuss about it. Once she shows him her naked ass, he finds an excuse to leave to the room and join her. The sexy naked girl is already in the bathroom toying her snatch, and when she saw him in front of the door, of course, she dragged him in. She was a sight to see with her massive tits and a big tattoo on the back. While a plug was still in her pussy, she was on her knees sucking his dick, trying to deepthroat. The horny slut was looking him straight in his eyes, like telling he could do with her whatever he wants. What he wanted was to nail her meat hole, and the girl didn’t mind that at all. He is much bigger than her boyfriend, so that made things even better. Still, they had to stop as her boyfriend was at the bathroom door, checking what’s going on. Luckily, he didn’t figure out things, but they decided to sneak to the bedroom. He ripped her pants, giving her the idea that she is in for rough fucking. His dick is again deep in her pussy fucking her doggy style. She pushes her fat ass back as hard as she can to meet his powerful thrusts. He’s slamming his hard, long, thick meat deep into her hot pussy rapidly. The crazy slut sucks a purple dildo, soon enough his man meat is in her mouth before she starts riding him. Her vulva and her boobies look wonderful! She is very proud about taking it balls deep, and they both forgot that her boyfriend is still around.   Even he saw them, she wouldn’t care. As he is unable to provide, why should she stop having sex? At least she is doing it with his buddy and not some unknown guy. Still, the bearded guy would rather keep this a secret, so when his buddy is again at the door, he manages to convince him that he has to take an important call. This is insane because, at the same time, busty brunette is sucking his rod. She’s so perfect. Cute face, nice ass and all natural. Amazing dick sucking skills. Now that they are alone again, the hot naked girl is in reverse cowgirl position, bouncing on his dick and enjoying every second. Still, they don’t have much time, so he has to finish. Brunette is again on her knees as he starts covering her face with cum. It’s a beautiful sight as she even swallowed some of it, while the rest is running down her face and hair. Still, her annoying dude is back as he finally figures out what is going on. They locked him in the bedroom like a loser he is. She doesn’t care about him anymore now that she found a guy who can respect her needs and enjoys spending quality time with her, like a real man! Don’t miss more sneaky sex scenes with the hottest naked girls!