My dad married another woman last year, and as a special present, I’ve got a stepsister. She is a gorgeous young blonde with a nice pair of tits, so at the same time, I felt both happiness and sadness. You have a hot chick running around your house half naked all the time, but it would still be wrong trying to get in her panties. Moreover she already had a boyfriend. Today we were home alone, and while I was doing my usual stuff, I’ve heard a moaning from her room. It was a sight to be seen as she was butt naked on her bed, playing with her snatch. My naked stepsister had her hand on her pussy, rubbing furiously at her clit. She was fingering it like crazy, but then she saw me watching her! She must have been embarrassed about the whole situation, but when I offered her my services, she was up for it. You see, she planned to have first sex with her boyfriend in the evening, but she was afraid because she lacks experience. I played it cool, but my God, I couldn’t believe this is happening. My naked sister lay in front of me, spreading her legs so that her cute pussy was right in front of my face. I touched her pubic hair and slipped my finger tips over her clit and then into her wet slit. I started by fingering her snatch, as I thought it would be a good idea to make her come. I slowly moved my finger in and out, feeling her tight pussy wetting it. Then my naked sister climbed ontop of me, lowering her pussy onto my face. I stuck out my tongue and she began moving her pussy back and forth. She spread her pussy lips as she rode my lips. Her pussy was so juicy, my mouth was watering. Licking her pussy was joy, as her juices were running over my face. Later that day she was again parading in front of me, this time not wearing any panties. She fingered her lovely pussy in front of me, knowing it will drive me nuts. Next lesson I had for her was dick sucking.   My 18 year old stepsister might have been inexperienced, but she was doing it good “I watched a lot of porn,” she said before she filled her mouth with my shaft. Her sweet mouth on my cock was absolute heaven. I couldn’t take it too long, so I came straight into her mouth as she swallowed it all! My sister was mad at me, but later she came back, feeling that it’s finally the time to drill her tiny pussy. I promised I’ll take thing slowly, as I had no idea what she can do. I couldn’t believe it, but while she was on top of me, my schlong was already balls deep inside of her. Maybe she is a natural talent, but I didn’t care. Once I was inside of her, the only thing on my mind was to keep doing this as long as possible. It’s hard to describe how good it feels to do something that’s considered forbidden love, and I can’t even imagine what would happen if someone would find out about this. My hot stepsis was determent to make me cum. As we were both at the end of our strength, this time, she insisted that I come in her mouth, as she swallowed it all with a smile on her face. I love my slutty stepsis!