As a casting director for TeamSkeet I meet a lot of girls, so no matter how beautiful they look, it’s all a bit of routine for me by now. Still, when this skinny brunette teen entered my office, I was genuinely interested. The amateur girl stripped down in seconds and changed her outfit into something ever more skimpy before I made sure that she knows what’s about the happen. She was here for the hardcore casting as I gave her the complete freedom to choose a way how to make me hard. The idea behind that is to make her feel relaxed, but also to check out her skills. This girl does things a bit different, so she rubbed my dick off her hard nipples before she started sucking me. I was quite shocked when she was able to deepthroat it so quickly, even though I was already rock hard by that point. I loved her cute little face sucking on my dick. What a fresh, natural, teen. Very nice. She pulled her panties down and came closer so I could play with her pussy. Her pussy lips were puffy and engorged. She was shaven, wet and swollen. This sexy slim newbie started to part her lips and I saw her clit, I touched it and she shivered. She was super sexy. I like skinny girls. She already was dripping wet. That was I sign that I should start drilling her pussy. The young naked girl stretched out her long slim legs until her young cunt pushed up against my dick. She opened her legs wider and, having easily slipped into her I began slowly pumping her beautiful body. The naked girl began a quick rhythm, watching my dick penetrate her skinny pussy. The amateur teen was more than capable of taking my whole dick inside of her snatch before it was back in her mouth. This little slut wanted to taste her pussy juices but also prove that she could deepthroat me anytime. She sucked my dick teasing every of cum out of my ball sack at the same time. Next thing I know, she rode my shaft like a pro, so I figured out that this girl has a lot of experience and a potential to be a full-time porn star. My seal of approval was the moment I sprayed her face with my semen, telling her that she is hired. Good thing she swallowed my load. She needs all the protein she can get. 