In the last couple of weeks, the little brunette spinner has no idea what’s got into her. Everything she sees her older step brother, her pussy is getting wet and she as hard time controlling her urges. The 18 yera old playful teen is following him everywhere he goes, but that couldn’t last forever. He saw her watching his dick as he was naked in the bathroom, and wasn’t pleased about it. He never saw her as anything else but his little sister, but things have changed. That’s why he taught it would be the best idea to teach her a lesson. Somebody had to discipline her pussy. He caught her and threw her on his bed, stripping down her clothes in a matter of seconds. She will either run away scared or will stay until the end. It seems that she is a brave little slut, so he continues treating her like the one. He tied her hands and legs, making her his sex slave. Her face might look innocent, but her dripping pussy tells a different story. “This is turning me on stepbrother,” she told him before he used a vibrator to make her come for the first time. Her little pussy squirted and now it was wet with her juices. Now it was time for her to get a taste of his large shaft finally. As the young naked girl filled her mouth with his man meat, he grabbed her pigtails and started fucking her throat. She likes it rough, at least telling by the smile on her face. Finally, he throws her back on the bed and starts impaling her pussy. His eyes widened as her hot, tight pussy engulfed him, taking his full length. Of course, she could take it deep as she screamed that she was already coming. She is so tiny and tight down there that it turns him into an animal who won’t stop until she can’t take it anymore. Her stepbrother began slamming hard, incredibly deep thrusts into her. Young naked girl shook with the most incredible orgasm of her life. She thrashed wildly on the bed as a thunderous orgasm shook her. When he starts drilling her doggy style, he goes even deeper and more intense, as she comes again while shaking uncontrollably. He grabbed her both pigtails and pounded into her from behind, slamming his body into hers with each thrust. His young naked sister was screaming. He even slaps her tiny ass while she is masturbating. After a few minutes, she came in a riotous quake. The girl almost collapsed in exhaustion.   Then she starts riding him. What a sight – a young tiny teen with pigtails impaled by his fat shaft, turning her into a full-time slut. Her screams and moans fill the house as she can’t think straight anymore. “Oh… ohhh. Ohhhhh.” her voiced tremored with orgasmic pleasure. His sister couldn’t take it anymore as she collapsed on top of him. He was now focused intently on destroying her little pussy with his cock. Every ounce of energy he had, all his power went into slamming his hard dick upwards and deep into her sopping wet pussy. “Fuck me hard… Fuck my tiny pussy… Please.” The girl felt his cock throbbing to a explosion, full of feeling and ecstasy and even pain, a climax of sensation that couldn’t be explained in words. He was slamming into her pumping her full of cum with each thrust. He pulled out his hot cock leaving a huge creampie in her cunt. She spasmed and shook as his cock popped out of her sloppy wet pussy. Cum streaked down her crack. His naked sister wanted him to keep fucking her. He took his still rock-hard dick in his hand, rubbed the swollen glans up and down her wet groove for a moment and then pressed forward. He kept fucking her forcing his cum back into her womb! Their parents are often away for weeks, so her dirty mind can already see the future that’s filled with lots of hard sex. 