This gorgeous Phone Sex operator finds herself in the idle of a bizarre situation when a mysterious, silent caller infiltrates her life. After receiving many calls at the company, she gets called while at her home. She calls the cops and waits for their Agent, Bruce, to arrive. When the door bell rings, she grabs a knife, ready to defend herself from her mysterious stalker. Fortunately it’s just agent Bruce, with a representative of the Phone Sex Company where she works at, Elle. While Bruce sweeps the house to make sure nobody has sneaked in, Elle stays with her downstairs. The blonde tells her that she has been receiving calls from this crazy bitch too. What a coincidence! Elle knows the hot Phone Sex operator makes good money with her gig, but she found a way to make even more and wants to show her how, asking her to accompany her to the bedroom. There, she shows her some sexy lace lingerie and helps her get naked. The Phone Sex operator is not just intrigued, but flushed and excited as well. The teen babe tries on the sexy lingerie as Elle presents her with her business model, using her body to make lots of money and leaves her with the paper work to go over it. The gorgeous blonde comes closer to her and the girls start kissing. She strips down to her sexy lingerie and they get on bed for a hot lesbian sex session. The sexy blonde woman has fantastic soft breasts and her pink nipples are so hard and erect as the girl plays with them with her silky tongue. She slides down her body and spreads her legs wide open, sinking her tongue into her meaty gash and eating her out. Elle touches herself and feels her tits while her lover stimulates her gushing cunt with her skilled mouth. Bruce walks into them smack in the middle of their girl on girl sex session and Elle invites him to join them for a hot threesome fuck. Both hot naked girls take turns with his delicious member, sucking and stroking it and licking his big balls as well. Agent Bruce is definitely packing heat, he is armed and sexy!   The young naked girl eats his member while the hot blonde plays with her pussy. She deep throats the agent’s meaty gun as the Phone Sex girl plays with her ass and twat. She gets down on all fours and eats Elle out while getting her tight pussy plowed doggy style from behind by Bruce. She watches Elle climb on top of him and ride his big dick while she spreads her butt cheeks wide open and watches that enormous sausage stuffing the blonde’s tight clam. She takes her place, impaling herself on that rod and riding it in reverse cowgirl position, feeling Elle’s hands all over her hot naked body. Both naked women moan simultaneously as he keeps pounding into their creamy cunts. At the end these crazy bitches suck the guy off and get their faces sprayed with cum.