After a few months on the lam, Abigail has adjusted to her new domestic life with her unsuspecting spouse but this guy is on the prowl and he’s really close to finding out where the escaped inmate is. The woman plays the perfect homemaker until he tracks her down and the moment she sees him holding the picture of her mugshot, she knows that she’s in a real pickle and that she’ll need to do whatever she needs to in order to escape this situation. Moreover it’s been a while since this hot babe has had a proper fuck… She lets him grope her ass and boobs and take off her clothes before slamming her to the ground so that she can get a taste of his big bulging cock. She can’t believe the size of it and she immediately starts salivating at the thought of sucking on it. It doesn’t take long before those thoughts become a reality and she starts bobbing her head back and forth as a complete slut. She loves taking it really hard and like the true slut that she is she can’t wait to get even more than just a blowjob. The hot babe lifts her leg on the kitchen counter, pulls her dress up over her ass, exposing her ass, pulls her thong panties aside and wiggls her perfect ass towards him. He is more than ready to sink his cock deep into her wet cunt but unfortunately her husband comes back. The dude quickly hides behind the table, out of sight and gets a great location to lick her cunt from behind when she continues to talk to her husband. When he leaves the kitchen the crazy slut spreads her legs for her lover and he starts fucking her. He thrusts in with the force of a dozen black dudes with huge cocks and she can definitely feel the force. She loves it and can’t wait for him to fuck her even harder. They go through all the different positions before she reaches climax and he cums all over her. This beautiful young naked woman looks super hot with cum on her pretty face! Abigail is the hottest fuck around. Her body is perfection and I love her pussy with the perfect amount of hair. Definitely one of the best porn scenes. Beautiful body, hot and especially when she fuck with heels. 