Lizzy is a lesbian and since her girlfriend Adriana is bisexual, she is concerned she might be considering turning sides on her so she decides to contact Cheater Busters and put her to the test. Is she a loyal lesbian, or does she crave a huge cock? After setting up hidden cameras, they send straight stud Charles over to seduce Lizzy’s girlfriend while she’s waiting for her. He’s throwing his best pickup lines but Adriana just doesn’t seem to bite. Thing is, she isn’t just bisexual, she is bi-curious, and her curiosity gets the best of her and she finally succumbs to Charles’ charms and his massive cock. She takes it in her hands and strokes it, feeling how big and hard it gets just a few inches from her mouth. Lizzy thinks her girlfriend will be able to resist the temptation… until she watches Adriana pushing that cock in her wet mouth and smearing it all over her face. He grabs her by her hair and holds her head firm while fucking her mouth brutally and the slut passes her hands all over her body, feeling her breasts and her nipples hardening up under the onslaught of that big throbbing erection relentlessly force fucking her throat. The drool drips down her chin and soaks her top and she loves it. Her denim skirt is hiked up, exposing her pussy as she sits spread legged and getting mouth fucked by the man. Hot dam I love that type of shit. Balls slapping her chin as he fucks her face! Yes! She rubs her muff while she chokes and gags on his tool, drenching his dick and balls with her saliva. She rubs the saliva on her tits and spreads her legs, shoving his face between them so he can eat her out. Her pussy is dripping wet for his tongue and his big dick. The girl even puts him in a head lock so his tongue can burrow deep inside her clam! She is a total shameless cock slut! He sits on the couch and the naked girl straddles herself on top, pushing his big dick inside her tight pussy. “Ohhhh fuck your cock feels so fucking good. push your cock harder into my cunt you bastard … make my pussy cum all over your gorgeous cock.” She yells. “Don’t stop … fuck me hard … ohhhh yeaaa … harder” she screamed as her body bucked up and down.   The hot slut rides him in cowgirl position while he grabs her ass with his hands and squeezes her butt cheeks. She kicks off her shoes and now she is totally naked except for the choker Lizzy gave her as a gift and a token of their love. So much for that, LOL! He fucks her mouth and throat some more and makes Adriana produce lots of saliva to drench his cock and balls. She’s begging for every inch to pound into her sweet pussy as she moans in ecstasy. He pins her shoulders down and pile drive fucks her twat, making this bitch see starts as he plows her like no lesbian ever could. She gets on her belly and juts her ass up so he can penetrate and fuck her from behind while on top of her, pushing her against the couch. On her back, the hot naked girl gets fucked back into straightness by Charles and his big hard cum filled cock… At the end her girlfriend is forced to watch her swallow his cum. She collapses on the floor with cum dripping off her face, she never came with her girlfriend like that.