Last Monday was a stressful day for me. I lost my job because they caught me watching porn. I felt devastated so when my stepdaughter came home, she tried to cheer me, maybe her sweet mouth will do the trick? I suspected she had a crush on me for a while. Her little hands pulled my pants down and my hard fat cock sprang out. My slutty step daughter began licking my cock like she was eating ice cream on a hot summer’s day. I felt my cock begin to throb from the sweet attention it was receiving. I could feel my shaft growing inside of her mouth as it was getting harder for her to take it all, but I helped her, as I fucked her throat. Her mouth slipped off my cock and slide easily down my shaft to my balls. The horny little slut slowly ran her tongue over my tender balls before she sucked one of them into her mouth.I started fucking her cute face until I filled her mouth with my cum which she quickly swallowed. She was right, this made me feel a lot better, but our session was cut short as she figured her mom would be back home at any moment. Still, this was just the beginning. The next day we tried something else. My stepdaughter had a blindfold as I gave her my fat rod once again. My little whore said she missed it, but what she wanted now was to drill her pussy. We just started, and my shaft was already filling her snatch, going balls deep. That wasn’t enough for her. As she was lying on her bed, I started chocking her. “Fuck me like a little slut I am,” she told me, approving my actions. Where did she learn all that? She played with her shaved pussy while I was still pounding her. I could imagine her loving double penetration and even a gangbang. Still, my shaft was more than enough to satisfy her needs as I came in her little pussy. fuck!! her young perfect body was insane!!! A few days ago we did it again. She came to me wearing short shorts with a smile on her face, begging me to fuck her. I was afraid her mom would catch us one time or another, so we made a deal. We’re going to do it, but this will be the last time. I was not sure if the horny teen would keep the promise, but that was still better than nothing. She told me that my dick was perfect for her snatch and that younger guys had no idea how to fuck her properly. Her dirty talk was top notch.   All other young girls need to take lessons on how to “fuck me daddy” like her. Fucking her doggy style was awesome. Love this tanned, tone beauty. LOVE THIS PLUMP ASS! She wants and takes it like a champ. Daddy Likes! Her 18 year old pussy was incredibly tight and hugged my cock snugly. The young naked girl climbed over me and lowered her hairless slit down on to my cock slowly. She rhythmically bucked her waist and rode me with her full body weight. The feeling of her pussy was amazing as it slid up and down my rod warm and wet and tight. My slutty stepdaughter also rode me reverse cowgirl with her perfect ass towards my face. I was raising my hips to meet her on her way down. My hands were sliding around her ass to help pull her all the way down. Only after she came half a dozen times, I pulled out my boner from her snatch and covered her face, feeling that my balls are dry. I have no idea will she keep her promise, but maybe I’ll break mine!