This mature man is surprised when the hot foreign cougar he’s dating shows up at his place early in the morning with her daughter in tow. She’s a sexy brunette teen girl with long silky jet black hair and a tight nubile body, looking cute and hot in her top, denim shorts and cotton socks over her knees. You know when they have those thigh-high cheerleader socks on that you’re gonna have a good time. His girlfriend wants to drop her at his place for a couple of days so she can work some personal stuff out. He’s okay with it and agrees to take her in for the weekend. At night, the teenage slut shows up in his bedroom and asks if she can sleep with him instead of all alone in her bedroom. What’s the harm, right? She wants to show her appreciation for letting her stay over and she’s also quite curious about older, more mature and experienced men and so he finds himself getting his dick blown by his girlfriend’s teen daughter! She gives him a sloppy blowjob, drenching his dick with her warm saliva while stuffing her mouth with it. The hot teen takes him all in her mouth, fucking his cock with her mouth. The way she strokes his member while deepthroating it makes him blow his load in her mouth. She’s more than happy to receive his creamy jizz in her mouth, much unlike her mom! She even swallows it all, down to the last drop! The next morning they have breakfast together and after they are done it looks like she is still hungry for sausage and hard boiled eggs, judging by the way she massages his throbbing bulge over his pants! The sexy teen girl takes them off so she can give him a sensual morning blowjob, getting his dick as hard as a rock. She swallows it whole, all the way down to the base. But today she wants more than just sucking his dick and swallowing his cum, he wants the old man to fuck her raw! The young girl strips naked and leans over the kitchen table as he pushes his hard cock deep inside her tight teen clam and begins fucking her hard from behind, nailing her against the table. He sits her on the table and spreads her legs so he can eat her out.   The naked girl wraps her arms around her cute little ass and pulls her damp cunt into his face. Her young pussy and her body are so much tighter than her mother’s. She throws her leg over his shoulder and he rams his cock back inside her wet muff, pounding her hard on top of the kitchen table where they just ate breakfast together. He lies down on the table and she straddles herself on top, squatting over his big dick and impaling her tight cunt on it, riding her mom’s mature boyfriend in reverse cowgirl position. His cock is feeling the effects of her tight pussy squeezing against it. He pushes it in her lovely pussy faster and harder, grunting and moaning the sensations on his cock increases. He massages her teen cunt and her clit while stuffing her pussy with that big fat cock and they both hope her mother spends several days tending to her personal business so they can keep fucking like crazy and he can cum in her mouth and all over her body over and over…