Some days you remember for the rest of your life, and that was the case when I met this crazy chick from Chicago. She came here with her girlfriend who films all of their adventures. This young brunette is an exhibitionist, so even when the girls went to ride on the rollercoaster, she had to flesh her titties and tight ass. I saw them at the parking lot giggling like crazy, so I came to see what’s going on. This girl was so open about everything that I thought I should give it a shot and ask the girls both to come home with me. I still don’t know what got into me, but since they agreed, I can only be proud of myself now. Next moment I know, we were in my bedroom as she was unzipping my pants and playing with my balls. “They are not sweaty,” she said to her friend before she took it in her mouth, watching straight into my eyes. I had to encourage her as she was doing an amazing job already, almost choking on my shaft. I can’t remember that I was this hard ever before. I had to take the initiative, so I ripped her pantyhose and started kissing her ass cheeks. She loved the attention, and I surprised her once I spit on her butthole. “You picked the naughty one,” she said with a smile on her face, like telling me it’s perfectly OK. Her friend was still around with a camera in her hands, and the fact that a girl is watching us made everything better. I started exploring her pussy too, rubbing it and preparing for what’s about to come. My tongue was now deep inside of her snatch, tasting her juices while she was enjoying every moment. It was finally the time to drill her pussy, as she looked so thankful for every single moment I spent inside of her. The most fun I had was once the naked girl was on top of me, riding my schlong cowgirl style with her fat ass. The sound of her ass bouncing off my balls was the sweetest music to my ears, as I slapped her ass cheeks. I reached around her and grabbed two handfuls of her thick ass. I gave it a shake, feeling the weight of it in my hands.   She wouldn’t mind that, as she loved her a sex a bit rougher. Her impressive deepthroating skills proved that to me. Then she stood over me and lowered her waiting cunt to my mouth. We were doing sixty-nine and my face was between her ass cheeks, god what juices, I explored every bit of her delicious pussy as my hands spread her thick buttocks. Sometimes everything feels so right as I loved everything about her pussy. Feeling my dick inside of her warm mouth was an unforgettable experience that turned me into a wild animal, so I started invading her pussy again, going balls deep into her cunt. She didn’t mind that at all, coming once again before I pulled my shaft out and covered her face, emptying my balls. She has to go back home tomorrow, but I’ll know she’ll come back!