It is very well known that men lose their shit when they are confronted with a fat butt or a big pair of titties. This scientific study is supposed to figure out what happens in a male’s brain when he gets a fat ass all up in his face. As expected, the results are rather dramatic. The gear starts blowing up the closer the woman gets, and when she presses her ass against the dude’s dick, the machines absolutely stop working, and the scientist who was conducting the research gets super pissed, and so the girl gets him out of the room so that the could fuck the dude right there on the spot. The hot babe gets his cock out, she slobs all over it, and she teases the guy for a while but then she starts using her boobs on him. She closes the distance, applies more pressure to the lucky lad’s penis and then starts rubbing it while she makes out with her man. The babe is also quick to get her ass up on the dude’s dick, and when she finally does so, she only teases the dude for a minute or so, and then she puts the cock inside of the ass and starts going up and down. Her butt hole grips the dude’s dick so hard that the can’t help himself, so he starts moaning loudly, and even losing control of his body. His head goes back every time the girl decides to move her hips a bit faster, which is completely reasonable; it’s not as if any other man would do better than him. The naked babe bends over completely, puts her hands on the floor, and starts bouncing her big fat ass on the dude’s cock and making the cheeks clap for him. This isn’t enough for the horny couple, so the girl decides to get on top of her partner. This time she has all the control she wants, and so she starts moving her hips wildly, working the dude’s hard member like never before. The hot naked babe goes up and down, he squeezes onto her body and helps her go fast. Eventually, he gets her down on the ground and starts fucking her from the back. The research has proven that men go absolutely nuts when confronted by a hot babe…which isn’t that much of a surprise.  