This girl is just wandering around the city and she’s trying to get a car to pull over. She wants to get to a park but it’s a long way away, and she really has no other method of transportation but her feet and hitchhiking. Eventually, I saw her and decided to stop for her. She is really grateful that I stopped for her and we chat for a bit and I invited her in. We drove off to the park since it’s a beautiful day and I had nothing better to do. The girl seems to be interested to find out how I operate with a moving trailer house. I explained things to her pretty simply but she keeps on being more and more curious. The teen girl wants to know what I do when I want some alone time or when I want to bring a girl over. Well, I told her that I manage just fine. This isn’t enough for her though and she wants me to demonstrate it to her. I don’t have a problem with that so I got her on her knees and pulled out my cock. She can’t believe how big it is and she starts sucking away. The teen girl sucks on it so well that I got hard within seconds of her starting it. The little slut put my dick on her forehead and my balls in her mouth and started sucking them and massaging my rod with her hand. I had never met a chick that loved the dirty, filthy sex like her. That 18 year old whore deepthroated me and did just about anything that you would want a hot bitch like her to do with your cock. Man, I was ready to cumm, but she spat my dick out, pushed me onto my back and stepped over to straddle me. Within a moment she aimed my cock into her wet cunt and lowered herself. There was not encountering no resistance, only the delicious sensation of her tight pussy clasping around me. Her little pussy was unshaven, of course, in a little V shape. I thrust my hips up forcing my hard cock into her teen cunt, she moaned and began to thrust herself up and down. I fucked her in missionary but then we switched over to doggy style. I loved watching her ass impaled on my cock. Harder! Fuck me fuck me fuck me. I want it all! Deeper. 