When their roommate gives her a few seemingly innocent comments in front of her girlfriend, this naturally leads to a rise in tension and jealousy. Well, this sexy girl doesn’t see it. She heads off to enjoy a nice relaxing shower away from the drama with her girlfriend. When you think of a young naked girl taking a shower, probably something like the girl in this video springs to mind. This babe just loves stroking her body as she’s taking a shower and we love watching her do it. Except halfway through, thw shower breaks down. Well, that’s fine, their roommate’s shower works, right? Her soapy body is the perfect thing to see and it’s almost as if you could feel that you’re there with her. Everyone sure wishes that they were, but there’s one person that might just get the chance with that. Her blonde roommate walked in on her as she was exiting the shower and drying herself off with a towel and saw her naked. The naked girl didn’t notice until a few seconds have passed and then she covered herself. Little did she know that her blonde roommate is a complete and utter lesbian and she would do anything to get a hold of some of that amazing pussy. She approached her and quickly seduced her with a lean in and kiss. The girls started making out hard and it wasn’t long after that they started to lick each others’ tits. The teen lesbians licked each other like it was something that they did regularly and you could tell that the brunette wasn’t all that naive either. She was really getting into with her tongue action and you already knew that she was about to get even dirtier with some cunnilingus action as well. She went down on her once the naked girls went to their bedroom and both of them licked the other one’s pussy. This wasn’t enough for them and they decided to have some scissoring action as well. The young lesbians scissored together, grinding their pussies against each other, banging their clits against each other and you could tell that the girls were having an amazing time with all the hot sexy moans leaving their mouths. 