I love going shopping with my friend Ashley. She loves that she has a completely platonic friend to accompany her… Today she was trying out some sexy outfits and I was in the changing rooms to accompany her and check out all the different outfits that she wanted to try on and so that she can get my opinion as well. She said that I shouldn’t peek while she’s changing but I did it anyway. I know that she’s a slut and that she doesn’t actually mind when I look. Ashley tried on all sorts of sexy lingerie and I got to see her change in and out of her lingerie set and check out her naked body in the process. She tried on this one purple piece of lingerie that was so irresistible that even she had a hard time not showing it off to me. The sexy babe got out and showed me her purple lingerie dress. But that wasn’t the only thing that she wanted to show me as she whipped out both of her tits. I went in to grab one of them but then noticed that the guard was getting suspicious and so he came over to see what was going on. I quickly changed in one of the empty changing rooms and she was caught with her tits outside of her changing room. The guard told her that she can’t be out there like that, but she easily seduced him by dragging him by his security guard tie into the changing room. He knew that he had to play alone since she was such a hot chick that nobody could resist her. I got to see all of that happening in front of my own very eyes. The first thing that I saw is that she wasted no time with him and got down on her knees and pulled his cock out to start sucking on it immediately. After she started sucking you could tell that she was enjoying herself a lot so she even started deepthroating him. The horny slut then kept one hand circling the thick head of his cock and massaged his balls with the other. He gripped her head and fucked her face hard, ramming his cock deep into her mouth and down her throat. After she was done with that I kept on watching to see if he actually had the balls to fuck her right then and there. And sure enough, he did. He turned her over, grabbed her hips and rammed his dick deep into her soaking wet pussy. He spanked her bubble butt hard with his hips as he drove into her deep.   She was now fully naked in the changing room and the guy was pounding her from behind like only pornstars do in porn movies, one of his hand was holding her neck while the other was squeezing her boobs. He grabbed her slim waist with both hands and kept pounding into her cunt. Ashley actually let a stranger fuck her without a condom! He wrapped his strong arms around the young naked girl and lifted her up against the wall, her legs instinctively wrapping around him as he kept fucking her hard while standing. I held the door open for her when she rode the guy. Her bald pussy slammed down on his cock and then rose up to accept the cock deeper and deeper. She covered her mouth with her palm, someone might have heard them. She has amazing boobs and her tits were bouncing up and down on her chest. He fucked her hard from every position that you can accomplish in such a confined space like that of a changing room, but he made it work. “You are such a slut” he took hold her head and fucked into her face, in no time he was coming into her mouth and then on to her face. The naked girl blew me a kiss while she was covered in another man’s cum.