As I passed through the bathroom on my way to the kitchen, I heard my sexy blonde stepsister singing in the shower and I just couldn’t help myself, so I sneaked in and pulled the shower curtains, catching her totally naked and covered in soapy suds. Of course she urged me to get the fuck out, but I told her that first she’d have to twerk for me. I wasn’t really sure she was going to, but much to my surprise and joy, she obliged me. Now, I have seen my sister twerking many times before, but never naked in the shower! So it’s no surprise that as she did a little twerking for me, I got a huge boner watching her! I offered to help her get to those hard to get areas and she jutted out her delicious bubble butt for me to soap up with the sponge, reaching between her legs and massaging her soapy , dripping wet snatch. I could tell she was enjoying it by the way she grinded her hips and pelvis, rubbing against my hand. The blonde little slut turned the water off as I kept massaging her cunt. I got in the tub with her and she pushed her meaty ass back up against me, shoving my dick into her tight pussy. With one thrust I was inside her very wet cunt. I began banging my hot stepsister from behind in the bathroom! She backed up against my member as I slapped her perfect ass, so fucking hot. Unfortunately, we were interrupted by our parents coming into the house! What a bummer! I waited eagerly for them to leave and found my stepsister twerking in the kitchen in her yoga pants and top. She knew we had unfinished business and was eager to pick up where we left off just as much as I was. She stripped naked and dropped to her knees, pulling down my shorts and releasing my throbbing erection. She popped it in her mouth while jerking it with her hands and gave me a hot blowjob and handjob combo. She even sucked on my balls while hand jobbing me, sucking my dick until I cum inside her mouth! I was watching my penis disappearing and reappearing in and out of her warm wet mouth. I couldn’t help myself.   The feeling of cumming in her mouth nearly had me blacking out. I pulled my cock out and my crazy sister swallowed the cum she had in her mouth. Our next encounter takes place in her bedroom as I walked in on her trying on some sexy new underwear. I noticed a wet spot on her panties and she slipped them off. My sutty stepsister even licked her pussy juices off her panties while teasing her pussy and getting me rock hard. Then my naked sister spread her legs wide open inviting me to ram my erection deep inside her tight pussy and fuck her in missionary position. She grabbed her titties while I was banging her and let me know just how much she liked having her my fat cock inside of her. The sexy naked blonde got on top and rode me while I squeezed her boobs. She was going to make me blow my creamy load inside her snatch or all over her hot naked body! Watching my cock slide in and out of such a beautiful pussy was an incredible turn-on. Her bald pussy was stretched tightly around my fat cock. I kept fucking my sister hard, slamming my hips against her soft, round ass. Soon she came and her convulsing cunt was heaven around my cock. I couldn’t help myself and came in her. 