Don’t miss the story of a coach taking a gymnast’s virginity! Sometimes your best is not enough. Little Asian gymnast is trying her hardest, but her coach is very concerned. He calls her to his office, explaining that they have a severe problem. She is lagging behind other girls, and the obvious problem is her stretching ability. Her coach thinks he knows what’s going on, as her hymen is limiting her abilities. When the old pervert tells the little girl that her hymen may be holding her back from reaching her full potential, she is willing to do whatever it takes to get to the next level. The sexy gymnast spreads her legs, her coach pulls her tight gymnastics suit aside and starts licking her virgin pussy, making her horny in an instant. That’s the invitation for her to go down on knees and starts sucking him. The little girl might have never been pussy fucked, but that doesn’t mean she never gave a blowjob. She is well-known for her cock sucking abilities, and this was the perfect chance to demonstrate what she learned so far. Now it’s finally the time for her pussy to be impaled. She is such a tiny girl, so every dick looks giant to her. The small naked girl is not afraid of the challenge as he goes strongly inside of her. He stops after her hymen to give her virgin pussy a chance to get used to his size. Painful look on her face is telling him that she struggles, but she won’t ever ask him to stop. He lifts her petite body and starts impaling her, while her tiny tits are bouncing like crazy. She squeals as he goes deeper and deeper, submerging his cock in her amazing Asian cunt. The young naked girl became a fuck doll in seconds, but that’s what she always like. She loves being dominated as her pussy juices are running high. She almost feels guilty that this is the first time someone invaded her pussy, so she’ll have to it more often. All her girlfriends have been doing it for years while she was spending time at the gym, waiting for the right guy. She masturbates a lot, but it feels so much better when a hard shaft is deep inside of her. Her orgasms are much more powerful this way.   As her Asian little pussy is stretched, there is no more pain on her face. It turns into a smile as she feels she is finally becoming a woman. Plus, if her snatch is able to take his long boner, she will be able to take anything inside of her. The best test for her is when she goes into a doggy style position. The situation looks incredible as he is holding his legs in their air while the young naked gymnast puts her hands on the table. Her coach has total control as he goes balls deep, fucking her without mercy. She asks for more as her behind is slapped. As the Asian girl supermans on his dick, she imagines how much better her flexibility will be after this private lesson. When her coach feels that her pussy is stretched enough, it’s time for him to end this session. He pulls his throbbing cock out of her vagina and starts spraying her face. She managed to train his balls as no other woman did before, so they are both happy. One session like this won’t be enough, but they’ll keep doing it!