I was walking around the park when I saw her. She must have been about eighteen or nineteen and she looked lovely. Fresh and young, full of energy, doing all kinds of acrobatics when she spotted me. Flexible and acrobatic she does some cartwheels for me. I didn’t realize that she was an exhibitionist until she pulled down her yoga pants and kept doing her gymnastic routine butt naked in front of me! I couldn’t believe my eyes while staring at her naked ass, the playful girl even spread her ass cheeks to expose her asshole for me! She decided to show me what a naughty little girl she was. She bent over, showed me her hot, pink pussy and cute little asshole, tried to spread her ass as far as possible. We quickly ended up in my bathroom where the girl got fully naked, spread her legs wide for me and shaved her pussy smooth. Nothing sexier than a young naked girl shaving her pussy. “So you liked watching me shave my pussy?” She felt so horny after finishing she had to touch herself, just to feel how smooth she was. After we left the bathroom the naked girl sat on a chair and gently started to rub her asshole and slowly fuck it with a finger. I got closeups of her pretty clit and labia! I saw how horny she was from massaging it so I gave her a big glass dildo to try. She desperately tried to put it inside but she was just too tight so I had to help her. I pushed it inside but she couldn’t stand it for too long yet so she had to take it out. However, the girl was still feeling horny, so she put a vibrator on her clit and fucked her ass with a finger until she came on that chair. After that, we ended up in a hall, next to stairs, she was in a pretty, tight, red dress and high heels, and I was looking at her dancing around, showing off she didn’t wear any underwear. She took another dildo, so she ended up lying down, deepthroating it, getting it all wet, only to jump on it a few minutes later and ride it. It felt so amazing she screamed and moaned. When she couldn’t resist anymore she lied down, took that dildo, and fucked herself to orgasm. This cute girl definitely has the confidence for porn and would make a good pornstar if she wanted to be one! 