A teen girl needed a handyman to fix the broken pipe, but she forgot to put on some clothes. Apparently, this problem was a huge emergency. However, the handyman was having an emergency as well, seeing as he could barely help himself around this wonderful young woman. He struggled not to grope her big fat butt, which would have been problematic, but the girl actually outdid him when it comes to doing things that could be interpreted as “borderline sexual harassment” and whips the dude’s dick out while he was on the ladder. However, this guy consents to this right away and lets the young girl suck on his dick for a while. She slobbers all over it, her tongue moves from his balls to the base of his cock, her tongue slides up his shaft till his cock enters her mouth again, her tongue swirls round the helmet. The young horny girl makes sure that the dick is all lubed up and ready to be pushed deep inside of her teen pussy. However, the handyman needs to get his face covered in pussy juices. The naked girl spreads her legs and she lets him lick on her kitty. After he’s had enough, he lifts her leg up and enters her pussy. Slowly, he begins to push deeper and deeper into her with his big cock. He starts pounding her tight little cunts, making the girl moan very loudly, which is natural, seeing as the pounding is extremely fast. The naked girl goes down on her knees once more after the pounding and keeps sucking the dick as hard as she can. The guy can not hold back that much so he starts moving his hips on his own and fucking the girl’s throat as hard as he can. After trying out this hole he puts her down on the floor, lifts her right leg up and keeps pounding her tight little cunt in the missionary position. His tempo is consistent most of the time, and his poundings are rapid. The girl gets on top of him, and he starts pounding her pussy while holding her ass and playing around with it from time to time. This pounding picks up after the dude wraps his arms around the girl’s body. The girl can feel the head of his throbbing cock hitting her cervix with ever thrust. 