A young naked girl gives me a dining experience on her beautiful body that I’ll never forget. A hot blonde right in front of me, completely naked, except for all the sushi that’s covering her body. You know, the Japanese practice of nyotaimori – serving sushi on a naked woman. However, it ain’t covering much either way, seeing as it only covers her nipples and segments of her belly, and the girl has her entire pussy exposed. I get my chopsticks and start feeding her the sushi that’s laying on top of her body. I put one inside of her mouth, and then I tease her nipples and her pussy with the chopsticks. She actually finds this to be quite interesting, so I decide not to put them away for now. Seeing as the naked girl means business, I decide to whip my dick out for her, and surprisingly enough, the girl grabs it with the sticks and starts playing around with it. She grabs the dick with her little hands and starts kissing it all over, and then finally, she puts the entire thing inside of her mouth and starts sucking me nicely. I can feel every movement of her sweet mouth and tongue against my cock. I’m about to cum in her little mouth but I really want to see my big cock slide in and out of her young cunt, to see her little pussy get pounded hard. Well, she’ll play with my dick with the chopsticks while sucking on it for a while, and then she’ll get her pussy pounded. The naked girl gets on the table, spreads her legs and lets me shove my big cock inside of her. The friction of her tight young pussy is the best feeling in the world! Her legs are wrapped around my back, and she hunches her juicy pussy up at me, as she clenches and unclenches the muscles in her thighs. I pick her up, and start pounding her right away, she moans quite loudly, and I love it. However, this vanilla fucking just doesn’t cut it for me, so I decide to pick the lower half of her body up. I start fucking her from the back like this, and the little girl loves it. Thrusting hard, my stiff prick slams hard against her cute little ass. Her titties are bouncing, her nipples are sticking straight up, and she is about to cum.   We switch around a bit, and I pick the petite naked girl up completely while fucking her, but then I decide to let her rest her fragile little body on the chair while she takes my dick. I drop her down to the floor and start pounding her pussy “from above.” This would be a very fun experience if it wasn’t for the fact that this way my low-hanging balls were touching my dick while I was pounding the girl, so I couldn’t go that fast as I would literally be hitting myself in the balls if I picked up the pace, and that’s something I do not want to do. The naked girl drops on her knees for me once more and starts stroking my dick while she sucks me off. I decide to rest a bit, so I lay on the table and let her suck it on her own. The girl gets on top of me, puts my dick deep inside her little cunt and starts shaking her hips wildly. She starts fucking me in reverse cowgirl, and she is really, really into it. As the young naked girl is bouncing up and down, she moans loudly and screams every now and then just to let me know how much she’s enjoying the sensation of my cock brushing against her insides.