This MILF catches her stepson in her room with his cock out, spraying down his body with cologne and drags him into the shower to rinse off. When her naked stepson just stands in the shower embarrassed his stepmom decides she’s going to take a shower too. The woman strips all of her clothes, goes into the shower and when she sees his cock she can’t help touching it. Obviously, the boy is a bit shocked, but his stepmom opens her mouth and in a moment his dick is there. The horny woman hasn’t sucked a hard cock for so long and she just can’t wait, the feeling of his throbbing penis inside her mouth is amazing. The naked woman presses her boobs against each other and starts rubbing his big fat dick with both of them at the same time and moans loudly while the penis brushes against her skin. Soon enough, the old woman is pinned against the glass wall of the shower while her lucky step-son pounds her and she moans loudly while getting her hole explored by this hung stud. She moans louder and louder as time goes by. Eventually, she switches the position up a bit and allows her stepson to grab her big fat ass while he pounds her. Her big tits and huge ass are always a pleasure to watch juggle and bounce around as she takes a cock. They get out of the shower, the dude sits down, and his naked stepmom gets on top of him. She starts moving her hips and going up and down. She moans loudly while the cock brushes against her insides and holds onto her stepson. This MILF is incredible. Perfect titties, perfect blonde hair, fucks like an absolute machine. He grabs her big ass and starts licking and sucking on her nipples hungrily. Then, stepmom gets off but still keep the dick inside of her and starts going up and down, making the boy moans in great pleasure. This position was too exhausting for the two, so the guy lays down, and lets step-mommy gets on top of him, and he lets her do all the work. The MILF fucks him like this for a while, then moves into reverse cowgirl. Her beautiful boobs are bouncing with each thrust. How many orgasms has this woman had? What a hot woman. 