This blonde teen might look like the most innocent girl you’ve ever seen, but the only thing on her mind is a hard dick. Even when under the shower, she masturbates thinking about guys gang banging her, cumming in her mouth and her pussy one by one. Unfortunately, today she is home alone, not counting her annoying step-brother. He saw that she is planning to wear the see-thru dress and tiny shorts, but he also promised he wouldn’t say a thing to their mom and dad if she does a favor for him. His wish is simple – he wants to see her masturbate using a vibrator. His step sister quickly agrees, removing her panties and starts playing with herself. She was surprised to realize that she enjoys when being watched. As she came for the first time, it felt so right that she figured out she needs a real dick now. He might be her stepbrother, and it may look wrong, but it’s too late for rational thinking. She drops down on her knees, pulls his shaft from pants and starts sucking him like there is no tomorrow. It’s astonishing to see her tiny mouth struggling to take his whole cock, but the petite blonde is doing it surprisingly well. Soon enough he starts fucking her and goes ball deep, already creaming her pussy. His cock spasms filling her vagina with so much sperm that it starts leaking out of her pussy. Still, he manages to stay hard and continues nailing her until he once again fills her meat hole with another load. His cock slips out of her and a river of white cum follows it, leaving her pussy a sloppy, spunky-white mess. She had no idea her stepbrother was such a good lover! Her scream fills out the room as she starts riding his giant boner on the bed as her creamed pussy keeps making splashing noises. He has filled her up good, she can’t believe that stream after stream of his warm sticky cum is flowing from her little pussy. She feels her brother cums inside her once again, giving her another huge creampie, and she lets out a loud moan as she feels his hot seed splashing all over her insides. her legs spread wide, pussy red, a hot, gooey creampie leaking out of her pussy. As a good stepbrother, of course, he knows how to properly finish. He empties what’s left in his balls all over her pretty face, making her messy cum whore. 