My sexy stepsister came to my room while I was chilling the other day, to tell me about this friend of hers, Lacy. Apparently, Lacy was quite into me and wanted to get to know me better. My stepsis called her and quickly left the room as soon as she walked in so we ended up alone. Lacy is a hot, little redhead with an amazing body and big blue eyes. She told me she had had the hots for me for a long time and couldn’t wait for us to get naughty. That was the perfect time because my parents weren’t home, and, apart from my stepsister, the house was empty. The hot redhead babe removed her top, showing me her amazing, natural breasts, moaning with pleasure as I fondled them. We got naked and she let me finger her pussy, not noticing my stepsister at the door, watching us all horny. After that, we lied down, and she took my cock in her mouth. She was eager to suck it and went deeper and deeper, gagging and choking on it, swallowing the whole shaft, making it all wet and sloppy. My stepsister was getting more and more horny spying on us, squeezing her tits, rubbing her pussy. Just as her friend put my dick in her pussy and started riding me stepsis heard our parents coming back so she had to bust inside and warn us to stop. As the two were leaving, Lacy promised me we will continue. I found the redheads later chatting and my sister’s friend told me they made a deal she would teach her how to suck a cock. My stepsis was shy at first but soon enough she was deepthroating my big, hard cock like a pro, spitting and gagging on it while her slutty friend was sucking on my balls and showing her the moves occasionally. Just as my stepsister started fucking my cock with her throat I felt I was cumming. She sucked it madly until I came with a loud shriek right in her mouth. My sister pulled her mouth off my throbbing cock and spat the cum out and into her palm. “Fuck, you horny little cunt,” her slutty friend smiled at her. We ended up alone again, both of the redheads hungry for my dick.   The girls were so horny they undressed each other, squeezing their perky tits, kissing and licking their nipples. It didn’t take long before my naked stepsister was on top of me, with my cock deep inside her pussy, stretching her and filling her up. Lacy was right there, rubbing her clit, spitting on my cock to keep us both wet and sloppy, licking her tits and kissing her, waiting her turn. She soon got what she wanted. I took the hot redhead on her knees, from behind, while her face was buried in my stepsister’s pussy. I railed Lacy hard before they switched positions and she ended up under us, simultaneously sucking my cock and licking my balls and her pussy as I pounded my stepsister doggy style. I kept railing the naked girls both before I reached the edge. They felt that and quickly dropped on their knees, tongues out, begging for my load, so I plastered both of their faces and mouths full of hot, white cum. Two hot and horny redheads couldn’t get enough of my cock and my cum, the naked girls couldn’t stop sucking and licking my cock. I can’t decided who I like better.