Beautiful young blonde has everything she wished for. She has an excellent job, and a house, but also a boyfriend that’s always eager to fuck her. Today she went to the gym, and as goes to take a shower, her man decides to join her for some fun. She is happy that this is happening, as she undresses and shows her perfect pierced boobs. His naked girlfriend drops down on her knees and starts sucking his shaft. She mastered the art of deepthroating as she looks him straight into his eyes, like asking if he is proud of her. It is such a treat watching hot young cum sluts suck cock! Their bathroom might not be the most comfortable room in their house, but this is not the first time they are fucking there. It’s intimate, and they both love it because of the mirrors. Kinky blonde loves to look at herself as her little snatch is pounded. Even the acoustics are better here, so her moaning sounds even better. She is so tiny that he can put her anywhere and drill her. As the naked blonde sits on him and starts riding his dick, he plays with her lovely pussy, making her come for the first time. A the same time she plays with her small tits that can’t stop bouncing. When they met, she confessed that she is a nympho, and he was the first guy that understood her and her needs. It’s not her fault that she needs a cock several times per day, and luckily, he knows how to deliver. She feels so comfortable around him that she talks about wild sexual adventures from her college days. She experimented with girls and even had her fair share of massive orgies. Now she doesn’t even have to think about other men as her boyfriend is ready to go whenever she asks. There is no place in their house where they haven’t fucked before, but the bathroom was his idea, and she loved it from the start! Everything is even better when they are under the shower, as running water makes the action even more intense.   He keeps slamming balls deep into her pussy, making her moan loudly and arch her back. Now it’s time for a big finish as his hot naked girlfriend goes back to her knees in the tub. He empties his balls all over her pretty face. There is nothing more beautiful than watching the cum all over a girl’s face. Then the young naked girl puts his shaft back in her mouth, tasting his semen. She keeps sucking and his load is leaking out of her mouth and onto her tits. This little blonde is a great cumplayer. Her hair is a mess, she has cum all over her face, dripping from her chin but this gorgeous facial is not enough for her. A few minutes later they are in their living room, as his still horny girlfriend rides him on the couch. The action is even rougher as he slaps her ass cheeks and plays with her butthole. He goes balls deep, no matter the position they choose. They are all covered in a sweat as he pulls his shaft out and comes on her ass while she rubs it!