This man and his wife are looking to buy a home. They are going to have some kids and he just wants a little excitement in his life before he settles down. Thankfully, his realtor is more than happy to accommodate his needs – by sucking his cock while his wife’s in the other room! The woman is so elegant and sexy clothed like this! It’s amazing how some fake tits and good makeup can turn a cute teen into an absolute hottie. Matter of fact, she’s already sucking his dick, and it’s all hidden so well behind the kitchen counter. The wife happens to come into the kitchen in a very weird moment. The slut is firmly gripping her husband’s cock tightly, and she’s licking it all over. She’s literally making this cock her own. There is no way back, this assertive brunette will get what she wants, whether he likes it or not. His wife invites him to another room of the house, but the sexy brunette manages to steal him along the way, and she lays down on the bed in the… well, the bedroom. She spreads her legs nicely, and she lets the cheating bastard get a nice taste of her tight little cunt. After some licking, the woman decides that she also needs to suck on someone’s genitals. She takes the meaty shaft, and she puts it inside of her mouth and starts sucking on it as soon as she mature cheater lays down on the bed. The bitch spits on the dick, she strokes it, and she licks it all over in the sluttiest way possible, but she’s not able to deepthroat it. A dick as big as this one deserves to be inside of a tight wet puss, without a doubt. This is why the hot naked brunette lays down and spreads her legs for a good pounding. The man starts shoving his huge cock deep inside of the woman’s cute little pussy, and he makes her moan with every single thrust going balls deep into her. She spreads her legs wide, and the dude starts licking on her pussy and sucking on the clit. This makes his girl moan in pleasure, but she lets out a few involuntary screams out as well. After this, she gets on top and starts riding the big fat dick. His huge cock makes her body convulse into her second orgasm, making her squirt. 