My college has a crazy amount of gorgeous girls, but this girl was always on my mind. Her giant tits made all other girls feel tame in comparison. The only problem was I never had a chance to spend time with her. While I was on a summer break working as a lifeguard, I had time to think about her and the opportunities I wasted. Then, a miracle has happened! I saw a girl near my post, and as I came to ask her if she needs help, I recognized her! She remembered me even though I haven’t seen for two semesters or so. I’ve told her she could place her towel, as I’ll be on guard. My God, I’ve never seen her in a bikini before. It was barely able to hold her breasts, and I struggled to concentrate and stay professional. Here I was, once again distancing myself. Then I got my courage back, so I asked her if she wants me to oil her back. She gladly accepted, so here I was, finally able to play with her body. I started with her legs but soon I massaging her bottom. She didn’t seem to mind – on the contrary, her smile was a sign that I should continue. We were having a conversation like nothing was happening, and my dick was already rock hard. To my surprise, she removed her top so I could finally massage her juggs. I saw a lot of naked girls with big tits at the beach but her boobs were the best, just perfect. She had the most beautiful big all natural breasts I had ever seen before! Her boobs were so big, sexy, soft and I could feel her nipples becoming tight. She could see my boner, so I teased her by telling her that I should probably go since I’m acting unprofessionally. I knew she was so horny that she wouldn’t let me go, but she also figured out I was joking, so we were all good. There was no one around, but I suggested that it would be better if we go to my post. Finally, her hands were on my cock, and I swear, It was never as hard before. She was struggling to take it all in her warm mouth, but she tried her hardest to impress me.   Finally, my shaft was up to her throat, before she wanted me to impale her pussy doggy style. Her snatch was already wet, so there was no need for foreplay. I spread her big bubble ass cheeks and she felt the head of my cock at her opening. She waited, anticipating my thrust into her. “Fuck, yes” she moaned, pushing her amazing ass back against me. She was the one begging me to start fucking her, as she desperate for a fat shaft up her meat hole. If I have to choose the best moment, I would say it was when she was riding me cowgirl style. That was the moment when I finally nailed her balls deep as she was shaking like crazy, coming three times in a row. Her big tits were bouncing in front of me. He rode me, thrusting into me, her big ass slapping against me. She turned into a wild animal that I could use to my liking as much as I wanted to. I had to concentrate the hardest not to cum too early, but when it was time for that, I pulled it out and sprayed her tits and face with massive loads of cum. A smile was again on her face, as she promised she’ll come back to visit me!