What would you do if you ended up catching your stepsister watching TV with absolutely no clothes on? She thought she was alone, so she was lounging around and watched TV in the nude. Well, you’d do the same thing as I did… I ran into the room with my phone without even letting her cover up. I got a nice glance at her big butt and she was pissed. The only way that footage was getting deleted was if she posed naked for me. I took a good look at that tight little pussy, that perfect ass, and those tits were just amazing. After my naked sister exposed herself to me, she ended up becoming horny, so naturally, it was my time to shine. I whipped my dick out, and I got her to suck on it. She gave me a very slutty blowjob, and she drooled all over the entire thing, it was so good that I couldn’t help cumming in her little mouth. Spurt from my throbbing cock made my naked sister gag and she surprisingly had to spit my cum out. It turned out it was the first time a man came in her mouth. Later, my sexy sister needed a little help with her schoolwork. To incentivize her horny stepbro, she spread her legs and started teasing me with her pussy. I got her to sit on the bed, and she started showing her pussy off. This really got me going, so I bent her over and started shoving my cock inside of her tight little pussy and thrusting my hips slowly. I grabbed onto her bubble butt, and I had her moving her hips as well while we fucked. As time went on, we both started moving faster and faster, and my horny stepsis moaned loudly because of my big fat cock and the way it was brushing against her insides. Soon enough, her beautiful pussy was on my cock, we were looking at each other’s faces as she rode me. She moved her hips as fast as she could, moaning loudly. I enjoyed looking at her super hot bod and her perfect tits. This time she wanted me to cum in her mouth. A couple days later, my sister wanted to show her friends what her stepbros big dick looks like. She whipped it out and had me film as I pound her hungry muff. Yum! 