This stepmom was stuck making Easter Dinner all alone – her new husband didn’t help, and her bratty stepdaughter was too busy with her boyfriend. The teens were feeling up on each other’s bodies in the living room, actually mutually masturbating one another. He slipped his hand in her panties, sliding his finger in between her pussy lips and the girl jerked him off in return. You can’t really blame the dude, his sexy girlfriend has some delicious knee socks on, an easy access skirt, and tight top showing off her perky teen tits. When the stepmom caught the naughty couple she ended up taking her slutty stepdaughter to the kitchen and she started spanking her ass hard. However, after the punishment was done, the naughty teen girl grabbed the boyfriend’s cock during their Easter family dinner! It looked very suspicious that her stepdaughter offered to do the dishes. The kids both went to the kitchen where the horny girl lifted her leg on the kitchen counter, hiked her plaid skirt up revealing her perfect ass, pulled her soaked panties aside and let her boyfriend lick her cunt. She covers her mouth trying to hold her moans. She wanted his cock in her mouth so bad. She got on her knees and started sucking on it, feeling it grow hard in her mouth. She used both hands to rub it and massage his balls. Fuck me baby, yes! Fuck me right here! Her boyfriend started pounding her tight little pussy while she tried her best not to moan out loud. However, this type of thing did not help them out much because the stepmom made her way inside the kitchen and caught the teens fucking! THis time the stepmom was really mad! She shut her stepdaughter’s mouth with an Easter egg and made the little slut watch as she sucked her boyfriend’s clock. As a punishment, she blew his cock right in front of her, and used her big titties to jerk him off too. However it seems that it turned the girl on. SHe was busy rubbing her young twat, obviously excited over watching her boyfriend get a blowjob from another woman. Soon enough, her naked stepmom started bouncing her big fat ass on her bf’s cock. Her pussy felt so good on her his cock, and the younger girl could see it. She could not stop herself from masturbating. The dude was really into it as well. He grabbed onto the mom’s hips and started fucking her harder. Stepmommy then grabbed her daughter, made out with her for a while, and then she decided that she should join in on the fun. The younger girl kneeled and started sucking off the stud. Both of the naked girls were sucking on the cock, but the blondie made sure to focus on the balls, rather than the shaft. When step-mommy was done with sucking the shaft clean, she let the daughter have all the leftovers, so she let her suck on it for a while as well.   The daughter begged for the cock to be put inside of her tight little pussy. Stepmommy spread her tight little pussy lips and let her take the entire cock deep inside of her. Mommy also held her head as she was taking the pounding as well. The young naked girl moaned and screamed in both pain and pleasure as the muscular stud was rubbing her clit and fucking her tight wet hole hard and fast. Now it was time for mommy to take charge, so she put her pussy in front of him, and while he fucked her, her stepdaughter grabbed onto the balls and held onto them while she was getting fucked. The naked mom and daughter kept riding his dick and licking each other’s pussy and the her man picked up the pace as well in order to increase the pleasure as much as possible. It was time to let the cock-hungry teen and her stepmommy share the real Easter treat… and he came all over their faces, letting the girls kiss and share his jizz. The daddy came to the kitchen at the wrong moment…