As a doctor, you need to vow to do no harm. However, you never have to vow to do no fucking. When you’re offered sex with a teen as hot as this one there’s just no way that you can say no. I was in a situation with his gorgeous teen where she was having premarital sex and her parents wanted to prove it by making her get a check-up with me. Little did they know that she could have her way with me and I was going to lie about it to their faces if she gave me what I wanted. And since a hot teen such as this one doesn’t really have a lot of cash on her to bribe me with, then there’s only one thing that she can offer me, and that’s her sweet pussy. Of course, she eased me into that first by pulling out her tits when I didn’t expect it. Of course, I played with them for a bit after I checked her breathing and I was pretending that I was still performing her check-up. The teenage girl had a really slutty facial expression and I knew that I could take this as far as I wanted to. I went down between her legs and started checking her pussy. I did this to ensure that she was not a virgin. I shoved my fingers deep inside her little pussy checking to see if she had her hymen intact. She didn’t so this definitely meant that she was no longer a virgin. I started licking around her pussy in circles before moving my tongue between her pussy lips. The girl started humping upwards and her hand was pressing my head to her pussy. I couldn’t wait any longer, I stood up, unzipped my pants, and pulled her cute face closer until her lips wrapped around the end of my huge cock. Gripping her hair I started to gently thrust between her lips, feeling her small hands massaging my balls and her tongue playing with the tip. Her lips slid up and down my hard black cock making it shiny and glisten. The girl slipped her hand between her thighs, a finger sinking into her moist pussy, arching her back and squirming. The little teen slut begged for me to stretch her out with my big doctor dick.   I held her leg up high and entered her with one push. It was heavenly feeling. Her young pussy was tight! I started driving balls deep in her pussy as fast as I could. I fucked her while standing and one of her legs was on one of my shoulders. I fucked her so hard that she was saying “Oh my god” every other second. The hot teen couldn’t take all the pleasure that I was giving her with my big cock and you could tell that this was the case cause she had a hard time composing herself. She ended up orgasming several times but I just didn’t stop fucking her. I kept on going and going and I didn’t stop for a moment. Her young firm titties were bouncing, her nipples were sticking straight up, my balls were slapping against her swollen clit. Her pussy was still really tight even though she wasn’t a virgin and I got to enjoy her tight pussy for as much as I wanted. I loved pushing it inside of her and she loved taking it so hard that she was begging for more. I did it in several other positions as well. I fucked her well and in the end, came all over her pretty face and into her mouth, making her gag. 