He and his girlfriend came to the sauna to have some personal time, but the thing is, some naked girl was already there. She was lying there all sweaty while her giant tits were staring at them. The hot blonde already gave him a sign and started playing with her amazing booty and a tight snatch. He couldn’t believe this is happening! His girlfriend wasn’t assuming anything. That was a sign for a blonde to come to him and reveal his giant schlong as she put it between her breasts, giving him a titjob like he never had before. His girlfriend wouldn’t let him do this, as she thinks this is degrading. On the other hand, this girl enjoys this moment, watching as her juggs are making his boner harder every second. She is a SUPER HOT BLONDE! Those BOOBS ARE GORGEOUS. She loves sex as her slutty smile tell. This is like a dream for them, as they both check out if his girlfriend is laying with a towel on her face, let’s hope his girlfriend doesn’t catch them. They decide to move a bit further as the naked girl starts riding him. He goes even one step further, fingering her ass, and a blonde doesn’t mind that. She puts two fingers in her asshole while still keeping silent. If she could, she would be moaning like crazy, but this is fine too. The feeling that she can’t make a single mistake is turning her on even more. Still, the disaster happens once starts banging her doggy style. As he goes balls deep into her tight ass, she moans, and that’s what wakes his girlfriend. The girl is already on her feet shouting at him and slapping, but the blonde slut just smiles, pushing her ass onto his cock, fucking him even when he tries to explain it to his girlfriend. She goes away, telling him that it’s all over. Well, he won’t let that spoil his fun, as his cock is still inside this gorgeous babe. Once again he reminds himself that he never had sex like this with his now ex. The best part is yet to come, as he pulls out his dick and takes it straight into her asshole. Now that they are alone, she can scream as loud as she wants to. He shows no mercy, slapping her behind as goes deep in her butt.   He already figured out the bitch likes rough fucking, so as he grabs her neck, dipping from puss to anal and back again. She comes again, begging for more. This attractive blonde can take it all, as no matter what he does to her, she can take it. She even wants to taste her ass juices, as she sucks him once more. He fucks her throat almost leaving her out of breath, before going back in her anal hole filling it with his cum. Still, this is not the end, as the naked babe keeps riding him reverse cowgirl style, as he continues drilling her asshole. It looks like she also found a sex partner of her dreams who is able to satisfy all of her holes and cum in her multiple times. With his hard cock in her ass, her fingers in her cunt and his other hand groping her tits. His hands keep grabbing and smacking her ass, she cums almost instantly, screaming loudly. For the ending, he decides to spray her tits as they both lay down, unable to go any further.