This dude has all his friends over and they’re just chatting in the living room when his stepsister comes into the room looking all nerdy and innocent. His sister is the ideal, perfect, straight A student. Even though she looks nerdy, she’s actually a complete slut as is proven by the pictures that the guys saw of her holding some dildos. The schoolgirl storms out of the room completely upset and her brother finds her in the kitchen and comforts her for a bit. This was only a ruse though as the moment he comes back to the living room he shows his friends some of her nudes and her shoving a dildo up her pussy. She comes storming back in and tells them to stop looking at those photos. But in the end, she can’t do anything about it. She has to listen to what they have to say or else they’ll release all these photos on the internet. The girl just sits there and listens as they command her to suck her brother’s cock. She can choose either that or the pictures are going online. She has no choice and the stepbrother is more than happy to have her suck him off so he is in on the whole thing. She goes down on him and sucks his cock like a real whore. You can tell that the young teen girl has done this before and that she even loves doing it despite her putting on a shy face as all his friends film them doing it. His friends effortlessly lift her into their arms and spread her legs, her step brother pulls her panties down her legs and off her feet. Her pussy is now bare, with a triangle of pubic hair over her wet slit. The friends keep holding her legs down to keep her from squirming when he starts licking her young pussy. His sister then bends over and he pushes his cock into her pussy in front of his friends. He fucks her hard and mercilessly while his friends tape it all. The young girl has an amazing big juicy ass. Watching her ass bounce makes him wanna smack it, the teen slut begins bucking underneath him, pushing her bubble ass backwards to meet his thrusts. He doesn’t give a shit about the fact that she’s his stepsister and he drills her super hard to the point where she ends up moaning and screaming from all the pleasure before orgasming hard. 