Young French woman had a long week so going to massage parlor is her way to relax. She undresses completely as she lies on the bed while her masseur starts his session using lots of oil, spreading it all over her back. She feels his hands on her ass cheeks, massaging them, spreading them wide apart and caressing her asshole. As the naked girl turns on her back, he focuses his attention on her gorgeous tits. She enjoys every second of, knowing this will turn into something else. This is what she wanted after all, and she heard a lot of good things about this guy. The masseur goes down to her pussy rubbing it well, as the naked girl starts moaning. He massages her pussy lips, rubbing her labia between his fingers, , fondling her clit at the same time. Her pussy is really blooming now. She is a customer here, and what she needs now is to taste his dick. The naked girl takes it in her hands and puts it between her melons titty fucking his cock with her beautiful big natural breasts. Her tits feel soft and sensuous, and huge. She keeps massaging his cock with her soft tits before taking it in the mouth. What she always like is when a shaft starts growing in her mouth, as she struggles to deepthroat it. Still, she won’t give up so easily. Her performance is rewarded soon, as her man starts nailing her trimmed pussy missionary style as she moans like crazy, saying the dirtiest thing both in English and French. It didn’t take long for him to come inside of her for the first time. Still, he is ready to keep fucking her. He fingers her cumm filled pussy before letting her ride his shaft as his balls are still full of semen. She is the one taking the initiative asking her to go straight to her butthole and fill her as with his sperm. She always insists that boys fuck her in the ass as that’s what gives the biggest pleasure. There is something so filthy about guys fucking and cumming in her ass, it drives her wild like it’s happening now.   On her face, you can see a mix of pleasure and pain, as she would never ask him to stop. Loads of cum are still running from her snatch, and that makes everything even better. She loves the feeling of men cumming in her cunt and her ass. He pumps another cumshot deep into her ass. The girl is overwhelmed by the sensation and is sent into an orgasm of her own, quivering on his cock as his hot sperm is pumped into her. She is taking it well, as a slutty smile is still on her face. The next phase is a doggy style pounding. She grabs her big ass cheeks stretching them as much as she can encouraging her to spear her asshole as deep as possible. After that, the busty naked girl is on top of him riding him reverse cowgirl style. That is a beautiful sight as he can go balls deep and cream her butt. He is still able to continue and fill her ass once more. She moans with each thrust, her anus spasming around his cock, loving it when it is deep in her ass and missing it when it is gone. French slut is so happy that she found a man who can nail her for a such a long time, as what’s left of his load he spreads across her pretty face. She is finally relaxed as both her mind and soul are satisfied.