Two gorgeous young blonde schoolgirls were fooling around undressing and changing clothes showing off their petite bodies with perky tits and soft, pink nipples. They were supposed to be having a special study sesh, but the naughty girls would rather twerk for the cam. Stepdad saw the girls and started jerking off while spying on them but they caught the old pervert and forced him out. However, it turns out the little slut liked what they saw and needed money so they decided to have some fun with him. The girls easily seduced him into dropping his pants and pulling his penis out. Amazed, the sisters both started slobbering all over it, giving him a wet and sloppy blowjob. They sucked his dick together, deepthroating, choking on it, taking his whole shaft. I would nutted in 3 seconds once this blonde started sucking one nut and slobbering on the dick holy fuck sensation overload. The girls kept sucking his dick and took turns pulling his balls with their mouth until he was at his limits and shot his huge load in their mouths for them to swallow. They parted ways, satisfied for a moment but that wasn’t enough for stepdad. A bit later he went to their room to find both of them still there. Turns out one stepdaughter, same as him, didn’t have enough and wanted more. With her sister still there they both undressed and he took his huge cock from behind, ramming her already dripping wet pussy balls deep from the start. The blonde took his dick with pleasure, moaning and asking for more. Her stepsis was getting hornier by the minute and undressed too, caressing her and fiddling with her hair as she got pounded by her stepdad. The naked girls kept changing positions as she kept bouncing her cute butt on his shaft, taking his whole length. She wanted to feel him stretch her teen cunt every way possible while the other one kept squeezing her tits and rubbing her pussy watching them, hornier than ever, as they both kept cumming. He finally reached his edge after a long, hard session of pounding and shot his huge load all over his girls. 