The bearded guy just opened his hotel, and he already has her first customer. She is a beautiful French mature, and it seems that she doesn’t understand English very well. Still, he has no problem taking her to her room. As she unpacked her things, she came back to him, while only in her underwear. It looks like this French babe is playing games with him, running around in her thongs. He is trying to stay calm, as he has no idea what is she doing. Maybe that’s some weird French thing? She clearly showed him that she has a butt plug in her sexy ass, and that makes the situation more evident. The sexy babe drops down her panties and bras in front of him, asking him for a towel, be he still acts like a professional. It seems like her seduction techniques are not working well, so she goes back to her room. While in her bed, she uses a massive dildo and shoves it up her pussy. A French woman would rather have a real thing, but she can’t be a chooser now. Her screaming made him pay attention as he finally enters her room. He plays a bit with her ass before she demands to taste his massive dick. She is a customer, and the customer is always right! Plus, her blowjob skills are impressive. He even fucks her throat before inserting her shaft inside of her pussy. Her giant tits only inspire him to go deeper, as a smile appears on her face. He might not understand what she is saying, but her facial expression is telling him enough. While he is drilling her French cunt, he already thinks about her cute butt as he can’t wait to shove his rod there. His former girlfriends never let him explore their anal holes, but this babe is a different story. She is the one that takes his dick inside of her butthole as she rides him like possessed. Such a beautiful young woman must be getting a lot of cocks, but it’s apparent that her needs are enormous. Being inside of her ass is a new experience for him. It’s much tighter than her pussy, but it’s also exciting. The french slut is an anal addict as, by this point, she only feels pleasure. The guy can’t believe his luck as she goes into cowgirl position letting him go balls deep. No matter how roughly he impales her, it seems that she enjoys hardcore anal sex. When a guy goes to fuck her ass doggy style, she is masturbating at the same time, like she wishes there was at least one more cock available. Still, she must be satisfied with his performance as he already made her come at least four times. Now all they need is a perfect finish as he decides to cum inside of her ass filling her hole with his warm load. It’s doubtful he’ll find a better customer! 