I just minded my business the other day, when I saw this girl looking distressed. The teen girl had a beautiful face behind those nerdy glasses, so I had to stop and see what’s going on. “My car broke down,” she said, like not knowing what to do. “I have no money for a tow truck” she added, explaining that she is a student that’s always strapped for cash. I was in a good mood, so I offered her something that she never expected. I said to her that I’m gonna give her 700 dollars if she spends some time with me. I minded my manners, so I guess she felt safe and agreed. It’s either my charms or money, but I don’t care. The only important thing is that she is home with me. God, I became obsessed with this young girl. Since I have an infatuation with petite girls with a fine ass she was a perfect target for me to seduce. She is so tiny and innocent looking that I had to try and corrupt her. As I gave her 200 dollars, she agreed to strip down to lingerie. Now I had a massive problem in my pants, as I still tried to keep things cool. Luckily, she became turned on, as she let me play with her ass cheeks. She had a tiny ass with firm ass cheeks. She was the one taking the initiative, as she turned from an innocent college girl to a full-time whore. We went into my bedroom as the girl started sucking my dick with passion. It was obvious she has a lot of experience, bobbing her head up and down on my dick, stroking with her lips and caressing with her tongue. She never removed her panties, so everything felt ever dirtier. This girl should consider a career in porn as she already performs like a pro, getting on her knees and wagging her cute little ass in front of me. I went deep into her pussy with one hard thrust. She had the tightest pussy in the whole world! The feeling of her tight pussy around my pulsing member was unbelievable as it pulled on my cock with each stroke, and I loved the sight of my cock slamming into her little pussy.   What part of a woman’s body do you focus on most during sex? I looked down at her cute little ass and her asshole. I looked into her eyes as I pushed into her, feeling her quiver and arch under me. We continued our passionate session once the little naked girl sat on me, lowering her tight cunt onto my huge dick it cowgirl style. I was surprised that such a tight snatch could take it all. Don’t get wrong, she was so tight, but it looked like there are no limits for her. The moment the naked girl stopped to grab her phone as she told me to record our session as she wanted to show it to her boyfriend. I couldn’t believe my ears, but then I did what the little slut asked. Maybe this is what turns him on. Well, perhaps not, as her boyfriend sent her text saying that she is a dumb whore. It doesn’t she cared about that as I fucked her even harder, finally coming in her little mouth and she cleaned my cock by sucking it. Now that she is single, I think I’ll continue banging her – this time for free!