I was just walking in the forest when I stumbled upon a chick who seemed to be lost. I came up to her and asked her what’s up and she seems to have a problem with her bike since she has a flat tire on it. I’m no stranger to helping other people so I ended up fixing her tire like a real man. The teen girl was really grateful and so we started chatting and walking together. The more we talked the more I could tell that she was really interested in me. I wanted to have some fun with her so I suggested that we made a little stop in the forest off the path where nobody could see us. The girl smiled and said why not and so we stopped and had some fun talking. Eventually, she got really dirty and decided to show me her tits. She did so and I got a good look at her amazing boobs. I even touched them and groped them for a bit which turned her on even more. The best about the whole situation was that I knew that this wasn’t going to stop with this. The sexy teen girl got on her knees and pulled out my cock! She was impressed by the size and started sucking on it like it was a lollipop. She looked into my eyes, expressing her love for me with her mouth on my cock, working with her tongue, caressing the head and then taking the whole cock again. The teen slut loved the taste of it and then she bent over and let me fuck her from behind. The moment she started thrusting that big fat ass back at me I knew I would give this bird a bath in my juices. Tiny girls with big butts receive the most attention from me. Her big ass cheeks were spread wide fore me, exposing her pink star. She took the cock really well despite its size and then even rode me afterward like a cowgirl. She had amazing all natural tits with a large areola! She bounced up and down shaking her tits around my face. I experienced the most amazing feeling with her young tight pussy tightening around my dick pulling it further in. I picked up my pace, looking at her tits bouncing in front of my face. In a few minutes, I felt I was cumming and she moved even faster. Her pussy quivered in response and her muscles tightened around my cock. I pulled out and cum dripped out of her slit. Watching a creampie leaking out of her young cunt made me hard again. 