Annoyed at her husband’s incompetent DIY skills, this woman orders him to call the plumber and have the shower. He accidentally soaks himself and is forced to remove his clothes. Meanwhile the wife walks into the bathroom, thinking her husband is in the shower, she gets her hand behind the curtains and grabs a big fat cock with her hand. The MILF is very delighted with what she’s found, so she gets on her knees and starts sucking on his big fat cock. The beautiful woman enjoys giving the blowjob, sucking on then big black cock until she hears her husband walk by in the hallway! Shocked, she tears open the shower curtain revealing some dude standing in there. You won’t stop a MILF who are looking for a cock to please her and she decides to keep playing with the plumber. Sucking alone does not please her, so she puts her pussy on his cock and starts riding on it aggressively. The hot naked woman bounces up and down and moans loudly while she takes the dick. She struggles with the length, but she still enjoys the living hell out of it as her hips go up and down. After getting sucked for a while the plumber drops the woman to her knees, and he lets her suck him off for a while, then jerk him off with her big titties. Then, she’s pressed against the glass by him, and he starts drilling it from the back while kissing the woman occasionally and squeezing on her titties. One of the better angles in porn is titties pushed up against glass. He grips onto her tits harder and harder, and he moves his hips faster and faster. The naked woman moans loudly, and she begs for the man not to stop fucking her. Again, she gets him to sit down so that she can ride the pole. She puts her arms on his neck, and she looks at him dead in the eye while she bounces up and down, slamming her wet cunt hard onto his big black cock. She then squats and leans in, and the man starts moving his hips on his own. The woman gets down on the ground, all sweaty from the intense fucking and starts shaking her hips wildly while she takes dick. She holds onto the drawers in front of her for support, but her man grabs her arms and starts pounding her harder. 