Gorgeous naughty college girl ends up in her professor’s house after getting herself into trouble. She in her last semester of college and is the head of a sorority house and the sorority has a reputation for having a little too much fun. Instead of apologizing the sexy girl decides she is better off seducing and fucking him. He could not resist such a tight, skinny and petite girl wanting him and they end up on the floor with him lying on his back and her dominantly squatting over his face, riding his tongue and making him lick her pussy. God damn she looks stunning with the short hair. Those eyes are mesmerizing. She’s sitting on him with her pussy in his face as he eats her out with tongue wagging in and out back forth. Her pussy is so sexy, and mouth-watering. Her slim well trimmed body is near perfection with lovely tits perfect in size and shape, her firm nice ass and those magnificent legs in sexy stockings and that bald pussy… her appetizing gateway to paradise which attracts the tongue to explore it. Happy to oblige, he makes her pussy all wet before she turns around making it into a sixty-nine, taking slobbering all over his cock. Wanting to better concentrate on sucking his cock, she makes him stand up and kneels in front of him. The girl gives him the most amazing blowjob, trying to swallow his huge throbbing shaft, choking as he would push deep in her throat. After making his dick rock hard, slippery and ready, the horny teen girl makes him lie down again and jumps on top of him so that he can put his cock head against her slippery slit. Her dripping wet pussy easily swallows his whole cock, and the skinny naked girl quickly ends up bouncing her ass up and down hard, impaling herself balls deep on him. Oh my! She is so fun to watch bouncing around on his cock. She’s such a skinny girl with big, perfect breasts. It’s a treat watching her fuck with her big naked boobs jiggling for our pleasure! Her body is perfect and riding him in reverse cowgirl puts everything on display, what a little goddess. Having ridden him like a naughty little cowgirl they started changing positions. He grabbed her from behind, impaling this stunningly beautiful young woman rough doggy style, then from the side, rubbing her clit and making her cum as he’d fuck her. He took the naked girl on the grand piano, bent over, having her losing her mind from pleasure. The little slut rode him again, constantly turning around, letting him watch her perky little tits or her cute tight ass shake and bounce as she would go up and down. Slimmy sexy is on that grand piano with those magnificent shapely legs separated and he licking her sweet lovely wet pussy. Having orgasmed multiple times from having her cunt stretched by his huge hard cock, she decided to reward him by letting him shoot his huge thick load all over her. 