The attractive blonde was in her car, arguing with her boyfriend on the phone, eventually breaking up. A black guy was walking nearby, overhearing her conversation, seeing her distressed. He asked her what was wrong and she, angry but horny, immediately invited him with her. The girl got the perfect opportunity to make sure she didn’t waste any more time on her ex. He said he lived nearby, and so they went there. Having arrived they didn’t waste any more time, so she simply dropped down on her knees and took his huge black cock in her mouth. Even though it was too big for her, she tried her best to swallow it whole. She didn’t just want revenge, she wanted epic revenge, with a black guy, she wanted him to fuck her mouth with that huge cock, cum in her mouth, all over her face! She choked as she was slobbering all over it, trying to fit it all in before he grabbed the back of her head and started fucking her throat. After making his cock all wet and rock hard she bent over, presenting him with her tight little asshole and her pink warm pussy. He started licking both of her holes, making them all wet and slippery, fucking her with his tongue, getting her ready. It wasn’t long before he was on a chair, holding her cute little ass and pulling it down, impaling her pussy balls deep on his HUGE BLACK COCK! The sexy white blonde was screaming in pleasure as he was stretching her insides completely, making her lose her mind. He was going harder and rougher before he licked her a bit more and threw her on the bed. There he kept railing her in many different positions, making her feel every inch of his cock, sucking on it every now and then, tasting his precum and her pussy juices all over his shaft. She had never had hardcore sex like that in her life. It was awesome, phenomenal, divine. She had never felt like this with her ex-boyfriend. Just looking at his huge black cock made her little pussy wet. She loved everything about his manhood, from his balls to the tip of his thick shaft. He pounded balls deep in her petite body, slamming so hard against her body their flesh slapped loudly. She was losing her mind from the size of his meat and the number of hard orgasms before he too reached his edge and gave her a big and thick load. 