Ravishing blonde babe with an amazing body and big tits was wearing the sexiest lingerie for her man. She told him she wanted him to make her cum hard and gave him the remote for a vibrator she was wearing. He immediately turned it on, making her drop on the floor and scream and shake in pleasure. Without turning it off he watched her trying to get to the chair and sit down, still trembling as the vibrator was buzzing inside her pussy. His sexy girlfriend barely got up on that chair to spread her legs for him, still screaming, unable to talk. Her pussy was dripping wet as she started moving towards the bed, unable to think properly from all the pleasure. She lied down and spread her legs as wide as possible and managed to pull the vibrator out a bit, just to catch her breath and show him how juicy her pussy has gotten. Her cunt was leaking like a faucet. He used the opportunity to make her suck on his cock. Out of her mind from being so horny, she took his whole shaft deep down her throat and started slobbering all over it. The sexy girl swallowed his cock deep, choking on it, making it and her face all wet and messy from her saliva and his precum. While he was fucking her face, he reinserted the vibrator in her pussy and turned it on, making her choke on his cock while shaking and cumming again on the vibrator. Soon they both could not take it anymore and after a long wet and sloppy oral session and her numerous shaking orgasms, he grabbed his girlfriend from behind and shoved his huge throbbing cock balls deep in her cunt, pounding her doggy style. She was screaming and moaning even harder, unable to think, just taking his big fat dick inside her, feeling it stretch her whole, dripping all over it. He kept turning her around, changing positions in which she would impale her. Her juicing pussy throbbed and spasmed wildly around his cunt stretching cock. It was stronger than any orgasm she’d ever experienced in her life. He held her in his arms as she writhed and spasmed on top of him, screaming and gritting her teeth. Her hips were pressed tight against his, not moving, keeping the full length of his cockshaft buried to the balls inside her spasming vagina, her big tits mashing into his chest. Her pulsating pussy tunnel sucked and shivered around his prickshaft. He pulled out till just the head of his big dick was trapped between her clasping cunt lips, then pulled back in to slam the twitching knob against the mouth of her womb. The girl collapsed on the bed, shivering as the waves of pleasure overtook her.   After a while, even though she was barely able to stand, she kept begging him to fuck her harder and harder. The sexy teen babe kept cumming even more on his cock before he couldn’t take much more and as he felt her pussy convulse again he started cumming deep inside her. He kept plowing his colossal cock meat into her cunt hole with brutal, burying his cockshaft to the balls on every stroke. He was ramming his cock in and out of her sloppily sucking cunt channel as hard and fast as he could. He shot a huge warm load deep inside her warm pussy, giving her the most amazing creampie. His girlfriend was lying on her back, happy horny and satisfied, rubbing her sensitive clit with hot cum spilling out of her pussy and down her thighs on the bed. However, he had another huge load ready for her and she was ready for more. Having orgasmed many times and having her pussy pulsate from pleasure she dropped on her knees, wanting to repay him in any way possible. Still horny, she started fondling her huge tits with her mouth open and tongue out right in front of his cock, looking at him seductively, ready to swallow every last drop. Watching that scene, it didn’t take him long before he shot another thick load of cum all over her pretty face and in her mouth.