What started off as an innocent day at the pool is about to become one of the sexiest foursomes that you’ve ever seen in your life. It starts off with some fun, the girls seem to be taking some really sexy photos while their dads watch them by the pool from a distance. It all seems harmless but the girls seem to be getting really intimate with each other. Their dads just don’t seem to get why their daughters are so into each other instead of being into some of the guys. Meanwhile, the girls decide to head inside for some fun away from their dads. The young lesbians take off their skimpy bikinis and start having some really sexy fun. They do such a good job at licking pussy that they get turned on to the point where they both want to penetrate the other one. And so the girls settle the dispute by employing a double-sided dildo. Their dads just seem to end up passing the room that they’re in and one quick glance through the glass door reveals what they’re doing inside. The dads are outraged and they storm in. When they walk in on them fucking a double-ended dildo together, they cannot ignore it any longer! They take their daughter to the living room to scold them but end up having a change of heart and want to make this a learning experience instead. They start telling them that they shouldn’t be venturing into some of these lesbian activities without learning how to love a man first. The girls have to know how to properly pleasure a guy and see if they’re into that before they decide to go full-out lesbo. Besides, they seem to be into dildos, so what’s stopping them from being into cock as well.   The dads swap the daughters and decide to teach them a thing or two about straight sex. The old perverts do so by shoving their cocks in their mouths and then start face fucking their daughters hard. After that, they start fucking them in the bedroom on the bed and they do it so hard that they forget what they were scolding them for and it just ends up turning into a rough foursome. They end up sucking cock, taking it up their pussies, and even rimming each other like true bi girls. The dads pound each others daughters out doggystyle on the bed. But as they do, the girls find themselves kissing and eating each others pussies. Amazing! This is Daughter Swap at its best, two hot girls making out while the dads schoolin them with that dick. At the end the girls can finally feel what it’s like to cum on a cock. The girls beg their dads to cum on them. “We wanna see what it’s like to get our faces splashed with cum. Please cum all over us!” With their faces covered with cum, the daughters reveal that they like boys and big cocks. Get used to it, dads!