What’s a horny man to do if he finds a cute teenie in pink fishnets laying down on his bed? Well, I know I’d get that babe’s pussy out as soon as possible, and that’s exactly what I did! After tearing the fishnets up, I started playing with her pussy. She has a very cute 18 year old pussy. Her pussy is bald and her inner lips are hidden inside out of sight. I spread her tight pussy lips to reveal her slit. I can’t help licking on that young teen pussy. I push the babe down on the bed, spread her legs, and start licking her out nicely through the hole in the crotch. My tongue glides across her pussy lips, and it strikes her clitoris. The vibrations make the teen girl shake in immense pleasure, and my tongue pushes into her insides slightly at times. Now the girl wants to see my cock. She pulls my jeans down staring in amazement, holding and touching my “meat”. She is absolutely so cute and adorable. What a nice face. The little slut takes the head of my cock into her mouth and slowly sucks it and licks it. She slides her mouth down on my cock while I hold onto her head and make sure she does not move too fast. Then, I get both of my hands on her head, and I start jamming my cock deep inside of that warm throat of hers. I slap my cock all over her pretty face, and I slap it on her tongue when she gets it out. The teen cutie starts licking my nuts, and I jerk off while she does that. Her cute face turns me on so much. Her head bobs backward and forward and she struggles to take the thing down her throat. Small girls with big butts and great energy are always a winning combination. Then the cutie spreads her legs for me on the sofa and lets me rub on her pussy with my fat dong. I push my cock into her tight pussy slit and hold it deep inside her. I pull out fast and push in slow, then pull out slow and push in hard. I grab onto her legs, and I start drilling her pussy hard while she moans and stares directly at me. She is so beautiful I just want to fuck her and cum all over that cute face of hers. I move my hips as fast as I can while she moans and stares at the big cock as it enters her tight little pussy.   I get her titties out, and I squeeze them a bit, and she starts squeezing them as well. It must be so entertaining for her to have something bouncing underneath her chin as she takes my dick. She looks at me dead in the eye as I hold onto her leg and move my hips as quickly as I can. The sexy teen gets on top of me now, and I grab that big ass while my dick goes in and out of her tight little pussy. She is one gorgeous piece of ass – super cute and sexy as hell. I like big asses on tiny girls! She rides me and moans loudly for me as I move her hips gently, and she takes my cock deep inside of her. She puts her hand on my shoulders and even squeezes my chest, but I do the same for her, as her breasts are just straight up delicious to me. The teen cutie moves her hips backward and forwards and rides me while I hold onto her big ass. We switch the positions up a little bit, and her amazing ass is now in my face as she works my cock in reverse cowgirl. Are tiny girls allowed to have asses this big? She keeps riding up and down and moans loudly, and she lets me know that I’m tearing her insides up the right way. I squeeze her thighs hard, and the cock enters her all the way inside, I can feel her pussy tighten as she is cumming.