I was having my girlfriend on her back on the bed with her panties off and legs spread wide, ready to be fucked. She is this gorgeous, young, dark-haired babe with the perkiest tits ever, cute face and skinny body with tight, little, pink pussy. She was already wet when I approached her and put the tip of my fat cock in her tight cunt, slowly entering her. She moaned as I soon picked up the pace and started railing her balls deep. Still wearing her cute pink bra she jumped on top of me to ride me, fuck my dick with her little pussy. I thought my babe would let me cum in her mouth as usual but she had something else on her mind. She put a blindfold on me and took my huge shaft in her mouth. While pretending to keep sucking my cock, she sneaks her sexy Asian bestie into the room so she could suck me while she watches! I felt two different mouths slobbering all over my dick so I took the blindfold off and saw another girl with my cock in her mouth, that stunningly hot Asian chick struggling to take my huge meat in her petite mouth. I couldn’t believe my GF wanted me have sex with another woman but I sure did love it. After the girls made my dick all wet and slippery, they both went on their knees and presented me with their dripping pussies. I took my girlfriend’s hot friend from behind and started pounding her deep from the start. She was screaming as I was destroying her pussy rough and hard. My girl was watching and rubbing her pussy in ecstasy. We all kept changing positions. Soon after, tiny Asian was on top of me, impaling herself balls deep and cumming before the girls changed places. Now she watched my girlfriend fucking herself with my dick while she kissed and licked her and spat on her pussy and my dick, keeping us all wet and horny, all the while rubbing herself and masturbating. Then the young naked girls stuck their bubble asses out for me to fuck and I fucked one pussy while fingering the other. Both girls were arching their backs, made subconscious humping motions toward my cock, their asses high up in the air as I fucked them. After they both came a couple of times I reached my edge too so I sprayed them both, cumming all over their faces and watchng them kiss. It is such a treat to watch hot young cum sluts suck and fuck! Who agrees with me? 