I have been waiting quite some time for my sexy brunette friend Autumn to turn 18 so I could cast her in one of my amateur porn films and it finally happened! Yes, yesterday was her 18th birthday, and today she is casting for porn for the first time. The sultry New Yorker makes her big titties bounce under her tank top with a big smile on her lovely face. We are just getting started and she’s already to take it all off and give me a better look at those big, plump watermelon boobs with perky nipples shooting at me like tiny darts. She is one of those young girls with natural beauty. Feeling her all natural tits that are so young, so full, and so big felt like nothing else I’ve felt in a very long time. She turns over and wiggles her butt while pulling her skimpy denim shorts down and showing me that fine piece of ass. Big, round and brown, just the way I like it! On the couch and with her legs spread wide open, she uses her fingers to open that pink cunt and show me her snatch, already glistening with her gushing juices. I cup her tits in my hands and sink my head between her legs, eating out her raw sushi cunt. The busty naked teen gets down on her knees and swallows my rod, sucking it succulently, with unbridled passion. Having watched so much porn this girl really knows how to suck my cock. I put the sexy teen babe in missionary position and ram my hard cock deep inside her pussy. I slip slowly in and out, savouring the feeling of her young mouth around my cock. I start pounding her hard and hearing her moan at the top of her lungs with pleasure. She’s not afraid to let it show just how much she likes having a dick inside of her. The naked girl gets on top, squats over my cock and rides me in reverse cowgirl and her big natural tits are bouncing all over the place! I keep pounding her really good, we fuck doggy style, cowgirl, she gives me titjob with her big soft tits and I even fuck her in the air Superman style! She begs me to blow my load all over her sexy face and those big melons. 