In her sexy yellow sundress, this gorgeous brunette babe had me hooked. She was so cute and playful that I couldn’t stop thinking about filling her with cum! You know that feeling! I invited her over to my place and she played around the pool, hiking up her dress and teasing me with her sexy ass in a lacey thong riding up her crack. After teasing me silly for what seemed to be forever, she finally skipped inside, signaling me to follow her to the bedroom. Stripped down to her sexy thong, the naked girl unzipped my jeans and held my big throbbing member in her soft hands with a delightful look in her face, like if she was holding a prized treasure, full of so much creamy cum to pump inside her nubile body. Starting at the base of my shaft, the hot teen slid her slick tongue all the way up to the tip, catching the first droplets of dewy precum and popping my dick inside her hot mouth for an amazing, exquisite and titillating blowjob. She slurped it up and jerked it at the same time, sending tingles down my balls and up my spine, oh, what a feeling. My cock was full mast and she deep throated it all the way down to the base. The young naked teen climbed on top of me, straddling herself on my lap and guiding my heat seeking meat missile into her tight clam, riding me in cowgirl position. She bit her lips, moaned loudly, arching her sexy naked body back and taking it all in. If she kept working my cock like this, I knew it wouldn’t be long before she made me blow my load, and she let me now that if that happened, she wanted me to cum inside of her and give her a sticky creampie! Or many! The more the merrier!   That’s all the motivation I needed, as I put her down on her hands and knees and plowed her wet muff doggy style from behind as hard, as fast and as deep as I could, blowing my load inside of her and pumping lots of hot jizz that dripped and oozed between her thighs and down my balls as we kept fucking. With my spunk injected inside of her, the hot teen got on top and rode me in cowgirl position, as if possessed by the power of the mighty creampie, LOL! The squishy sound of the cum inside of her vagina as we fucked was such a big turn on, it didn’t take me long to cum yet again and deliver another sticky creampie into her gushing cunt. She could feel spurt after spurt flooding her pussy. The feeling of me sperm shooting up into her body and completely draining my balls made her even hornier. Filled to the brim with my man juice, this dirty slut still wanted more, flipping into reverse cowgirl and thrusting her pelvis against my cock, hell bent on milking every single creampie from my balls until I was left empty and she was full and overflowing with my spunk!