This sexy brunette teen and her boyfriend have been invited to a party and she is doing her best to style her man for a night out. While she picks some shirts for him to try on, he seems far more interested to get her out of her clothes instead. You know, men! Well, she is getting quite randy watching her man changing into those elegant shirts, so why not take a break from all the styling and get on to some hot banging? The teen girl pulls down her pink top and plays with her soft breasts while watching his dick get bigger and harder. She goes into the bathroom and peels her tight denims down her heavenly ass and sultry thighs, revealing a sexy black lace thong riding down the crack of her picture perfect ass. She comes back, wearing one of his shirts and looks so damn hot in it. Down on her knees, she tries to help him with his jeans when he turns over and is standing in front of her with his cock inches from her face. She smiles and presents his cock to her beautiful lips. She so loves to suck His cock, the feel of it against her lips makes her pussy quiver. The young teen takes it off while grabbing his big dick, sucking and stroking it. It’s so big and thick, she chokes and gags on it while deepthroating it and pretty soon she has lots of saliva splattered on her milky jugs. While he jerks off, he makes her lie down on her bell on the bed so he can rub her wet cunt and eat out her asshole at the same time. After tossing her delicious salad he pushes his rock hard cock into her gushing pussy and nails her from behind against the bed. He even spanks that cute little ass until it’s red. The naked girl rides on his cock and takes it from every angle and position. She begins twerking her shapely ass all over his dick. I’m completely hypnotized watching the waves of flesh ripple across her gorgeous ass. He keeps fucking her from behind, on her side, with her legs behind her head, cumming all over her face. By the time they finish fucking they will be late for the party.  