This filthy rich housewife lives a life of luxury and excess, to the point that she finds it hard to be entertained. Who would think something as trivial as plumbing problems would be the kind of trouble this filthy rich slut needed? She calls Seth, the plumber to take care of the problem. He’s a tall, handsome guy and while he’s checking out the plumbing in her shower, she’s checking out his package! The sexy bitch slips a bundle of cash into his tool belt to make it worth his time and makes out with him. She disrobes, showing off her sexy black lace lingerie and guiding the plumber to the bedroom, where she feasts on his rock hard erection, massaging it thoroughly with her hands and her slick tongue. She deep throats his member and gets it soaking with her warm saliva, dripping down the plumber’s balls and even soaking her luxurious bed sheets. After stripping naked, the babe lets him eat her pussy while jerking his rod. The naked babe is squirming, writhing on the bed while his tongue is working its magic. She wants him inside her now, urgently. She climbs on top and pushes it inside her, riding him in cowgirl position. She takes him deep, grinding her cunt onto his rigid cock, matching his pace, moving her cunt back and forth on his thick, hard, throbbing cock. The handyman puts the sexy slut down on all fours, pounding her sweet cunt doggy style from behind, making sure to leave her pipes unclogged with his throbbing erection. She gets sideways and screams at the top of her lungs while getting plowed by him, climbing back on top and impaling herself on his meat pole in reverse cowgirl position. Grabbing her from underneath her thighs, he has her sexy legs up in mid air while pounding her tight muff. Her big tits are swaying as he thrusts more and more of his hard cock into her. He slams his cock into her furiously, pounding her so hard that she is pushed forward onto the bed. Back on all fours, he slaps her ass and keeps giving her dick until she’s totally satisfied! 