These students were ready to endure yet another boring, long and tedious sex education course, that is, until they caught a glimpse of their new Sex Ed teacher, a stunning brunette babe with big tits in a tight dress hugging each and every hot curve in her mind blowing body! The best thing about her teaching methodology is that she prefers to skip all the boring theory and get deep into practice, with many live examples! The sexy teacher sits on top of her desk and hikes up her dress. She’s not wearing any panties, just her pantyhose, so the students can get a good close up look at her pussy. Then she pulls her big tits over her dress and the students in the front row are drooling at the sight, but she has her eyes set on the handsome, silent black student sitting in the back of the class. She knows the quiet ones are the best lovers. She picks him for a hands-on instructional fucking and after making the nerd stand in front of the class and strip naked, she motorboats him with her big boobs and makes him suck on her puffy nipples. The teacher wraps his big black cock between her tits and gives him a boob job in front of the class. Then she lies back over her desk, spreads her legs wide open as he rips her pantyhose at the crotch. She tells him to bring his mouth to her cunt and eat her out. Sex education course implies that students should learn to please a woman and the Sex Ed teacher wants this nerd to make her cum before getting him to fuck her dripping wet pussy for the entire class to see! She drops to her knees and stiffs her mouth with that hefty black sausage, sucking and stroking it. Back on her legs, he pushes it inside her wet muff and nails her hard. She continues to teach him how to fuck a woman, making him to grab her boobs and rub her clit. Then the half naked teacher gets on top so she can ride it in reverse cowgirl position, the most favorite position of all women. After riding the nerd the fully naked woman leans against her desk so he can fuck her from behind. He grabs her hips and slams himself into her, driving his big black cock deep into her cunt. Looking down, the teen boy sees her big tits banging against each other. He doesn’t know how to cum on a woman’s face or her boobs yet so she has to teach him. He keeps fucking his sexy naked teacher until he drains a big load on her beautiful titties and in her mouth. 