A large alien spacecraft landed in the desert and a government agency immediately set off to discover their intentions. Their gorgeous scientist, Madison was the first one to establish any kind of contact and she helped one of their kind, attractive blonde Jessa, enter their tent. Another scientist that was there got started and wanted to phone for help but she stopped and reassured him everything will be ok, convincing him this is the best way of making contact. The girls both dropped down on their knees and started slobbering all over his shaft. While these two hot babes were sucking him off they undressed completely naked, with Jessa deepthroating his cock and Madison kneeling behind her, fingering her pussy and licking her asshole. After a while, the naked girls changed positions with Madison wanting to get a taste of his hard shaft and Jessa standing up to have her perfect tits licked. Having made his cock rock-hard and all slippery, the sexy naked babe stood up and sat on it with her dripping wet pussy. She immediately slid all the way down, taking it all inside of her. The gorgeous naked girl was jumping hard on him, up and down, impaling herself balls deep while the other girl was kneeling on a desk behind him, sitting with her pussy on his face, moaning as he licked her. Soon after, she was also hungry for his cock stretching her pussy so she made them change positions. She bent over near the desk and had Madison lie on it and spread her legs. She dove into her pussy with her warm wet tongue just as he started drilling her pink cunt balls deep from behind. He held her and pounded her long and hard and had the naked girls both scream in pleasure before they all lied down and Madison jumped on him. She started riding him like a horny cowgirl, all the while kissing Jessa who was sitting on his face, having her pussy licked. It is so sexy watching two girls fucking one guy, riding his cock and his face together.   The babes kept slowing down and picking up the pace as they wanted, moaning and cumming on his cock and face before they again changed positions. Now, dazzling Jessa was jumping on his cock, craving for more, impaling herself deeper and harder, wanting to feel every inch of him stretching her pussy. Madison was right next to her, teasing and rubbing her, kissing her and squeezing her tits, making her cum violently while being pounded. They all kept shifting and changing positions, enjoying each other in every way possible before all three of them ended up on their knees, Madison railed hard from behind, doggy style, licking Jessa who was on all fours in front of her, screaming and begging for more. He kept drilling the hot naked girls both with his huge hard cock and they kept licking each other, screaming moaning and cumming before he finally reached his edge too and shot his sticky warm load all over them, watching them all hot and wet, fondling and kissing themselves, enjoying the amazing fucking they just had. Watch out for all the episodes!