This ravishing little black-haired babe was walking around my house in her bathrobe. She is my sister’s friend and was our house guest for a while and she quickly adapted to our home and acted as if it was hers. As she walked past me her robe slipped and I saw her naked for a moment. She has the tightest ass ever and a perfect young body. I was sure the little slut let it go on purpose revealing her glorious nude body to me. However, the young naked girl picked her robe back up and went to the other room without looking at me. Soon after, I heard a faint moaning coming from her room and went there to see what’s going on. I saw her fully naked sitting on a couch, legs spread wide, rubbing her pussy, screaming and moaning. I interrupted her with applause for the performance but not before I’d recorded her with my phone. Startled, the naked girl covered up and tried to send me away but I easily convinced her into having some fun with me by showing her I have a video of her doing some rather naughty stuff. With no way out the girl agreed to show me her sexy body for start. She has these gorgeous perky tits and cute little nipples and is overall super fit and slim. Seeing her tiny pussy with a small sexy bush made me extremely horny. I made her turn around and bend over, to show me both of her tight holes, and that tigth ass was right in my face! I started rubbing her pussy a bit. That turned her on too as I felt her getting wet on my fingers. The naked girl dropped down on her knees and unzipped my pants, taking out my already hard cock out. Sister’s friend took it in her mouth and started slobbering all over it. She sucks cock like a pro, swallowing it whole, taking it deep down her throat, choking when she’d lose her breath. I got so horny I grabbed her by the back of her head and fucked her mouth deep and hard and she took it like a champ. After a long and steamy blowjob session, the girl was dripping wet, and I was rock-hard so she turned around on all fours and presented me with her tight pussy. I love when girls bend over to give a perfect view of the perfect ass. God, that ass, made me wanna stick my dick in there and go to town.   Slowly, I started entering her, spreading her wide, pushing my whole shaft deep inside of her. It wasn’t long before I was pounding her hard, going faster and faster, drilling her balls deep. The sexy girl screamed and moaned as I held her ass and pulling her towards me, impaling her vigorously. The temptation to keep spanking that tight ass was irresistible, to see the way it bounced as I thrust into her. She wanted to feel me enter her in different positions so we kept changing and switching. Her young cunt was squeezing my cock, her ass massaging me to the point perfect orgasm. She would climb on top of me and ride me like a horny little cowgirl while I was rubbing her clit or lie on her back and spread her flexible legs all the way behind her head as I’d pound her pussy raw, every now and then taking my cock out of her and sucking on it to taste our juices. That went on long until I reached my edge and sprayed her full of hot cum.