Men dream about dating sex-starved chicks, but let me tell you, those people have no idea how challenging that can be. For a few weeks, I’m in a relationship with this blonde girl that is a self-confessed nympho. She needs sex all the time and begs me to fuck her whenever I can as she can’t function properly until her needs are satisfied. Her specialty is squirting, once I enter the room, all I can see is her lying in the wet patch as she is still toying her wet pussy. Her pussy was gushing! She knows this will turn me on in seconds, so without saying a word, I lose my clothes. As I stand there, the little slut goes down on her knees and starts to suck my dick as I grab a remote controller and start giving her orgasms, as a vibrator is still in her pussy. She is a fighter, so she is doing her best to continue sucking me like nothing is happening. Still, that doesn’t last for long as she moves away and shakes uncontrollably on the floor while screaming. For the next phase, I start fingering her pussy preparing her for massive impaling doggy style. The best thing about nymphos is that they appreciate all your efforts. I still can’t figure out what is her favorite pose as no matter what we try, she always looks like she has lost her mind. For the first few times, I was a bit afraid that my giant cock might hurt her, but now I know there are no limits. The pain is a good thing for her as it only makes her orgasms wilder. No matter what I do, she never told me she wants a break. Her body begins convulsing with pleasure, easily the most powerful orgasm I have ever seen her or any other woman have. Her pussy is flooding with pleasure juices as she cums, making fantastic and raunchy noises as I pound my cock in and out of her hot cunt. She is like a live sex toy that you could use in whatever way you would like.   Just look at her as she loses her mind riding me. As she comes, she squirts once more, so her whole body is already wet. I ignore her convulsions and keep pounding into her as her pussy keeps cumming and squirting on me with each thrust. She keeps squirting and cumming and squirting uncontrollably! I pound into her again and again. Her young naked body convulsing and shaking, she is yelling in orgasm. I can only grab her legs and keep fucking her as she is unable to speak, but gives me signals that she likes what I’m doing. Her juices powerfully squirting out of her contracting pussy. That is too much for me, so I have to cum inside and cream her meat hole. Filling her snatch with my load is the best feeling in the world, and judging by her smile, I know she likes it too. As my boner is still hard, I continue fucking her until it’s clear to me that she can’t take it anymore. As I pull my dick out, I shower her tits, emptying the rest of my load.