Blonde is feeling lazy today, so when her friend asks for help in the kitchen, she finds excuses. It’s one of these days when it feels like there is nothing that could inspire her. Still, everything changes once a non-suspecting man comes to visit them. Even though he came around just to hang for a bit, lusty blonde has other plans, as her hands are already on his pants. As her friend is still busy doing dishes, the little slut goes down on her knees and starts to suck his dick. She is stealthy knowing that she can’t make a sound. It’s a risky situation, but that’s why it turns her on. When her friend goes to the table and asks where she is, a guy quickly tells her that she went to the bathroom. At the same time, the slutty blonde still has a shaft in her mouth as her panties are getting wet. She did have a few experiences like this, but it’s still a rare occasion. In her mind, she feels like the dirtiest slut, and something even thinks would be like if she got caught? Other girls can only be jealous, as she knows they would love to be in her position. As her roommate goes away, the coast is clear, so she can stand up, remove her panties and let her lover put his tongue in her ass. Her meat hole is already dripping wet, so he goes deep inside. Once they see her friend climbing the stairs, like ninjas they move away, letting her wonder what is going on. They move away in the bedroom as she starts riding his boner, controlling the rhythm. The sexy naked girl doesn’t have to keep quiet any more as her screams fill the room. His boner is back in her mouth, but this time they try something different, as he starts fucking her throat. For the next phase, horny blonde tries reversed cowgirl, thinking she has the best time of her life.   Shouting from her friend brings her back to reality, as they stop fucking. They manage to hide, and once the coast is clear, he nails her snatch doggy style, while slapping her tight ass behind. What a great little body with a perfect ass! She always was a bit submissive as she enjoys being his sex toy. As they go for missionary pose, hot teen still wants more, as she rubs her pussy even though his cock is still inside. The young girl comes wildly making an incredible amount of noise like she doesn’t even care if someone will see them or not. The only thing on her mind is for him to fuck her as long as he can, as she continues to have orgasms one after another. The final act comes as he pulls his dick out and decides to spray the load all over her smiling face, for the perfect finish. Her friend might be wondering what has happened, but she surely won’t tell her the truth. Maybe the next phase would be to involve her for a steamy threesome!