With her cute little ass and gorgeous blonde hair my stepsister is hard to keep your eyes off of. I thought she gave me signs more than a few times, so once our parents decided to go on a holiday and leave us all alone, I knew that was the perfect time to get in her panties. I saw her in the kitchen half-naked, so I grabbed her ass reminding her of the time we fucked in camp. After I slapped her ass, she acted angrily, but I could see that smile on her face like she is happy that I finally made a move. She grabbed my dick, so that was the final confirmation of her wishes. I told my step sister to go on her knees and start sucking my shaft. I desperately wanted to have her sweet lips around my cock again right then. Man, was I hard at the moment like I never was in my life. She is barely legal, gorgeous, and man, she can suck a cock! Everyone in the world knows how wrong this is, but at the same time, I know everyone would die to be in my place. I never need to play with her pussy as she was dripping wet, so I shoved my boner straight into her. It’s hard to explain how good it felt to be inside of her little pussy as she was already moaning like crazy. Looking at her pretty face only motivates you to fuck her harder, as no matter what I did, she could handle. The sight of my naked sister pushing her cute little ass back onto my cock was amazing. She looked so good sitting on the stool with her legs wide apart, smiling and looking at my cock sliding between her fat pussy lips. I was ready to fill her little pussy with cum. Still, our adventure ended prematurely, as someone was at the door. While that was disappointing, I knew I need to be patient. The next time I caught her in her room dressed only in a hoodie and panties. I wasted no time as I fingered her senselessly before she took the initiative and started riding my schlong with full power. I have a lot of experience with other girls, but she is way above them.   My sister feels like an experienced whore or porn stars as her performance is blowing my mind every time. I was surprised continuously, and the best part was when she took it balls deep, riding me reverse cowgirl style. Personally, I prefer doggy style, and as I penetrated her, she spread her ass cheeks, as I had a perfect view of her butthole. I couldn’t stop thinking about exploring her asshole, and I’m pretty sure that will happen soon. My young naked sister was on her back, moaning and arching her back high above the bed. I got so excited that I couldn’t take it much longer so emptied my balls straight on her face, as she caught my semen with her tongue, smiling in the process. It was literally cum shower! That was a sight to be seen as I felt like this was the best fuck of my lifetime. Later on, she was on the phone, before she could protest I shoved my prick into her mouth. It was her boyfriend but it didn’t stop the little slut from sucking on my cock and swallowing my load.