This young blonde was always hooked on watching porn and dreaming about becoming a star. The idea of earning money while having fun fucking seems perfect to her, so that’s why she wants to film herself and check how good she is. She is in her kitchen as she is uncovering her fat ass. She could already feel that her pussy is dripping wet as she knows what’s coming. Her gigantic breasts are next on display as she goes down on her knees and starts sucking her lover’s cock with incredible passion. Every second, his shaft is getting bigger in her mouth as she tries to get down her throat. What she desperately needs is to have it deep in her pussy, so when he bends her over the kitchen counter and impales her, that is the best feeling in the world for her. It’s not like they didn’t do that before, but it’s different now that they are making a home video. He grabs onto her hips and starts pounding his cock in and out of her tight pussy. With one hand he grabs a handful of her hair and pulls her head back, she likes it. In her mind, that is something new and exciting, especially if she decides to put this online. She might not be sure about that, but she could imagine people lusting over her and writing comments about how much they would love to impale her. But first, the blonde needs to prove herself. The sexy girl is on the kitchen counter with her legs spread wide open. He moves his cock up and down on her slit, getting it wet with her juice, teasing her clit with his cock before pushing it in her thigh little twat. She is looking straight into his eyes, feeling his cock deep into her vagina, moaning and grunting with every move of his cock.   His horny girlfriend saw all these porn stars performing facial, when a man cums on a woman’s face, covering it with cum. She tells him she wants him to cum all over her face this time. As her man is finally ready to cum, she begs him to do it on her face. She is not afraid to keep her eyes open as he sprays his load all over her face before she takes his schlong back in her mouth. His balls must be empty judging by the amount of semen that covers her. That is the best proof she knows how to handle a cock! Still, her private movie is not complete! A few hours later they are back, this time in the living room. Busty blonde is again riding his shaft as her giant breasts are bouncing. She could feel that she took it deeper this time. She starts to scream wildly as she is so proud of her achievement. Now finally she loses control as there are no limits anymore. The filthiest words are going out of her mouth as her man continues to fuck her roughly and once again finishes, this time on her big boobs.