Have you ever seen your sister masturbating? I caught her playing with her tight little pussy and she was very, very horny. Once the magic wand was pressed tightly against her wonderful pink clit, it vibrated until she started shaking from the immense pleasure she was experiencing. Once she was dripping wet, covered in all her juices that were leaking from her warm hole, I decided to dive in. My face headed towards her pussy and ate her tight little cunt as if it was the last thing I’ll ever do. I circled her clit with the tip of my tongue and her legs began to shake and she had another orgasm. As time went on, she found it harder to endure my tongue down there. She hits the floor, and once she’s on her knees, my boxers are pulled down. She must had noticed how I was touching myself while I was eating her out! My cock was already rock hard, and once it was out in the open she started licking on it all over. The way she sucked dick was amazing…it was sloppy and slutty. You just have to appreciate it when a girl does something like that to you. Later on, the young naked girl tried to deepthrooat it. Once her throat had enough, she decided that it was time for her to fit this pole inside of her cute little pussy. My cock was all lubed up from all the spit and precum covering it, and her hole was super wet. The sight of my naked step sister lowering herself onto my big cock was amazing. She started bouncing up and down on me and the sensations were incredible. She was screaming loudly as she raised herself up before slamming herself back down. She seemed now to be in one, endless orgasm. Her beautiful naked body was trembling and she kept screaming with orgasm. I grabbed her waist and began pounding into her but she couldn’t have enough of it. I decided to hit it from the back, I turned her over, pulled her to me and my cock slid right into her cunt. I fucked her from the rear and she couldn’t stop shaking from all the tremendous pleasure she was feeling.   I grabbed her hips and pulled her hard onto my cock again and again. Time to time, she begged me to pull out because she couldn’t endure all the stuff she was going through. Another scream and her nails clenched at the back of the sofa. She couldn’t control her body anymore. She was screaming, crying and I could hear my cock squishing her juices with each thrust. My step sister got on top of me once more, I wrapped my arms around her, and I kept fucking her little pussy so hard that she had to grit her teeth. She screamed with every thrust as I pounded my cock into her like a jackhammer. She could barely take my length inside of her tight little hole, her tiny body still convulsing in endless orgasm. She squirmed and begged me to stop at times, but I only gave her tiny breaks, and then continued drilling her right away. I pinned her down to the bed, and kept destroying her wet cunt while both of her legs were up in the air. She kept using the magic wand on her clit while I shoved my dick deep down inside of her. Whenever the drilling got too intense for her, she pressed her leg against my thigh and pushed me away. However, as I said, I only decided to give her small breaks. The pound train never really stops.