When you work as a casting director, you see lots of different girls, but not all of them are capable of becoming a porn star. Today I met this sexy blonde college girl. What I like about her was not only her looks but the enthusiasm she showed me. She was smiling, looking genuinely happy for this opportunity. I was intrigued as she showed me her panties at the bus stop and on the streets, not worrying if someone will see her. Still, I told her we should go to my place before we get arrested. She smiled and said that she always loved masturbation in public places. Once at home, she did a very sexy striptease dance to music, showing me her shaved pussy and perky tits that begged to be fucked, but there are other things to do first. I asked to spread her legs and show me her pussy, instructing her to touch her pussy which she did without hesitation. Her young pussy was so beautiful, so delicious. Completely shaven, it looked so smooth and so tempting. She traced the fleshy folds of her pussy using her fingers. What the sexy teen did next was to use a butt plug, and even though it was huge, she took it deep in her rectum. This girl is a natural as I can see her becoming an anal queen. There are no limits for her as she took a giant blue dildo in her snatch before she showed me the depth of her pussy. The young naked girl stretched her vagina with her fingers, holding her pussy open and exposing her clit. I’m pretty sure she could handle two dicks in there! She has one another talent, as I figured out as she squirted! Even she was surprised! Finally, she used another giant dildo to sit on it, showing me her dick riding skills, as a huge smile was still on her pretty face. I couldn’t belive how fit her body was, and how perfect and flawless her butt looked. She is having fun, and I’m sure that she’ll do fine in this business. As she came once more in front of my eyes, I told her that she is hired. People will be blown away when they see her taking massive dicks in all of her holes. 