I’ve been working as a masseur for a few years now, but the business was pretty slow. Everything changed once I started giving pussy massages like I did today. Since I’ve been doing that I made a lot of faithful customers and this young brunette is one of them. It’s hard to concentrate and stay professional, but I never do anything until I get an amen from a girl. That happens every time, though, as when I start massaging their pussies, the girls get incredibly horny in seconds. My cold professionalism only makes them want it even more, as their lust grows in seconds. It’s not any different today as my hands were on her big all natural boobs, rubbing and massaging them. Then on her lovely pussy as I oiled up her fat ass. For the next move, I always have a vibrator ready. This toy made her cum almost instantly, pussy juices were running from her hole, her pussy lips were slick with wetness. These young girls have an amazing ability to experience female ejaculation, their pussies are so sensitive. The girl finally took the initiative, putting my already hard shaft in her mouth. What started as a cock sucking, soon turned into throat fucking. She pleasured my rod in her hot, young mouth and this girl was a natural talent. I started penetrating her pussy without mercy, going balls deep into her wet cunt in missionary style. Looking into my eyes, her eyes showed me that she knew I was going to cum in her. She felt my cock was ready to explode and it turned her more. One deep thrust and my cum erupted into her vagina, pumping jets of hot cum into her. She looked into my eyes, enjoying the feeling of my hot cum filling her up. My cock was still throbbing. I tuened her over and kept fucking her from behind. Her big bubble ass was in front of me and I unloaded my seed so hard into her cunt that I granted loud and almost passed out of the pleasure. Cum was leaking down her thighs in thick globs. The young naked girl wanted more cum, she climbed on top of me and started riding me, slamming her amazing ass hard down onto me. Her big tits were bouncing up and down. The young busty girl was so hot and I couldn’t believe my good fortune as I watched another huge creampie leaking out of her pussy. I fucked her in every position, watching her cumming as she screamed. Finally I came for the final time, as her snatch was a total mess! 