I love Saturday afternoons in sunny LA. That’s usually the time when I go for a hike. That’s excellent training and it was so peaceful until the moment I heard someone yelling. I followed the voice to see what is going on, and then I saw a teenage girl, looking worried. She was desperately trying to find her dog. I could not but notice that her body was pure perfection and she looked very young, no older than 20. Her see-through dress revealed a lot, but that’s not unusual for LA. I offered her my help, suggesting that we should go to my house, as from the balcony you can see the whole area. That should help her find her dog! Luckily she accepted, and just as we went to my home, she told me she found out that her dog is at her neighbors. That was a relief, and things got even better as the teen girl told me she wants to have sex with me as I didn’t try to hit on her when she was down. What surprised me is that she gave me her leash, asking me to use it on her. What if she is a psycho? Still, the offer was too tempting to resist, and if she wants to by my slave, I guess she is only a slut who likes to be dominated. I put her on a leash as I gave her a vibrator. Her young pussy was dripping wet in seconds as by her screaming I could figure out that she was already coming. A stream of pussy juice ran out of her little pussy. By now, I figured she is not a serial killer but a nympho that needs a cock all the time. When she took my rod inside of her mouth, she looked so desperate, like she hadn’t tasted one in months. I grabbed her pigtails and began fucking her face, raming my fat cock down her throat. As she started riding me cowgirl style, she asked me to come in her! I couldn’t belive my ears. “Cum in me! I want your cum!” the young naked girl moaned, her pussy spasmed around my throbbing cock “I feel it! Mmmmm, that’s nice and warm” I could feel the cum filling her meat hole, and once I took it out, I could see the semen coming out too. The young teen slut began to play with the cum leaking out of her pussy, pushing in a finger or two bringing out more of my cum. It was so hot. My cock was still rock hard and I needed to bury it deep inside that cute little teenager’s cunt. She impaled her cum filled cunt on my cock and kept slamming herself onto it, making me cum in her one more time. The girl just pushed herself down against me and I exploded my cum deep into her. Her pussy muscles tightened their grip around my cock as her cunt was milking it. She was dripping a thick creampie. It was thick and sticky, like her pussy was drooling. All the noises her pussy made only motivated me to continue as we tried different positions. I nailed her doggy style before going balls deep missionary. I kept flooding her cunt with my hot, sticky seed. I looked down at her pretty young face, her perky titties and her little pussy and it made me ram harder. The naked girl moaned, her pussy twitching madly as the cum squirted out in small spasms. “Cum now… Cum in my mouth! Give me more cum!” She opened her mouth just in time to receive a thick load. I exploded and cum started to shoot everywhere. Her eyes widened and she was jerking my throbbing cock with her small hands, whimpering and moaning as my cock continued to fill her mouth. She was so happy as my seed was running out of her mouth and her pussy together. I kept pounding my seed into her unprotected teenaged womb.   Welcome to the world’s best creampie site! These young girls are so hot and fuck so good that these guys have to shoot MULTIPLE LOADS in their tight pussies in every scene! These little sluts LOVE SPERM! Young naked girls love being filled and showered with hot yummy cummmmm. The girls take one creampie in the pussy, another in the ass. Some even have to take a facial at the end! They are CUMFREAKS! If you’re into cum, then this is the right site for you.