Her parents just moved to the area and we invited this beautiful petite teenie come to our apartment for some fun. She was a stunning little thing, perfect perky tits, long brown hair, tight round butt and eyes so big you could get lost in them. She was talking to my buddy and the very mention of her being five foot three and always the smallest in her group made my cock throb already and eager to pound her senselessly. After fooling around a bit, where I got to grope her young breasts, pinch her nipples and slap her jiggly little butt, she dropped on her knees in front of me. Girl eagerly took my pants down and gasped at the size of my cock. It was bigger than her head; she measured it. Slowly and gently, she took it in her little mouth, only able to fit the tip at first. As she was picking up the pace, she started slobbering on it more freely, fitting more of it inside, licking me with her soft tongue. Still unable to swallow the whole thing, I grabbed the back of her head and started fucking her throat, barely able to shove half of my massive cock before she started choking. When she made me all wet and slippery, I sat down and she was already willing to ride me. Horny little minx didn’t need any more foreplay, she was already dripping wet and slid right on top of me, like a good little cowgirl. “Oh, you’re so big in my pussy,” she moaned clenching her soft pussy walls against my cock. Seeing her sexy little bush made my cock throb harder, if that was even possible. I love girls with hairy pussies. Her pussy was so warm and wet and tight I could feel her stretching from my girth and length, all the while listening to her soft and seductive moans as she impaled her unshaven cunt deeper every time she’d go down. After letting her ride me like that for some time, I placed her down on her back and started pounding her stronger, wanting to ravage her completely with my hard dick.   Her mouth was open as I pounded her pussy, my abdomen slapping loudly against her small ass. We kept changing positions as she wanted to feel me in every way possible. The young naked girl sat on me again, riding me in a reverse cowgirl this time, again jumping deeper with every stroke, impaling herself, before going back on her knees, sucking on my meat with more confidence, swallowing a lot more of it, tasting her juices all over. Having finished blowing me I took her from behind, grabbed her tiny hips and inserted myself balls deep in her pussy. She started moaning again. I was fucking her brains out and she loved it. The sound of my balls slapping her cunt was music to my ears. She was so light and tiny, at one point I picked her up and fucked her while holding her in the air, using her as my own little fucktoy, listening to her scream harder and harder while cumming on my dick. After fucking her wildly and in many different positions, making her lose her breath and cum multiple times I reached my edge too and sprayed her whole face and body with my hot white cum.