Busty brunette and her boyfriend both agreed they should try yoga, especially since they’ve met a teacher who is willing to give them a free lesson. Tight see-through pink leggings, cute teal top that shows off her pokies. Stretching, flexing her light legs. Bending for the perfect view of her pussy lips. The other girl is in transparent yellow leggings showing off a trimmed bush peeking out from underneath. Tight spaghetti strap top barely containing her big natural teen tits. Both gorgeous girls posing, bending, begging. The sexy girls flex and flirt and the sexual tension only rises. Then you add a stunt cock to the mix, and this is probably the hottest yoga you’ll ever see. While the guy is meditating, busty yoga instructor focuses her attention to his hot girlfriend, as she massages her neck. That feels good, so when she orders her to get into a doggy style position, she does so. You can see that she is surprised once her yoga teacher decides to tear apart her pants, revealing her big bubble butt. She feels stunned and is unable to move, as her butthole and pussy are on display but decides to see where is this going. The fact that her boyfriend is here and that he has no idea what is happening makes her excited. As her big all natural tits are finally set free, her yoga instructor spreads oil on them and massages them. When her boyfriend hears loud moaning, he opens his eyes and catches the girls in action. He is cursing while in the state of shock, but the things he sees are tempting. When both of the hot babes ask him to join the fun, of course, he’ll accept. In seconds his cock is out pants as his yoga teacher is showing him her blowjob skills. She is quite good at it, and also ambitious, as she tries to get deep in her throat. He has a perfect view as his love is fingering her pussy at the same time, getting ready for heavy pounding.   Before that yoga workout, he would never have believed his girlfriend could masturbate watching another girl giving him a blowjob, except in his fantasies. The naked girls both keep sucking his cock and then begin to grind their wet pussies against each other, moaning and gasping in pleasure as their cunts rubbed hot juices all over the others. Did he just die and goes to heaven? Two natural hotties with hairy pussies! His busty girlfriend is the first who gets her pussy destroyed as he goes deep inside of it while she is in the doggy style position. The instructor is there to stretch her legs wide, which helps him go balls deep. Now they are stacked as he tries his best to penetrated the girls both for the same amount of time. This threesome turns into a wild orgy which culminates as the naked girls ride his giant rod, cumming a bunch of times. It’s not easy to satisfy such cock-hungry sluts that would do anything, so a lucky man deserves all the praise for his stamina. As he finally sprays his load on their faces, all of them realize that this was the best training all of them had! The next session is scheduled for tomorrow!