Like most men, whenever I have to buy something for my girlfriend, I’m in a panic. As our first anniversary was coming up, I was thinking about hard for days, until I figured it all out. One of the best things about our relationship is sex, as we do it every day. Still, no matter how much you like something if it’s always the same, it turns into a routine. That’s why I decided to buy her a remote controlled vibrator. The moment I gave her a present, she stripped down her sexy lingerie and took it inside of her pussy, telling me to activate it whenever I wanted. When I did, she kept shaking uncontrollably. Jesus, her whole body was shaking violently as she came, I had never seen such a strong orgasm. She writhed uncontrollably on the floor, gasping for air, her legs were shaking, her cunt was clutching at the vibrator that was torturing her clit. I threw her on the bed, went down between her thighs and began licking her squirting cunt. I ate her snatch out using my tongue, as I played with her tits at the same time. I squeezed her boobs with both hands and my girlfriend humped my mouth with her pussy, in the way that she pulled me by my hair and pulled my face into her cunt. I sucked on her pussy so hard she almost screamed. Making her cum in my mouth was an easy task, and then I feed her my dick as like always, she tried to take it down her throat. I admire her efforts, as she takes it further every time. Her pussy didn’t need rest, so I went deep inside of it with my shaft. She prefers to ride me, so I granted her that wish, letting her control the pace. My hands caressed her perfect body, her big bubble butt, her boobs, I pulled her hair and my beautiful naked girlfriend was cumming all over my dick. I trusted deep in her, sending her into another shaking orgasm. Next up was doggy style – my favorite position as that’s the moment when I dominate her amazing ass. I also love the view, as my shaft goes balls deep inside of her as her tight butt is bouncing. Finally, I explode directly in her mouth, feeding her with cum, as she proudly shows how slutty she is. She is a whore, but my whore! The bubbles of cum spilled out of her mouth and ran over her chin and cheeks. 