I met this sexy, skinny blonde babe online who posted an ad looking for Virgin Ass Training services. Now, I’m an expert on all things anal, especially popping anal cherries, so I hit her up and she agreed to come over to my place. The sexy blonde teen stripped naked and bent over for me, giving me a nice view of her sexy little virgin asshole, ready to get popped by my big fat cock. I had some sexy red lingerie set up for her and she tried it on, man, she looked so fucking hot. The g-string of the outfit buried itself in the crack of her ass as she posed for me, making me so damn horny. All I could think about was stretching her little asshole with my dick. She stripped naked and got down on all fours and I gave her tender asshole a nice, long, sensual rimming, relaxing her anal sphincter for my sausage. I spred her cute little ass cheeks and dipped my tongue into her anus, feeling it twitch around my tongue in response to each touch. That’s when I knew she was going to give me her asshole without hesitation. Then the young naked girl took my dick in her soft hands and gave me head, sucking it deep and lubing it up with her saliva. On her back and with her legs spread wide open, I fucked her tight pussy, imagining just how much tighter her butthole would be. I pushed it into her ass slowly, inch by inch, feeling her asshole opening up until I was inside her and pounding her anally, her anal cherry popped! I was balls deep in her anus. Petite girl got on all fours and I fucked that ass doggy style from behind and she just kept begging me for more and more dick up her ass! Her asshole was stretched to the limit. I fucked her asshole like it was her pussy, trying to get as deep in the hole as I could. She climbed on top and impaled her asshole on my meat sword, riding it in cowgirl position and experiencing anal orgasm after anal orgasm, what a ride! “I want you to cum in my ass, please cum in my ass!” Feeling the throbbing of my cock cumming in her ass, she reached her own climax and screamed loudly into the pillow. 