Welcome to The Factory, a very special and exclusive place where bad girls go to learn how to become good, honest, wives. This sexy brunette slut in a skimpy schoolgirl uniform is being interviewed by the Director to see if she has what it takes to be part of this elite obedience school. From the other side of the door, her schoolmate is eavesdropping, eager to know what is going on in the other side. The schoolgirl bursts in just as her friend is about to wrap her lips around his big hard cock, slapping the Director and daring him to pick on someone his size! She pushes him against his desk and drops to her knees, taking her schoolmate’s place and stuffing her mouth with his delicious erection too. He’s impressed with her attitude, her bravado and her cock sucking skills and lets her proceed. He takes off his clothes and her companion strips naked as well. He pushes the other girl’s face against his crotch and fucks her mouth with his meaty pole, making the slut choke and gag on his throbbing erection. He usually holds one on one sessions with his pupils, but he’s more than happy to do a double session with these soon to be obedient whores. He has both sexy sluts crawling on their knees, sucking his big dick and balls, drenching them with their saliva. He grabs one of the girls and throws her leg over the desk while bending her over, thrusting his hard cock deep inside her tight pussy and plowing her from behind while the other girl watches them fucking and pleads for her turn to get ravaged by the Director’s meaty tool. He pulls her closer to her schoolmate, so she can spread her legs wide open and have her tender cunt eaten out by her while she’s getting so much dick in her fuck hole. He flips the young naked girl over and keeps banging her in missionary position and the other teen girl sits on her face and smothers her with her snatch.   It’s a decadent sight of lust and depravity. He lies on his back on top of the desk and naked girls sit on him, riding his dick and face. Her buddy rubbing her cunt, amazed at the sight of that throbbing erection plowing in and out of her pink slit. He starts slamming so hard into her tight cunt she can barely hold herself up. When her friend gets off that cock, she deep throats it and he places her in a head lock so she can choke and gag on his dick, drenching his balls with her saliva. The sexy girl takes her friend’s place atop that cock and rides it like crazy, slamming her wet cunt hard onto his dick, then letting her classmate suck it too, taking turns getting fucked and sitting back and masturbating while they watch. The young naked girls want to show their Director how obedient and submissive they can be, eager to get fucked hard by his large cock. Both girls juct can’t stop moaning and rubbing their cunts. These little girls want some nasty cum in their little pussies and he is erady to fill them up. Don’t miss all parts and all sex scenes in the Factory!