Everyone on campus heard rumors about these girls. They are the hottest looking, sexiest, and most flirtatious girls around. This naughty blonde teen college girl, her boyfriend and another friend are spying on their roommate, who is getting fucked in her dorm room by some dude. The girl looks so hot and sexy in her college uniform riding on top of his big dick in reverse cowgirl position. The girls can’t resist barging in on them, taking pictures of the slut and her new boyfriend. She’s pretty turned on and so is her boyfriend, so she gets on her knees and starts sucking on his big fat cock while her roommate and her guy get back to fucking and their other friend makes sure to get it all on film, after all, that’s what friends are for! Matter of fact, she asks her blonde friend if she can also have a taste of her boyfriend’s cock and she indulges her, switching places with her so she can stuff her hot mouth with that big meaty sausage. She strips naked and gets down on her hands and knees too, she needs to feel that cock in some place better than her mouth, getting her tight pussy pounded hard doggy style from behind. The girl that got busted in the first place is now lying on her back with her legs spread wide open and enjoying a good missionary style fuck with her guy. The blonde is back with her boyfriend, taking a great dose of dick on the other bed. She switches back with their friend behind the camera so she can straddle up and ride that dick with her creamy pussy in cowgirl position, while the girl on the other bed is lying on her belly and getting drilled from behind, all of the girls ready for their boyfriends’ cum! See the girls suck and fuck like total sluts, masturbate and get covered in creamy cum while getting filmed. The dudes covered all three naked girls in hot cum and the sluts could’t stop kissing and licking it off each other. Don’t miss more the wildest and kinkiest college sex parties, campus orgies and dorm room romps with college naked girls. 