I was just chilling in my room when my stepsister came knocking on my door, asking if she could just hang out in my room with me, since our parents weren’t home and it was super boring in the house. She was wearing a skimpy tie-dye shirt and cotton panties, so I had no problem letting her hang out with me. She lied down next to me, her juicy bubble butt facing me, and I must admit, I was starting to get a boner. I began complimenting her on her body and she liked it, she didn’t even flinch when I reached out and grabbed that ass with my hands. I could hear her soft moans as I tugged her panties to the side and took a look at her pussy. Man, her slit was already gushing, she was turned on! She wanted me to give her a special massage, slipping my fingers in and out of her juicy pussy. As I fingered her, she bopped her sexy ass up and down, as if she were humping my finger, fuck that was hot! Her moans got louder and more intense and soon her entire body squirmed as she came from having my finger in her! A couple of days later, while our mom was out she called me over to her bedroom, where she was waiting for me, totally naked in her bed! I totally had blue balls from our last encounter and she was happy to help out, grabbing my cock in her soft hands and popping it in her wet mouth, sucking it deep and hard. My young naked sister lied on her belly and got comfortable while blowing my cock, lubing it up with her spit and jerking it. She sure knew what she wanted, she wanted me to fuck her right there in her room. My hard cock was standing straight up and the head was red and throbbing. The little slut climbed on top of me, grabbing my erection and pushing it inside her tight Asian pussy, riding me in cowgirl position. Man, I was banging my very own stepsister!   My naked stepsister looked so sexy riding on my dick, with her choker on and her nipple piercings. If I thought I had a view, imagine when she flipped over and rode me in reverse cowgirl, her big juicy bubble shaped ass bouncing up and down my shaft. I put her on her back and she held her legs against her chest as I plowed her in missionary position. I loved watching her pussy lips stretch around the shaft. I pounded her into orgasmic euphoria. and man, my sister was begging me not to stop and her eyes were going blank from so much pleasure my dick was giving my stepsister. I rolled her over, put her on her belly and fucked her from behind before flipping her over yet again, like a frigging pancake! She opened her mouth wide as I blew my load all over her sexy face! I gave her a huge, sticky, cum shower all over her face and she used her tongue to catch it! A couple of days later I found her in the living room and she confessed she liked what we did so much, she wanted to experience it again over and over, so we ended up fucking in the living room couch!