This sexy, sassy ebony bombshell is pretty excited, she thinks her parents and her sister are out of town for the weekend, so she invited her boyfriend over for a two day fuck fest! She checks herself out totally naked in front of the bathroom mirror before hitting the shower, lathering herself up, passing her soapy hands all over her sexy chocolate body and in between her legs, hitting that sweet spot that makes her tingle. Her boyfriend arrives while she’s masturbating in the shower, getting naked and surprising her when he joins her in the shower. She’s happy to see him and his big hard cock there. The naked black girl drops to her knees and massages her tits while sucking on that white cock. She cups his balls in her hands and gags while she deep throats his throbbing erection. He has her bent over the shower stall and is fucking her ebony pussy from behind while she sucks on his fingers when they hear a knock on the door. Looks like they changed their plans and decided to stay home! He’s still horny as fuck and so is she, so the teens decide to risk getting caught by her family and get back to fucking in the bathroom. He bends his black girlfriend over the counter and bangs her tight cunt from behind, sitting her on top and spreading her long legs wide open so she can plow her black pussy in missionary position. He gets on the floor and the naked girl climbs on top of his hard cock, impaling herself on it as she rides him in reverse cowgirl position. Knowing her daddy could come up and catch them any moment makes her feel so fucking hot and horny, she loves it so much! She just wants his cum all over her face so much! The teen slut grabs his throbbing erection with both hands and makes him cum all over her face. Wait, she’s jerking him off an inch from her face and then complains that he ruined her makeup! In addition her dad hates him and now he needs to escape the house without being seen or he’s in big trouble! Will he make it out? Well, the naked dude stumbles into his girlfriend’s sisters room and catches her fooling around with her friend. The girls can’t help but laugh at him for being naked and in a stick predicament. Fucking with two teens was not what he intended but it’s a nice break from dealing with his immediate problems! 