This fantastic woman is the very definition of THICC, just take a look at her! Those thick thighs, voluptuous curves and plump ass go so well with her bountiful breasts and gorgeous face. As she walks into her client’s home and finds him waiting for her in bed, she disrobes and joins him for some a hot morning sensual massage. She pulls her big tits over her top and rubs baby oil all over them and the rest of her flawless body. The sexy babe applies the oil generously, letting it drip down her skin as she touches herself, bringing her big boobs to her mouth so she can suck on her puffy nipples. These are amazing huge voluminous breasts with big areolas and big suckable nipples. A girl that knows what she’s got and is willing to use every inch to tease and spoil you. With her amazing tits hanging down she gets on top of him and rubs her oily tits all over his back. Her sexy curves and bare skin glisten as the powerful light pours in the window. What an excellent way to start the day, with a sexy, thick masseuse giving you a full body to body rub down. She asks how he’s feeling, knowing he’s feeling great, but loving the way it feeds her ego. By the time she makes him roll over his morning wood is fully erect and throbbing so hard. The stunning brunette takes it in her hands and pushes it into her wet mouth, giving him a delicious, sensual blowjob. She doesn’t rush it, slowly sucking and jerking his rod while looking into his eyes. Making sure he enjoys each and every single second, each and every lick and each and every stroke of her skilled hands. The beautiful babe kisses the tip and runs her tongue around it in circles so she can catch the first dewy droplets of precum and taste them. Then she goes down on his shaft, deepthroating it until she reaches the base, staying there a few seconds and going back up for air, like an experienced deep sea diver. Finally the naked girl gets on top and lowers herself onto his throbbing cock, letting inch by inch slide inside her tight pussy.   This goddess rides it in cowgirl position, letting him play with her big tits and hold her arms behind her back, taking control. He buries his face between her jugs and sucks on her nipples while she moans and grunts loudly. Big tits and heart-shaped booty, what a body! He puts her down on her hands and knees, grabbing her hair and pulling her head back as she plows her tight pussy doggy style from behind. He gets back on bottom and the busty naked girl straddles herself atop his cock once again, pushing it inside her, this time riding it in reverse cowgirl position. She knows how much he likes looking at her ass while she takes his dick. She arches her body back towards him and feels his hands grabbing her, holding her firmly in place as she gets up and leans against the window so everybody in the surrounding buildings can see her getting fucked by him. He lies don on the bed and the hot babe sits on his dick, grabbing on to the window sill and riding it, before he throws her on the bed and holds her neck while pounding her in missionary and cumming all over her pretty face and her big tits. WOW!! This chick is smoking hot, in addition best directing and camera work I’ve seen in porn for years. Don’t miss more scenes with her.