A cheerleader and a quarterback from the city’s college football team are going door to door collecting money for a team away game by giving car washes. The teens arrive at a MILF’s house and she lets them to wash her BMW. The blonde teen is feeling frisky and a tingling down there is very naughty. Cheerleader pulls her shirt off and shows quarterback that she really is packing heat down there! However, he isn’t really paying attention and so she decides to throw an entire bucket of water over all over his torso. He gets upset, and heads over to the house. This was her worst mistake. Leaving him alone with a hot and horny MILF is most certainly a poor decision. The young man asks if he can get a towel, and the sexy woman agrees to help him out. See, giving him the towel isn’t the only thing she’ll do. Seeing as he’s shirtless at the moment, the mature woman decides that it is only fair if she gets rid of her top, too! So, she gets those titties out and the youngster’s cock gets hard real quick. She likes what she sees so she decides to put that thing inside of her as soon as possible and she starts slobbering all over it and caressing it with her lips.  However, the teen girl comes into the room and crashes the party! At the moment, she is quite upset, but it turns out that the teens should do a lot more than just washing the woman’s car to get cash. So, the teen girl just kinda accepted the situation. The sexy cheerleader goes down and kneels and starts sucking quarterback’s cock off too. She does it side by side with the MILF. At this point, she doesn’t mind that it’s her friend right in front of her that’s getting his dick sucked by an another woman! The girls both press their lips against the shaft on their side of his cock and run them up and down the shaft and over the head at the same time. Then the naked woman gets on top of the man and starts riding his cock nicely, but the young stud can’t stop himself from moving his hips either. While the MILF rides, the blonde sucks on her big titties as hard as she can.    After the woman gets off, the young naked girl gets on top of him and starts riding his dick real hard. Apparently, her pussy feels way too good for the dude to hold back, so he moves his hips furiously while she rides and makes sure that his throbbing meaty member plows in nice and deep while his girl moans. It is an incredible sight, his cock slamming into her cunt as his balls swing and hit her ass on every thrust. The naked woman can’t help slapping the girl’s perfect ass and playing with his balls. After some time he decides that it is time for him to plow the MILF’s pussy once more. Two naked girls get on top of each other, stroking and kissing while eagerly anticipating his hard dick to return to each of their pussies in turn. The luckiest dude in the whole world switches back and forth for the next few minutes, taking the time to fuck his naked cheerleader into a climax before pulling out and shoving that girlcum-coated cock into the MILF’s juicing snatch. The girls keep riding him and each other’s face. Naked girls position his hot throbbing cock between their wet pussies, and they moan in unison as his cock slides against both clits at once!