Molly wasn’t happy when her boyfriend called Jade to study with them. She’s the most popular girl in college and Jade is too nerdy for her taste, so she plans to humiliate her. As she makes the girl go on the floor to pick up a pencil, she lifts her skirt and shoves her finger up her virgin pussy. Her boyfriend is to busy to see what is going on, but the nerdy Jade seems loves it! She is an obedient slut, so when the hot redhead tells her to go under the table and suck her pussy, she is more than happy to do so. The girl circles her clit with the tip of her tongue, lightly flicks over her clit. She licks around and over her pink slit and through her tiny inner lips up to her clit, which is a hard little nub against her tongue. She has never had sex with a girl before but had a fantasy of being used and owned by a dyke. Moreover Molly is hands down the hottest girl in college, a sexy redhead with gorgeous body. She spreads her legs more under the table, making her drive her tongue deeper into her hole, tasting her juices. Molly’s boyfriend has no idea what is going on. As he goes on a break, the girls are finally left alone. Jade is now on the table as she spreads her legs wide while her lesbian lover is eating her virgin pussy. When her tongue passes over her asshole she moans “ooohhh” so the redhead begins to eat her more aggressively. Things get even more intense as the naked girls go for sixty-nine! At this moment, both of them are so horny that their brains are turned off. The girls don’t care what would happen if they were getting caught. They fit perfectly, as Molly continues to dominate Jade as they are rubbing their pussies on the table. This is an incredible sight as the lesbians both keep coming like never before in their lives. Molly comes back to fingering Jade’s pussy, which is small and barely able to take it. Still, pussy licking and eating is their favorite way to cum as the brunette is making her lover come while she is rubbing her pussy. Flicking her tongue over her clit she pushes a finger into her wet pussy and can feel her inner muscles clasping it, gripping it trying to hold it inside her. She thrusts her hips hard against her face, cumming into her mouth. As the naked girls scissor and come together, both of them realize they should make this a habit. Who would have known that nerdy Jade is such a slut? 