Being the creep I am, I sometimes spy on couples who are obviously about to have sex. See, when couples go for a hike and stuff like that, it is obvious that they are going to have sex once they get far enough. The odds of them getting caught are minimal, and some of these folks are even exhibitionists, so they really fear nothing. In the woods I found the type I like – red hair, adventurous, and willing to suck cock on a mountain side. The dude pulled his dick out and his beautiful redhead girlfriend took it in her mouth. She seemed to enjoy this quite a bit as she was quite literally smiling the entire time. Her pussy must have been dripping wet by now as she begged for him to put it deep inside of her hole. They changed locations and they took their clothes off, but only kept the jeans on. The man fucked her throat, but after a while, it was time for him to drill her pussy. His naked girlfriend bent over and he started drilling her tight little hole relentlessly. They obviously believed that there was no one around to hear them. The sexy naked girl got on top of the dude and started riding his cock nice and hard while he held onto her thick ass and helped her move back and forth. He spanked her every now and then, and after some time had passed, he convinced her to switch positions. Now it was time for some reverse cowgirl fucking. Her tits looked a little bit fake, but they were probably real. I’ve never seen fake ones jiggles like that. He kept pounding into her with all the force he could generate and she moaned, squeezing her big tits and pulling on her hard nipples. His balls were slapping against her clit as he pounded her again and again. The pressure begen to build and they both knew that he was about to explode so his girlfriend decided to calm him down a little with her mouth. His beautiful naked redhead girlfriend sucked his cock once more and after that she got on her knees and asked him to fuck her doggy style. He grabbed her hair in his fist and tugged her head back, fucking her so hard that her sit bones will probably hurt when she sits. There was a whole lot of steamy action going on in front of me and watching that babe slurping the cum dripping off his cock was amazing.  