Hot MILF has a problem on her hands, as her stepson can’t control his teenage sex drive. She is worried as she finds cum stains on his towels, and things get even worse as he jumps in the bathroom, butt naked and starts jerking off in front of her! He’s used to jerking himself off ten times a day but she realizes that his teenage cumfest has no end in sight, he can’t stop playing with his cock and cum everywhere! That doesn’t make her embarrassed or surprised but angry, as he needs to learn how to control his urges. The horny boy jerks off too much and his stepmom can’t keep this house clean fast enough. Still, he doesn’t want to listen, and that makes her frustrated. The woman is now in the kitchen doing the dishes as her stepson is back again, still naked and still showing his erection. MILF is not impressed as she has a lot of work to do, but he is here to fuck her, and there’s no way he’ll get rejected. Using the element of surprise, he lifts her skirt and pulls down her panties. The whole thing happens in a matter of seconds, but the best is yet to come as a young man sticks his schlong inside of her cunt! His stepmom might be surprised, but she is not refusing it. The problem is her stepson came in a minute all over the fridge, so she has more work to do. As she is on the floor cleaning it, the horny little dude is back and fucking her doggy style, but again, he came too soon. That’s why she decides to teach him a lesson. She is in the bedroom, folding the laundry. The woman decides to take matters into her own hands and end her stepson’s shenanigans once and for all… By fucking him until he’s got no more jizz left to give! When the naked boy jerks off in front of her, she hikes her dress up above her waste, exposing her gorgeous ass, then slowly pulls down her panties, revealing her her shaved pussy. The boy doesn’t know what foreplay is, the stepmom’s meat hole is already wet and ready for action and he just pushes his cock all the way into her and starts fucking her fast. But this time, the woman makes sure she doesn’t let him cum too soon. When the boy is ready to bust a nut all over her ass she turns over and takes his hot throbbing cock in her mouth, controlling his ejaculation. She does not want him to cum so it is time to let him cool down.   The naked woman slowly jerks his big cock with her hands, sucks on his balls and even massages it with her big boobs. That big dick is in her mouth as she sucks deep, almost choking on it. However she has to stop lest he fill her mouth with his sperm without permission. Now the naked woman is riding it reverse cowgirl style going balls deep as her big tits are bouncing. Slutty cougar is happy that he finally fucks her for more than a minute, as she even helps him control the pace. As she comes closer to the edge she seems to lose control, slamming her cunt down onto his cock. Fortunately the teen boy manages to keep himself from cumming into her cunt. The naked woman lies on her back with her legs above her head and lets the stepson fucks her cunt balls deep. At first he is not in a hurry as he drills her vagina but then he begins to roughly pound her as hard as he can. Since he is in his sexual prime he needs to learn how to fuck young girls the way they want it and be able to satisfy them, know how to lick their young cunts and cum copiously in their mouth. After making her cum in missionary style, a young man comes like never before, shooting his load on her giant tits! The mom also promises that she’ll let him fuck her in the asshole next time if he stops leaving cum stains all over the house.