We came to LA for the first time, and my girlfriend insisted we should stay at her close friend’s house. I never saw this girl in my life, and I never understood why we couldn’t book a motel room. We finally met her, and she looked like a typical but friendly nerdy girl. She offered me to relax for a while as I was exhausted, but when I woke up, I’ve heard strange noises from the upper bed. When I got up, I could see them fucking! So that’s the reason why my girl wanted us to stay here, my girlfriend used to have lesbian sex with her nerby friend! Was that some sort of… Callback to the dorm days? Bunk beds? Two playful teens with matching plump asses playing around? But when the girls offered a threesome, I couldn’t say no. This opportunity doesn’t come often. The young naked girls slowly sliding their tongues over my cock as they smiled at each other. The little sluts kissed each other across the swollen knob, trapping the cockhead between their mouths and drooling spit onto its shining length. How many will you have a chance to bang a chick you’ve never seen in your life, while at the same time fingering your girlfriend’s pussy? It doesn’t look to me like this is their first threesome, as they know what to do at any moment. The girls were sharing my shaft as they’ve both sit on it for almost the same amount of time. I was never this hard in my life as I was destroying this nerdy girl’s pussy while she was moaning and the love of my life was rubbing her meat hole watching us doing it. The sensation of watching me with another girl turned her on so much. It was my gf’s turn to ride my cock and she jumped up and down showing a part of her sexual appetite that hadn’t ever been shown before. Drilling two girls at the same time is not as easy as you need twice the energy, but at the same time, the adrenaline is so high that it was never a problem for me. The naked girls took turns pleasuring each other and me over the next couple of hours. They had been sucking and licking my cock for about ten minutes when I came in my gf’s mouth, but instead of swallowing as she usually did she leaned over and the girls kissed, sharing my cum with her friend. The naked girls started rubbing my wet dickhead all over their faces so their faces were getting covered in cum! Watching them share my cum only served to keep my cock hard. 