You know how wives are always fucking nagging you? All the time. And that wouldn’t be such a problem if they put out from time to time, or, you know, agreed to spice things up in the bedroom sometimes. But no, my wife doesn’t play like that. I’ve always been a fan of anal sex but my wife didn’t want to hear about it and it was kind of taboo for her. So, I found a simple solution and paid a little visit to a beautiful young escort lady. She let me in her house and started showing her body to me, you know, just to tease me a little bit. Her name was Florane and she was a tall, slender blonde with long legs and amazing breasts. At this point, I was all fired up and just wanted to fuck the shit out of her. The hot blonde stood up and began stripping off her white sexy lingerie. With that killer smile, she seductively pulled down her white stockings. That woman was so hot! I started violently licking her boobs, which she liked, and after that, tossed her on the bed to eat her pussy out like a goddamn pickle. After I was done feasting on her, I wanted more, so I whipped out my dick and let suck on it for a change, and let me tell you, it was fucking great. Haven’t gotten my dick sucked in a while. I was almost ready to cum, but I didn’t, because I came there for more. The beautiful naked woman then lay back and spread her long legs in front of me. I just started ramming her gorgeous, tight smooth newly shaven pussy, and then put it in her ass and watched her face grimace slightly as my cock made its way into her ass. And from then on, shit was wild. This was my first experience of anal sex other than the porn movies that I regularly watched. I couldn’t believe it, my wife never let me fuck her in the ass, and she hardly ever blew me, but that sexy babe was riding me while I fucked her in the ass. She moaned in pleasure as her plump, soft ass did its work. She rode me with her amazing ass, then some reverse cowgirl, then a great doggy style anal fuck, God, it was hard to restrain myself. The experience is literally impossible to perfectly describe, but it was the fucking of my life. So, fellas, if your wives don’t put out, don’t put up with that kind of crap and visit a lady like this, she will make it worth your while. 