A stunning, fit brunette was talking with her swimming partner while the girls were getting ready for the practice in their locker room. After finishing their preparations, she sent her friend to the practice alone telling her she’ll be right out, wanting to have the locker room for herself. Once the teen girl was alone, she pulled her swimsuit to the side, revealing her perfect, shaved pussy. All hot and horny, the girl immediately started rubbing it hard, moaning and screaming in pleasure. Busy with masturbation, she was unaware her swimming coach had entered the the girl’s locker room and was watching her. He pulled his already hard cock out and started jerking it off behind the girl. It didn’t take long for her to notice him. Hungry for a good fucking, the young girl simply put him up against the wall, dropped down on her knees, and took his whole shaft in her mouth! She was giving him the sloppiest blowjob ever, trying to swallow every inch of him, letting him grab the back of her head and fuck her throat, choking her. Her cute face was now all messy and his cock was all slippery when he took her from behind and spread her legs picking one up, before forcing himself deep inside her teenage cunt. He slid all the way in right off the bat and started pounding her rough and hard. Her seductive moans and occasional screams were the sign she wanted it even harder. He bent the girl over a bench, inserting his stiff meat into her tight cunt from behind again, this time hammering her doggy style. Her pussy was dripping from all the juices and precum as she pushed her ass back with his every stroke, trying to feel him deeper, wanting to be stretched whole. As a short break, the naked girl sat down and let him fuck her face again, tasting her snatch on his meat, drooling all over it again as he’d grab her hair and suffocate her with his size. She then lied down and spread her legs wide, letting him penetrate her from the front, go balls deep inside and fuck her brains out.   The girl loved being used like a fuck doll, held down and impaled all the way as she felt her pussy pulsate all over his throbbing shaft. She came multiple times, being railed like that, but wanted more, willing to be fucked in different positions and have her pussy stretched completely. He lied down and the naked girl mounted him like a slutty cowgirl, bouncing her ass up and down, breathing heavier with every stroke. Her body was already glistening with sweat as she bent over the bench again, for another hardcore doggy pounding, already losing her senses from all the pleasure, before he had her up against the lockers. She was standing with one leg in his arm, spread and willing, taking his thick cock deep and rough, orgasming hard before he reached his edge too and sprayed a massive load all over her, bathing her in thick, white cum.