My stepdaddy can be pretty distracting sometimes. While I was studying one day, he came up behind me and started to rub my shoulders. He said that he wanted to relieve my study and sports related stress with just some relaxation massage. Suddenly I felt his hands on my breasts, massaging and caressing them. He reached up, and his hands found my breasts. He kept massaging me unsuccessfully trying to cover his erection. He squeezed the mounds with his whole hands, and slowly pinched my pink nipples. I sensed my nipples grew hard. His exploring hands traced down over my stomach and to my crotch. I tried to close my legs but that just made him grab rougher. The way he was touching me out was making my hot pussy wet. “You seem quite tight.” I squealed as he traced a singer over my clit. Then my stepdad bent me forward and pulled my panties down to my thighs. “That’s right, bring your ass over here and rub it all over my cock” he grabbed my waist and pulled me towards him. I felt him press his penis against my pussy then slide into me! He squeezed my ass with his hands and penetrated me deeper from behind. His prick slammed in and out of me and soon I felt him swell as he pumped his hot cum inside me. Of course, he convinced me to keep my mouth shut and never tell anyone, especially my mom, about what happened. The next morning, while I was asleep, the old pervert sneaked into my room, undressed me and started stimulating me again by sucking on my breasts. He kissed my legs and stroked my pussy, gently rubbed the tip of his penis along my pussy lips. I felt his strong hands grip each of my ankles and spread my legs. My stepdad could see my open, wet lips, my aroused clit, and my pussy opening itself. His erect penis slid easily into my wet pussy and I gasped as it penetrated me deeply. He began a slow and steady fucking motion. I felt my pussy grope his cock. He shushed me by covering my mouth with his as he pounded my little pink hole over and over. Then he slammed himself forward and held himself against me. I felt the heat of his seed dump deep in my insides. His seed was covering my pussy walls. He ended up collapsing on me. He wanted more and I knew that now was the time for him to try something even more dirty. When I was practicing for my sports team, he came closer with his penis out and jerking himself off. He told me that, in order to keep up the perfect posture, I could grab on his dick for support, and after I did, he slowly but surely convinced me to open my mouth and give him a blowjob. I could feel his cock before but I only got an idea of how big it was when it was inches from my face.   I felt his big hands grab my hair and pull my mouth onto his cock. Immediately after the whole suction ordeal, he wanted to see the full set of my athletic skills. I pulled down my panties and stood over him. His cock was pointing straight up in front of me, and was pressing against my pussy. I situated myself on his erection and began grinding my wet pussy on him, cupping my breasts in my hands. I could see my pussy walls gripping his cock. I started riding him in the position with my legs spread, and it immediately made me super horny, so much, that I needed to switch positions and he started fucking me even harder. I never thought that I would enjoy having sex with him so much that I wanted him to bust right into me. My beautiful blonde hair, my sexy glasses, my juicy lips and tiny little pink pussy dripping wet, he just couldn’t contain himself. I thought ‘fuck it’ and just decided to fuck his cock, feel his hot throbbing cock cum in me again. So as I watched him directly in the eyes and slid my pussy up and down his massive pecker with delight. I felt him spraying his love juice right into me.