Teen students are preparing for a debate, and the girls need help from their professor. The subject is serious, as it’s about teaching safe sex in public schools. Luckily, he is there to give his input, but he is ready to move things further as he is stripping down in front of the young girls. Just the sight of his naked body excites them, as the nerdy little blonde is already touching his dick. Unable to take her eyes off of his throbbing cock her friend is getting down on her knees ready to take it in her mouth. These girls look hot in their uniform, it looks like Japanese school uniform, black red plaid skirt and top coat. The young girl tries to kiss the head of his cock until she finally takes the large head into her mouth and starts to suck on it. For such a small girl, she is doing an excellent job and even manages to take it all up to her throat. Soon enough, the third girl joins the fun, so the professor knows he’ll have a hard time satisfying the girls all. For the moment, he teaches them a lesson about sharing and promises, all of the debaters will get enough of his man meat. Thankfully, girls are cool with it, so while blonde is giving him a blowjob, other teens form a train and lick their pussies. Their next move is to line up next to one another in doggy style position. Three young naked girls lined up with their asses in the air and wait for you to fuck their wet cunts… all men dream of having foursome sex with young horny sluts. He starts to nail the girls one by one, and all of them are taking it well, no matter how deep inside of their snatches he goes. He moves from one pussy to the other. Next, are the riding lessons, but again, none of these young sluts have any problem taking it balls deep as they kiss and encourage each other. This adventure made their relationship even stronger as they can’t stop smiling.   He keeps fucking them hard and deep as the young naked girls kiss and fondle each other. All of them are fucking around for a long time as you can see by their performances, but they had no idea that a foursome can be such fun. Being naked together with their best friends makes sex even more relaxing, but at the same time, it also makes the girls hornier and ready to try things they never did. Minutes are passing by as they have lots of orgasms, while their young bodies are drenched in sweat. The professor is aware that it’s the end of the class, so he decides to reward his students with a load of cum on their faces as the young naked girls kiss and get the taste of it. Now, this was a valuable lesson!