The story starts off by this hot MILF practicing Tai Chi in a beautiful park with a young blonde girl, with a teenager full of raging hormones, jokingly sneaking around behind a tree. The little pervert decides to observe the girls, thinking that he’ll be able to catch a glimpse of some sexy yoga. Then he sneaks up on the sexy MILF and her friend and pulls their pants down like a retarded juvenile! You get what I’m saying, the story is goofy as fuck. After he pulls their pants down, the woman starts chasing him around, cussing, telling him how wrong it is, and showing him what Tai Chi is, by twisting his arm until he is in severe pain, and lets him practice with her. While she was telling him the moves and told him to spread his arms for the training and the meditation, he grabs her boob and she then brilliantly realizes that all of his chakras are concentrated in his massive hard-on, and that’s why he cannot focus, because his body and spirit are on different frequencies. “Wow mister look at this cock you have in your pants!” From then on, she tries to ease his problems just a little bit by letting him suck on her gorgeous titties, which he really enjoys and then choking on his monstrous schlong. Then they inserted a hilarious bit of a cop watching them and feeling seriously awkward. But never mind that, the view of her sucking his dick is tremendous and we can really see how sexy her lips look when she has a dick in her mouth and loves the way it feels. God, she is such a slut. Anyway, after that, the teen boy decides that he needs to fuck her urgently, so he lays on a towel, and the beautiful naked woman starts riding him reverse cowgirl style. “fill that fucking pussy up with that big cock of yours” The horny teenager grabs a handful of her shapely ass, he is in pure ecstacy as his entire length is now in this woman’s cunt. She has a gorgeous body, a perfect ass and these fantastic fake funbags. She has such a perfect whore face that looks like it was made to be covered in cum. They switch up, and the beautiful naked woman is just regularly riding him. From then on, he goes into full dominator mode and starts fucking her cunt doggy style the way it deserves to be fucked, and we can hear her beautifully moaning and moaning like a horny and lustful bitch that she is.   After that, she demands that he fucks her in a missionary pose and we get a great view of his dick going into her pussy and off her beautiful giant tits and nipples, and, for the fans of that kind of that, even a little bit of her belly rolls. Then they continue down the old path and they, again, fuck doggy style, this time going even more aggressive at it, like a couple of teenagers. “drill me with that fucking big cock of yours. Yeah. Show me how much of a man you are” The hot MILF wants him to lay beside her, and fuck her from the back, so his big young cock go all the way into her wet cunt, until they can both reach a massive and a big orgasm. After alternating between fucking her from behind, pounding her cunt in missionary and playing with her big tits, he realized how much watching all that porn paid off. He continues what he saw in porn, as well as with his own perverted compulsions. He have never cum on a girl’s face before. It has always been a pleasure to watch in porno movies and certainly one of his most favorite fantasies. She’s a Beautiful mature woman, and another great scene from Brazzers. To think, this teenager is getting more action from an older woman than most adults would get from a strip club.