Her bestie lives in Los Angeles, so this cute little blonde spinner decided to visit her and have a sleepover. Feeling horny in the morning she was thinking about playing with her pussy in bed, but then she decided to sneak into her frined’s dad’s room. She heard the noise coming from his bathroom. She had had an eye for her friend’s dad for a long time, and now she was looking at him naked and his large, beautiful penis. The little girl was embarrassed but encouraged to have sex with him. Her pussy was already dripping wet, but he didn’t want to do it! He is a good father and husband, and even though this little slut is looking stunning, he thought to fuck her might be a mistake! Still, she wouldn’t be discouraged, as she grabbed his dick, gave him her baby blue puppy eyes and started stroking it. It became hard in seconds, and as she wouldn’t let go, this man knew there is only one thing to do – fuck her so hard that she’ll probably never get such an idea again. He lifted the tiny girl, buried his face between her cute little ass cheeks and started to lick her pussy, licking her ass crack all the way from her clit to her asshole. I can’t wait to see this girl take a fat rod in her teeny tight little pussy, such a cute little fuckdoll. Even when his cock entered her tiny mouth, he could see how much she enjoys it. Still, the ultimate test came once he started to impale her tight shaved pussy while chocking her at the same time. He pushed in slowly and gently stretching her wet little cunt hole. Because of her small stature, every shaft looks enormous, so she had to work hard to fit it inside of her. The young naked girl got hotter, wetter and louder, he got deeper and deeper in her pussy. The wetness helped his dick go deep but it was certainly the smallest pussy he had ever shagged. It is impossible to describe how incredible it feels fucking a pint sized pussy like that. She begged him to fuck her harder as her inexperienced pussy filled up with hard dick. While she might be looking cute, it was apparent this little fuckdoll wants it rough!   Love how she got thrown around in bed, love how he tossed her around and pounded her like a little plaything! She’s so hot and sexxxy! Sometimes she needed a break, so she went back to cock sucking, playing with his rod like it was her favorite toy. Tiny blonde needed to be used and abused and treated like the cheapest whore. Her screams were filling the room as she imagined what would happen if her bestie knew what was going on. She felt so dirty but at the same time so happy that this was happening. He held her small round ass as he pumped in and out of her little cunt. She could feel her little pussy tightening and convulsing around the cock pounding deep into her. This blonde spinner looked glorious while riding his boner, and she should be proud as he went inside of her balls deep. After nailing her so hard that she almost went out of breath, her bestfriend’s dad knew it was time to finish things the right way. He managed to empty his balls straight on her cute face, making it all white as she smiles and already plans her next adventure in the City of Angels! 