Exotic Asian MILF wanted to give her husband a surprise for Father’s day so she asked her daughter to help. First, she wanted to teach her how to use a Sybian and, having explained how it works, made her sit on it. Unaware of what kind of experience awaits her, a young girl sat down and immediately started moaning in pleasure. It wasn’t long before her clothes were soaked as her pussy was dripping wet from immense satisfaction and earth-shattering orgasms. Mom soon called her husband, making sure he kept his eyes closed, as it was a surprise after all. They both sat down and he opened his eyes to his stunning, young stepdaughter on the floor in front of him, again sitting on a Sybian but this time completely naked. They both watched her slim, petite body and tiny tits as she enjoyed being fucked by a sex machine before squirting all over it. Now was the time for a real surprise. He stood up and both girls knelt in front of him, pulled his pants down and quickly started slobbering all over his cock. One would kiss his shaft and swallow it deep while the other was playing with his balls, squeezing and licking them. Mom and daughter kept switching, giving him the most amazing blowjob ever. Eventually, they ended up in the bedroom, with the young naked girl lying down, her legs spread wide. With his mouth kissing her clit her whole body began to shake with orgasm. Her stepdad quickly lapped up the juices pouring from her cunt. “I’m cumming, daddy! Please don’t stop. Oh, fuck, yes, daddy! DADDY!” Her body shook and his mouth was locked on her clit, sucking furiousl, her juices squirting in his mouth. After she came hard they were all ready for a steamy threesome. Both naked girls lied on their backs on the bed and spread their legs wide for him. He first entered the teen and started pumping her tight pussy hard while fingering his wife. It didn’t take long for a petite nubile to cum squirting all over herself. But that was just the beginning as he kept pounding her harder and harder, making her squirt multiple times, each time with more intensity.   He couldn’t stop pushing himself into her over and over, making her squirt over and over. After numerous wet squirting orgasms, it was stepmom’s time to get some hard dick. The beautiful naked woman bent over and let him rail her doggy style. She felt his cock going in rougher and harder with every push, spreading her and bringing her closer to a trembling orgasm when she started screaming and losing her mind in pleasure. He slammed deep into her and held him in her cunt which twitched against his cock with post orgasmic spasms.  Willing to enjoy each other in every way possible they all kept changing positions. The teen took his hard rod from behind, wanting to be fucked doggy style, while her stepmom was lying in front of her, enjoying as her daughter was licking her pussy. Then, she mounted him in reverse cowgirl with the MILF squeezing her tits and rubbing her pussy, enhancing her pleasure, before they switched and MILF rode him. Ultimately, he reached his limit, pulled out and shot massive loads all over the girls both.