I was riding my bicycle through the city when this sexy teen babe suddenly jumped in front of me. She was a stunning, short brunette with a slim body, perfect ass and beautiful face. I barely managed to hit the brakes and fall off my bike before slamming into her. I could see she was anxious and on the run even before I noticed she was wearing an ankle monitor. However, I felt bad for startling her and making her fall and injure herself so I decided to help her escape. Well, that and I found her to be very hot; bad girls tend to be naughty. We went to a nearby place I know, an old garage my buddy lives in that not many people know about. Once we got there and I helped her remove the monitor, she asked me if she could stay there. Unsure if I could let another person stay at my friend’s place, I was hesitant at first, but she was eager to persuade me and she had her ways. Without wasting a second longer, the little slut dropped on her knees and pulled my pants down, revealing my already rock hard cock. Right off the bat, she went hard at it, jerking me off with both hands while swallowing as much of it as she could, slobbering all over the shaft. I’d grab her head and shove it deep in her throat, choking her before she’d lose her breath and pull away. But she kept sucking it and making it all wet and messy. She even slapped her nipples with my cock! After that sloppy blowjob session, the sexy girl was already extremely turned on and her pussy was dripping wet so she simply stood up and turned her back to me, pulling her pants down. I saw her tight, little butt and didn’t want to wait for a second longer but immediately forced myself balls deep inside her soft cunt. I could tell she loved it because it didn’t take much for her to start moaning and screaming in pleasure, and soon she was impaling herself on my cock without me moving at all. She wanted to be pounded so bad she kept going deeper and harder. Then, the naked girl turned around and lied on the pool table, spreading her legs, waiting for me to enter her from the front. She didn’t have to tell me twice as I was soon railing her vigorously, pumping her plump, young pussy full of my thick meat.   Her moans and erratic breathing only made me want to fuck her harder and faster as we kept changing positions and enjoying each other in every way possible. One moment she was riding me like a horny cowgirl. I started thrusting into her in rhythm with her up and down movements. My cock was shiny, dripping wet, and covered with her pussy juice. Hot naked girl lay down soon after and spread her legs high and wide to let me hammer her. We ended up with her riding me again, slamming her ass on my cock, losing her mind from all the pleasure. I was fascinated at how her ass made figure-eights and rippled as our bodies collided. That teen slut had the best ass I had ever seen. So round and firm. Just a perfect, heart-shaped, teenage ass. I looked between the cheeks at her smooth little asshole. When she sensed I was about to cum she got on her knees, grabbed my throbbing cock and began sucking on it like mad. I grabbed the back of her head, let out a deep grunt and blasted a powerful jet of cum into her mouth. She, unable to hold me in her mouth because of her own orgasm, pulled my cock out getting a second blast onto her pretty face.