Two stunning young babes just came home with their stepdads from a graduation party. Still wearing their graduation hats and robes, they all sat down to discuss the future. Girls had already planned to make a trip to Europe, financing themselves from their college funds but their dads were adamant about that money being strictly for college tuition. However, as young and beautiful as they are, the girls were just as naughty and had already devised a plan to seduce each other’s dad. A couple of moments later, a foxy, pale redhead and an exotic, petite brunette were on their knees, side by side, with massive, hard cocks in their mouths, getting them ready to drop as much money as they ask for. The girls were slobbering all over them, their saliva mixing with precum, making dicks all wet and slippery and their faces all messy. As they were sucking on them they started losing clothes before they both ended lying on the couch, legs spread wide, having their soft, pink pussies licked and teased. They spread their legs and let their dads slam their tight pussies until they are in orgasmic oblivion. Their seductive moans turned their stepdads on even more and soon they were both impaling their naked daughters balls deep on their stiff rods. Redhead kept squeezing her tiny tits and brunette’s perky breasts before they changed positions. The redhead was sucking a cock while the brunette was being pounded doggy style behind her, licking her pussy at the same time. Losing their minds in pleasure, two young naked girls kept screaming and cumming and asking for more. Even while being drilled vigorously, they couldn’t keep their hands off of each other, licking their tits, caressing and fondling, squeezing each other’s asses. After being fucked in every position possible and made to orgasm numerous times, their stepdads were at their limits too so they shot their massive loads of jizz all over the girls and watched as they continued to kiss passionately, covered in hot, white cum. 