Her man came home today and shocked her by saying that his boss fired him. It was a well-paid job that made her live a life of luxury, and that was about to collapse. In a desperate move, she decided to visit his boss and use her charms to make him change his decision. This young slut never lacked confidence, but this was the perfect time to see if she can handle another man. After all, it’s not cheating, as she is doing this to help her hubby! Luckily, this slim blonde got him interested as she started to take off her black dress and play with her pussy, spreading her legs in front of him at his office desk, and rubbing her cunt through her black sexy lace panties. She teases him before focusing solely on his dick. It’s hard to say no to a woman, especially when her mouth makes a very persuasive argument with your cock! She might not admit it, but she is enjoying this whole act more than she ever hoped for. She has a perfect excuse, and he is so turned on that his blonde can expect fantastic sex. He grabs her, spreads her gorgeous ass cheeks with both hands and starts licking her both holes, tongue fucking her vagina and kissing her asshole. After licking both her pussy and asshole, he puts the sexy naked girl on the table and starts nailing her with maximum force. He was right, as she can take it well. He was never with someone like her, as this is the woman that gets him going. Watching her tight body, perfectly round tits and that face where he can see the mix of pain and enjoyment is the most beautiful sight he has ever seen. Even he can sense that she is enjoying it now while slapping her behind and pulling her hair. It’s like he could do anything, and she would still beg for more. The way she is twerking her gorgeous ass on his cock is absolutely amazing! This slut keeps slamming her cunt hard down on his entire length over and over. Finally, he is about to explode, and he does by showering her face with cum. Both of them are exhausted but happy, as she promises her husband will get his job back. Now, what about that promotion and a pay rise? There is still more to come! 