It’s the weekend, so a hot MILF and her husband are enjoying the sun near the pool. They’ve been invited to her man’s business partner’s home, which looks like a dream. The life couldn’t be any better at the moment… at least until she figures out that her husband is still on the phone and is not paying any attention to her. As he leaves for another business talk, she decided to teach him a lesson and seduce his friend. Once they’re left alone, she takes the opportunity to tease him with her sexy body. As she is playing with her massive boobs that are properly oiled-up, he finally knows what to do. As her husband is away, he offers his cock to his slutty wife, and she gladly takes it in her mouth. It’s the best feeling for her, as tasting someone new is always exciting. Of course, giving him a blowjob is nothing more than foreplay for what’s coming next. He is impressed as he can fuck her throat. The lucky guy speeds up his thrusting and her boobs glisten in her saliva as it pours out of her mouth with each thrust of his cock. The naked girl thrusts her big ass up in the air, her feet hanging off the edge, he guides his cock into her cunt and begins to fuck her from behind doggy style. Even though her husband is not far away, it’s hard for her not to scream. Maybe that’s the reason why he has a hand on her neck while impaling her more. When the slut starts to ride him cowgirl style, the view is stunning. She has a gorgeous face, big tits, ass, tan lines and a real tease. Beautiful nature is all around, and their bodies look perfect when together. She even stretches her asshole, like dreaming about her rectum be explored one day. She wants to try so many things, but her husband is fucking her so rarely that she almost became frustrated. This experience made her feel alive again and reignite her sex drive, which was virtually dead. She hasn’t cum this many times since god knows when, but it’s time to finish this porn fairytale as he empties his ball all over her gigantic juggs.  