When you are a delivery guy in Los Angeles, sometimes you meet famous people. Today I had a parcel with Abella Danger name on it, so in case it was a world famous pornstar, I decided to start filming. That was really her! This blonde beauty was already half naked and eating a banana seductively like she was swallowing a cock, so I became nervous in a second. Moreover, she was wearing sexy lace lingerie and stockings. To my surprise she purposely left the door open, so I sneaked in! I could see her butt naked in the bathroom, her big ass was amazing! I could see her pulling her thong down, bending over in front of me and then I saw her soaping herself, her hands running over her gorgeous body. I decided to take my cell phone and make a video but she saw me! I thought she would call the police but the naked pornstar asked me to stay and help her. Of course, I knew what would happen next! Imagine yourself in a situation where you are 100% sure that sex is going to happen. I was right, as it didn’t take long before the hottest pornstar in the world started sucking my thick shaft, preparing it for deep pussy pounding. She definitely knew how to do it! How many cocks had been in her mouth already? How many of them had came in her mouth? What a slut! I won’t lie; I was proud of myself when I saw how much she enjoys my cock. Abella Danger saw a lot of dicks in her life so that I must be doing something right. What I learned is that she is an avid cock sucker! Between our pussy pounding sessions, she was taking it deep down her throat, like she was about to eat it. Still, I was more interested in fucking her professional cunt with full power, going all the way inside in doggy style position. I ran my hands over her big ass and gave both ass cheeks and hard squeeze with both hands, awesome! I knew this girl could take all that I have to give, and that was the best feeling in the world. There is no need to take care, as you can do whatever you want with her, knowing she’ll appreciate it. That’s why I had to end it the right way as I emptied my balls all over this young slut. I guess I’ll do more deliveries sooner than later! 