Young brunette with braids is a confident bitch! She gets exactly what she wants, whenever she wants, even if it’s some random cock in the park. She knows that no guy in the world would refuse to have sex with her, including this lucky bastard she picked up today. He is a good looking dude, but that’s not the reason she invited him. It’s all about what he has in his pants! Her judgment is never wrong, so when she finally had his shaft in her hands, you could see her smiling! That thing was already massive, but she knew that it would become much bigger and harder when in her mouth. What started as your regular cock sucking, soon turned into a throat fucking. The size of his thing was a huge challenge, but she is not the type that is afraid of the trial. The real fun begins once he starts pounding her doggy style on the sofa. He doesn’t have to be gentle as she begs him to fuck her deep. His hard cock is going in and out of her tight cunt. He is rough with her, smacking her ass and pulling her braids. It is a bit painful, but that’s the way she likes it best! It’s even better once he covers her face with his hand, not giving her a chance to scream. Her lover continues by slapping her tits before changing the position once more. But whatever he tries, she won’t ever say no. This young whore needs a dick from the moment she wakes up. What a slutty girl! She is not even subtle while walking the streets and trying to find another man to fuck. No matter how big they are, she never had a bad experience, and even thinks about trying a gangbang. This is a sort of audition, and this guy is doing an incredible job so far. He gets the highest marks when they try a reverse cowgirl position. As he is nailing her balls deep, at the same time, his hands are on her pussy, making her pleasure even more profound. It’s easy to figure that she is losing her mind, cumming time after time like she was sex starved for months. The young horny girl is impressed about his ability not to cum for such a long time, not at least until she tells him it is time to release his load. That’s not going happen yet, as they have so much more to try.   As he continues to impale her snatch, her juices are overflowing, turning him into a wild animal with his brain function shutting down. But that’s the best part of fucking her. You lose any sense of time, you forget all about your everyday problems and enjoy this steamy session until you are absolutely unable to move any more, like after running a marathon. He pulls his cock from her cunt and pushes it into her mouth, making her suck it hard. Then he picks her up and impales her onto his dick. He is now burying his cock into her teen cunt so hard and so fast that his balls are slapping against her ass. This babe loves sex – can’t get enough of it! She is arching her back, rubbing her clit furiously, screaming his name, grabbing his shoulder hard, thrusting her hips and each time she cums he pounds harder into her body. She is practically crying from the pleasure and hard, rough fucking that is going through her cunt, and when she cums she just screams his name, her legs giving out from under her, and she feels him explode into her too, grunting loudly and cumming deep into her vagina. Even he is surprised by the amount of it! They both collapse onto the floor together, regaining our breath.