When a daughter is such a good student, then parents must find a way to reward her, which is exactly what this dad did. He came to his stepdaughter, catching her studying and listening to some music, and as a way to make her relax, he slowly runs his hand across her ass to let her know what is up, and how proud he is of her. After that, everything was easy and a fair game. She took off her shorts to reveal a beautiful pussy and a great and tight asshole, and after, she let her dad stick a finger up her cunt. The little slut even put her hand on her ass and spread her ass cheek with her hand for her daddy. When the old pervert was finishing fingering his stepdaughter’s young pussy, she slowly got up to take his cock in her mouth. She now began to take it deeper and deeper into her mouth, rapidly bobbing her head up and down, hands gripping him, stroking him thoroughly. Her daddy couldn’t help cumming in her sweet mouth. The teen slut tried to swallow it all, but some trickled out of her mouth and down her chin. When all that was over, you see something like the next episode of this short series with his naked daughter sleeping on the bed, and after her dad woke her up, she was so horny that she immediately took her blanket off and started choking on his dick, making it all hard and sloppy and wet before he can fuck her. After that she spread her legs, revealing her 18 year old pussy, and her dad stuck his cock in there fucking her roughly in a missionary pose. Watching this young naked girl wiggle her round ass in front of him made him quickly ram his cock into her and start fucking her from behind. Later they switched between various poses, until they could both achieve orgasm and he came into her mouth and all over her face again. He came over and over and sprayed her face with so much cum. It was now a sloppy mess of cum, covered in gooey globs. And the third part of this video consists of his slutty daughter cooking something on the stove, but simply and quickly forgetting all about it after she’s seen her daddy come up to her once again, instantly preparing her for the fuck fest that is about to occur over the kitchen counter. 