I was strolling through the neighborhood when I stumbled upon this feisty little Latina babe going to town on one car with a baseball bat. She wrecked it quite a bit before the owner showed. Turns out that the car belonged to her boyfriend who cheated on her and she was smashing it to get back at him. He started losing his mind and they both started yelling at each other before the babe noticed me filming them. For a second there I thought she was going to smack me as well, but as it turned out, I was in for a pleasant surprise. She wasn’t satisfied with only ruining his car but wanted to humiliate him even more. To make things square, she promised him right there that she’d suck my cock in revenge and that is exactly what happened, to his surprise and mine. Before I realized what’s going on, this exotic chick was on her knees in front of me, pulling my massive and already hard meat out of my pants with her boyfriend still there. Seeing his complaints didn’t do squat he just left, defeated. Gorgeous Latina was already slobbering on my shaft, going deeper with every move, stroking me with her hand and fondling my balls as she tried to take every inch of me in her tiny mouth. I even grabbed the back of her head and started fucking her throat and she let me without complaining. I could see she enjoyed it and was hungry for my stiff rod. I lied down on the ground and let the sexy babe blow me for a while longer until she couldn’t resist anymore and had to feel me inside of her. By the time she was done sucking me off, her pussy was already dripping wet so she simply mounted me in reverse cowgirl and immediately slid all the way down. I could feel her tight cunt gripping my boner as she went balls deep, impaling herself harder and faster with every passing second. I loved watching her tiny asshole go up and down as her big butt jiggled and she moaned in pleasure.   She was a fine ass fuck toy. The babe bounced her big bubble butt and slid her cunt up and down along the length of my cock enthusiastically, like the whore that she now was. She had the most sexy ass that I loved to put my hands on when she was riding me. Her asshole looked delicious. Wanting to feel me in different ways, the naked girl turned around and was now riding me like a horny little cowgirl. Watching her pretty face and her young, perky tits shake around as she was bouncing on my cock felt out of this world. I have no idea how many times she came but her moans and screams kept getting more intense. Eager to pound her even harder I decided to take the initiative. The hot babe lied down and spread her legs wide, letting me pump her wet snatch vigorously before turning her around and taking her from behind. She moaned and gasped and arched her back up to me. I was slamming that petite body doggy style in full force, making her lose herself in pleasure, cumming numerous times. Feeling her pussy pulsate and tighten around my cock made me finally reach my limits and pull out, shooting massive streams of hot jizz all over her face. There is nothing more beautiful than watching the cum enter the girls’ mouths.