You know how sometimes you’re watching a vlog video and there’s this really obnoxious chick who’s, like, putting on make-up or some shit, and while she’s talking, you really have the wish to slam her head against the table? Luckily, we have less violent options today, which is exactly what can be seen in this video. At first you just see a chick that’s talking into the camera about some make up stuff that you don’t know anything about. Well, in this video you get the ultimate chance to see vlogger girls get exactly what they deserve, which is a big cock to shut them the fuck up. As soon as she starts being insufferable, the view splits and at the right side you see her getting her slutty ass mouth ravaged with a giant dick as she’s trying to gasp for air. The dirty whore bobs her head up and down in steady rhythm along his shaft perfectly under his control, as he grips the side of her head, pumping into her face enthusiastically. For a while that just goes on in the same manner, only to cut the scene to her getting nicely and brutally fucked in her pussy, moaning in pleasure and wanting to switch poses just so she can get some more pleasure out of this. Her make up video blog turns into hardcore porn. So if you are into rough, brutal hardcore sex, this is a video you won’t want to miss. The slut is getting pounded doggy style while her panties are hanging down on her thighs, and that is an incredibly sexy sighting. And one fact that is pretty funny and interesting to me – of course the guy is buff and tattooed, and has a big dick, because that’s the only kind of guys that these girls are searching for. “You dirty little slut” he firmly grabs her braid pulling her head back a bit. After getting brutally fucked from behind, she now sits on his cock and gets fucked from a completely different angle, causing her to moan and scream even more as her insides get filled with that cock and its sticky precum. First the dirty slut rides him from the side, and then she switches to reverse cowgirl, anything, just to satisfy her needs.   Crazy slut can’t help screaming out in pleasurable pain, as she feels she is going to be split in two by his huge cock like a dirty filty little slut. He pounds in and out of her cunt, his balls slapping hard against her clit. Again and again he thrusts hard, the girl clenching her teeth until the hard, speedy rhythms brings a climax she’s never experienced before. After riding him for a significant amount of time like that, he throws her on the couch, so she can spread her legs and get in the missionary pose, exposing her cute, tight, and pink pussy even more. She pulls her pubic hair with one hand causing the dude to get even hornier and he just starts banging her with even more passion and roughness than before. The only way to finish this crazy fuck session is a huge orgasm, and the dude manages to nut pretty good, and so does the girl. He can’t take it anymore and his cock hits her in the face. He grabs the back of her head and pulls her mouth onto it, gagging her with his cum. Look at her now! She is a real cum slut! And that’s exactly the perfect way to treat a spoiled vlogger girl – make her choke on your huge dick, make her beg for that yummy load in her mouth, then turn her over and fuck her in every single pose you can remember, and tire her out endlessly, until you decide to let the bitch cum and that’s it.