When this sexy brunette teen girl falls asleep on the couch while watching TV, her pervy stepbrother takes advantage of the situation and pulls her red top over her breasts so he can check them out. What a creep! He fondles her breasts and thighs when she wakes up and he pretends he was just looking for the remote. Just a few hours later he opens her bedroom door while she’s changing and spies on her. His sister pulls takes off her panties and he can see her naked ass and even her wonderful pussy between her ass cheeks. Unfortunately he gets caught red handed and his sister slams the door shut in his face. A while later, she hears weird noises coming from her room and when she takes a look, she sees him totally naked and using a cock sleeve top jerk his rock hard cock. She has never seen a gut jerking off his penis. It gets her so turned on! Now she gets how he feels when he’s spying on her! He reveals he has never had sex before, and his siter decides to help him. She gets naked, spreads her legs and puts his pussy masturbator on her belly, now her brother can imagine that this is a real pussy. She holds the toy close to her pussy while he masturbates with it. What she does not expect is that her brother suddenly sticks his penis into her vagina! He pushes his cock inside her with one sudden thrust his head parts her lips and penetrates deep inside her pussy as she lets out a loud moan. What he really wants is to fuck her pussy and now she feels the same way. She lets him continue fucking her pussy on her bed. After fucking her in missionary his naked sister sucks on his cock and gets on her knees so he can bang her from behind. He lies on his back and the horny girl gets on top, pushing his dick back inside her wet cunt and riding him in cowgirl position. She flips into reverse and lies down against him, feeling that big cock stuffing her clam so good. She lies on her back and rubs her cunt while he keeps nailing her, ready to feel her stepbrother’s hot spunk spraying all over her face and body, what a rush! 