Women can be so competitive, especially a bunch of sexy women talking about their cock sucking skills. To figure out who is the best, they decide to have a competition. The girls place blindfolds over their eyes and it’s on. This very lucky stud gets to be the judge of this awesome cock sucking competition where he is already the winner, LOL! The girls begin by sucking on ice-cream pops. They move on to a ripe banana, testing their deepthroating skills and their gag threshold. Some of the girls are already drooling copiously, but that’s not necessarily a disadvantage in this competition. A sexy tall blonde is the first to be eliminated when her deepthroating skills prove to be subpar compared to the rest of the girls in competition. Only two girls are left, a sexy blonde and a hot brunette. Now the girls have to swallow a big bright pink dildo. The blonde does a good job, but the brunette does it even better and is ready to take on the final challenge in order to be declared the sole survivor in this hot cock sucking competition! She’s ready to take on the judge’s massive meat pole, having it pushed into her mouth and down her throat! He holds her head still while plowing her mouth and seeing how long she can take it. Thick ropes of drool drip from the sides of her lips and down her chin as she resists the onslaught of that huge cock being thrust down her throat. He removes the blindfold so she can see what she’s dealing with and she loves it, it looks as big as it feels and she’s all about sucking big dicks! The slut lies on her back and grabs her big tits while she gets fed that big throbbing erection. Now the drool is dripping down her face upside down like a fucking saliva mascara. She massages his balls while he’s thrusting his cock down her throat and making her gag on it. Finally satisfied with fucking her mouth, he puts her on her back, spreads her legs wide open and bangs her wet cunt in missionary position. His cock is slamming in and out of her pussy so fast it’s making splashing sounds as he fucks her relentlessly.   While he’s plowing her, she grabs the big pink dildo and sucks on it. He turns the naked girl over and bends her down, ramming his dick back into her cunt and nailing her from behind while she deep throats the sex toy. She straddles herself on top of him and gets her twat impaled on his throbbing erection, riding the stud in reverse cowgirl position. “Yes, it is,” she moans, slamming herself down onto him. Up and down she goes, her tight pussy riding his hard dick, her tits bouncing as she does. This is the best pussy he has ever had! His hips colliding with hers over and over, his balls slapping against her swollen clit. The crazy slut gives him yet another sloppy drool drenched blowjob. He presses her against him, her tits against his chest, plowing her hard and watching all that saliva still dripping down her slutty face. She makes that big bubble butt bounce up and down on his lap. Her body spasmed, her already tight pussy clamped even harder on his dick with each thrust. Her face twisted in pleasure as the orgasm hit her, eyes rolling back in her head. He was slamming so hard into her cunt she could hear his balls banging against her ass. This filthy cock sucking slut isn’t stopping until her face and tits are soaked in hot cum.