Beautiful little brunette minx, Emily, was at her boyfriend’s place to spend some time with him but he was too busy watching the TV. Luckily, his father was there too and he looked a lot more interested in a young teen slut so she decided to take advantage of the situation. Under the pretense of giving her boyfriend a massage, she bent over behind him, allowing his dad to remove her skimpy clothes and lick her tight, young pussy. The man spread her cute little ass cheeks licking her ass crack, her tender pussy and asshole. That quickly turned her on so she dropped down on her knees and took his already hard cock out. The teen girl was choking on his massive size right behind her boyfriend’s back, trying to fit it all in her petite mouth, slobbering all over it with her saliva and his precum mixing and making her face all messy. It wasn’t long before she couldn’t resist without feeling it in her dripping wet pussy. She bent over once again, but this time waiting for his stiff rod to impale her. He didn’t waste any more time and forced himself balls deep inside her tight pussy. Emily could barely contain herself and muffle the moans of pleasure as he continued drilling her with his son and her boyfriend still in the room, oblivious to what is happening. Once they got too horny they had to make up an excuse and go to the bedroom. Having ended up alone, he first fucked her mouth and throat rough and hard, listening all the sloppy and sexy sounds she makes while sucking on his stiff rod. “Show me how much you love my cock!” Then, he licked her pussy for a bit before taking her from behind and hammering her cunt doggy style. The young naked girl moaned, reaching between her legs to rapidly flick her clit as he fucked her brutally. He kept hammering her pussy furiously, pushing his hard cock as deep into her petite body as possible. They both enjoyed fucking each other relentlessly in many different positions and she came multiple times before he shot a gigantic load all over her face. 