When a girl is studying art in college, sometimes she will have to paint naked models. Both male and female. Usually, girls have no problem painting female models, but with the males it can sometimes be a little awkward or difficult. Luckily, this girl has no problems with that. She called a buddy from her class to come to her home and help her paint something in her private time. But what this girl didn’t count on was the fact that this guy had a massive penis that he kept hidden. It’s almost the size of a horse dick! He convince said him to drop his towel, and when he did it she couldn’t believe her eyes! You can bet that after that, painting was the last thing that was on her mind, which the hot blonde teen proved by grabbing his massive dick and holding it in her hands while looking at him seductively. After that, the guy realized what the fuck is up and just started to undress her and kiss her ass cheeks and subtly lick her beautiful pussy. But, before he could finish that, the girl simply dropped on her knees and started sucking, so we got a fantastic blowjob from multiple perspectives and angles. The best part of that was when the little slut laid down and he just fucked her throat while she made gagging noises and looking at his giant balls near her face, dangling freely just above her nose. After that was over, the guy lifted her in the air and pressed her against the wall to lick her pussy while the naked girl was moaning, and after he was finished satisfying her that way, the sex was the obvious next step. He just put her on a chair and pressed her head against the table, while putting in his dick from behind. Of course, she immediately felt it impaling her insides and she started screaming from pleasure, and the dude just started ramming her fuck-hole and enjoying himself.   The babe looks great fucking. I love watching her gorgeous ass jiggle while she’s being pounded by her buddy. After having some fun like that for a while, it was the time to switch poses. The next pose on the menu for the teens was the reverse cowgirl on the floor. As the hot naked babe is riding him, we get to take a good look at that pussy and see that the dick is going all in, making her body shake, which made a tremendous impact on her small boobs, making them shake even more and more. Their next pose was the missionary on the couch, with the addition of the girl spreading her legs to the maximum, which means that the guy was able to fuck her with no restrictions, and we also get a better view of her whole body and her pierced nipples. Then they just switched to another riding variable, this time just a regular cowgirl, and that is where it ends, with both of them cumming. Finally, she gets her face painted by some sticky cum, and she is satisfied!