Our favorite teen beauty’s second day continues with a rollerblading session. She’s an athletic girl, fit and flexible, and we see it here as she rolls around on her skates in cute yellow short shorts and skimpy top. Showing off her skills, she also dances in her rollerblades, and gives us some nice views of her perfect butt. Back home, she takes her bottoms off and spreads her ass cheeks right in front of my camera. This time she starts with the ass play, caressing her anus with her finger and slowly inserting it in her asshole. Lying on her back she starts fingering her cute little ass, and one thing that is amazing to me, is that usually, you can see the porn actresses struggling while fingering their asses because they are not enjoying it. But no, this teen girl has enjoyment written all over her face, and while she fingers that ass, she just smiles and goes on with her day. After that ass fingering, she decides to level it up a bit and brings a dildo in on the action, spreading her asshole even more, but that’s okay, because that is just the teaser before the real action that involves her pussy. In combination with her magic wand toy, she ends up squirting all over the couch! Then the young beautiful naked girl does a sensual dance for us. She also plays around poolside, for more pussy play, and a little peeing scene. After that, she started to fist her pussy, putting her hand all in there! She gets on the chair with her ass sticking out in the air and fucks her pussy with her fist! The young sexy girl does it from behind, and goes all out intense fast fist pounding into her vagina, spreading her pussy which prepared her for using two huge and delicious cucumbers to pleasure both of her wholes, before abandoning one of them to just ride the other one with her pussy. And one thing that you know for sure is the fact that she kept doing this until both you and her achieved a long and relaxing orgasm. All hail this girl, the queen of action. Another Girls Masturbate update to enjoy, with a dream girl who surprises us every time with her amazing sexual talents, thanks FTVGirls! 