You never know when homewreckers like these two insanely hot chicks are going to strike. These two bitches are so unpredictable that by the time the homeowner found out that they’re in his house, the girls already had a dildo up to his neck. He would never risk his life for anything so he just let the homewreckers do whatever they want just as long as they don’t use that dildo on him. The two babes are amused and decided to see what he’s hiding inside his trousers. The blonde one has a look and feel with her hand and find out that the man is carrying quite the package down there. The brunette slut decides to have some fun in that case and gets on her knees. She pulls out his cock and the blonde follows suit by getting down on her knees as well to feast on that hard cock. Two gorgeous naked girls both start bunching on it and the guy just doesn’t know how to react to it. After all, he is enjoying it but they assaulted him just a second ago. There’s also the risk of his girlfriend finding him in the middle of this mess since she’s in the house. He was watching TV when he heard a noise and went to check it only to have these two sluts suck on her boyfriend’s cock. As you’d expect, the girlfriend finds them in the middle of the action and start scrutinizing him and he says that it’s not what it looks like. However, it’s exactly as it looks like and the brunette even stands up to defend herself with that pink dildo from earlier. The girlfriend has no choice but to leave and she is a bit pissed off about it. Since that was out of the way, he allows the thing to go all the way by letting the horny girls such more and more. The girls both strip down and they strip the guy down as well until they’re all completely naked. That’s when all the serious business begins and they start fucking hard in the bed.   The hot naked girls get their hungry cunts fucked in pretty much every position that you can imagine. They don’t forget to suck his huge cock together, swallowing his amazing erection, licking his balls. After that’s done they move on to missionary and eventually both naked girls start riding him as well like dirty little cowgirls. Not much time passes after that and then the dude starts fucking one of the hoes from behind in doggy style while the other one watches and occasionally pulls the cock out so that she can suck on it for a while. The two babes are absolutely gorgeous so nobody can blame the guy for going all the way with them. They have massive tits and even better asses which no guy would ever be able to resist no matter what the situation. Download the full video and watch the naked girls licking, sucking and lapping his cum out of each other cunts. The sight of a girl lapping sperm from a freshly filled pussy is incredibly erotic!