Young brunett has a confession for her girlfriend as something has been bothering her for a while. The girls are preparing for another slumber party together when she admits to her lover that her stepmom fucked her. Even though she told her that she is barely 18, that didn’t stop busty MILF to make her eat her pussy. Her friend is stunned as she blurts out how strongly and sensually her own stepmom came onto her and how she was unable to resist the sexy older woman. The way she groped her big tits, undressed her, then jumped on top of her, rode her face and came into her mouth… her friend couldn’t help it! Is she mad at her stepmom and her friend? All this talk about lesbian sex leads to things getting hot and heavy between the teens. After a while, the girl figured out that she loved every second of the action, even though she knew how wrong that was. After all, that’s a stepmom of her current girlfriend! While asking her to keep talking, her lesbian girlfriend is already stripping, until both of them are naked. In a minute, the young naked girls form a sixty-nine, as they lick their pussies with passion like they never had before. The girl continues to tell about her wild adventure with her lover’s mom as she explains what perverted MILF did to her. Her girlfriend is riding her face, teasing and asking if it feels as good as when her step-mom was doing it. The thing is, this mature slut is already here, sneaking in the room. While that is a surprise, it’s a pleasant one as they form the train on the bed, with the naked woman in the middle of it and two young girls licking her. Her experience is valuable as she teaches both girls how to have even better orgasms as they fuck each other. She demonstrates various techniques, even the kinky ones like asshole stretching and licking. The girls love these lessons as they can’t stop cumming and asking for more. Face riding, tribbing, ass rimming, pussy and ass licking… don’t miss this amazing lesbian threesome! Theur young pussies are soaking and dripping wet, and their assholes are pulsing with desire for a tongue. This wild session ends only after all of the lesbians are so tired that they can only kiss as they are falling asleep, hoping they will continue their outrageous sessions the very next day. 