I was outside riding bicycles with my beautiful girlfriend and her friend on a perfect, sunny day. At one point my GF and I stopped to make out. She is this hot brunette with perky tits and adorable face so I quickly lost myself imagining all kinds of naughty stuff while kissing her. Her friend was annoyed with us as she planned we all enjoy an exercise together. However, my girl was as horny as I was so she sent her to grab us some drinks while we kept going. Both of us knew we couldn’t stop anymore and that our bicycling exercise was over so, not wanting to exclude her friend, we invited her with us. I had no objection to that because her friend was just as amazing. A bit shorter, this exotic brunette had sensual, seductive curves and large, round tits, a bit bigger than my girlfriend’s. We ended up in the bedroom and I was lying down on the bed, watching the girls slowly strip and tease me. I love girls with big tits and I liked to watch their big titties wiggled while they were playing with their boobies in front of me. The friend was already naked and slowly taking my cock with her mouth while I watched my GF removing her panties and asking me to gently rub her pussy. However, she couldn’t resist just watching my massive boner being slobbered on so she quickly joined, simultaneously sucking my cock and licking her friend’s hard nipples. The busty naked girls kept switching roles, licking and sucking on my fat meat and, at one point, while my girl was sucking the head of my cock and the exotic friend was swallowing my balls with her naughty mouth, I felt I was in heaven. However, that was just the beginning as we were both only starting. My gf’s friend was the first one to sit on my shaft. She mounted me in reverse cowgirl and I enjoyed watching her sexy, round ass slowly swallow my member.   My girlfriend helped guide it in, all horny and naughty, enjoying the sight of me about to bang her friend. The experience didn’t end there. Both of us watched her curves gently shake as she went up and down while riding me, and my girl couldn’t wait for her to take a break. Just as I pulled out she took it in her slutty mouth and started sucking on it again, wanting to have a taste of her pussy juices on my rod. After more riding, it was my GF’s turn. My babe jumped on top of me like a kinky cowgirl, facing me and immediately going all the way down. She was riding me wildly, moaning and enjoying her girl rubbing her beautiful big tits and kissing me in the meantime. We kept picking up the pace and going harder and naughtier. I watched her tits slapping each other as they bounced around on her chest. Girls changed places on my cock, riding me and letting me pound them while they’d kiss, fondle or lick each other. To my satisfaction, both came screaming multiple times until I couldn’t handle it anymore and shot a massive load, giving my GF’s friend a thick and warm creampie. I kept my cock deep in her pussy while we all watched me cumming in her. My babe said it was her turn to get a creampie!