Beautiful black-haired MILF with a slim, petite and athletic body was having a jogging exercise outside when she hurt her leg. Luckily, a guy came around offering help. He said that he was a licensed massage therapist and suggested he could improve her condition. She agreed and brought him home telling him he could assist before her husband returns. He began gently rubbing her leg which, however, slowly turned her on. Suddenly the woman asked him to remove her pants and from there on out situation quickly escalated. Her perfect ass appeared right in front of his face. He began to kiss her ass cheeks, then licking her ass crack and wet pussy, fingering her and listening to hear screams of pleasure. Her body was lean, toned, perfectly voluptuous. She has the best ass and legs! After making her cum on his tongue and having her remove the rest of her clothes, revealing her perfect, round tits and cute nipples, he was ready for her to return the favor. Glamorous mommy made him sit on the couch and started sucking on his rock hard shaft. He wouldn’t let her catch a breath and continued to finger her tight cunt while she was swallowing his stiff boner, making it all wet and slippery, choking while deepthroating. Having enjoyed that steamy oral foreplay, they were both ready for hardcore fucking. The sexy naked woman mounted him in reverse cowgirl and immediately slid all the way down on his dick. He noticed how ready and horny she is so he started pounding relentlessly right off the bat. She was screaming while being impaled and feeling him stretching her completely. She was riding him wildly, slamming herself down so she was penetrated deeply over and over again. Wanting to feel each other in every position possible they kept changing and switching. Hot mommy enjoyed being pounded from different angles and came multiple times, riding him like a cowgirl, being pounded missionary or having her cunt drilled doggy style until he reached his edge and pulled out, shooting massive loads of thick cum all over her. 