In fact, it wasn’t the first time a new neighbor, the girl next door, was trying to seduce me. When me and my girlfriend first met her, she was temptation incarnate. We followed her, my eyes glued to her sculpted bottom, her ass cheeks quivering and flexing as she took each step. I’m sure the sexy little slut knew the effect she had on me. A couple of days later I was by the pool as I catch the sun rays. Our sexy girl next door passed by me with that same seductive look and didn’t even try to look away as she did, her eyes were directly on me, like I was a target! What the fuck, where the hell did this girl come from. She went into the pool removing her tiny bikini. That was the invitation for me to join her. Wasting no time, she pulled off her bikini under the water. I dived under the water and could see her naked ass. She had the most beautiful perfectly shaped ass! Then the naked girl bent over the edge of the pool with her amazing ass and her pussy right in front of my face. She didn’t want to wait any longer, she grabbed my cock and began sucking it right in the pool! Next thing I know, we are back on the dry land as she is once again showing me her cock sucking lessons while I’m rubbing her pussy. It’s a beautiful view, that’s for sure, and even though I’m treating her roughly, she is still concentrated on making my shaft as hard as possible. She is comfortably on my face in a 69 position, I’m licking her smooth pussy lips, her pink slit and her clit and honestly, I love the taste of her pussy as I insert my tongue inside of it. After she gave me a blowjob to remember, we are both ready, I let her choose the starting position, as she rides me cowgirl style, watching me straight into the eyes, knowing that turns me on. I love reverse cowgirl too, as I can see her fat ass going up and down, and my shaft drilling her tiny pussy. Missionary is probably her favorite pose as she can relax and let me control the action. I start slowly before I speed up the rhythm and enjoy listening to her moaning that becomes louder every minute. There is no one else around, but if there was, we don’t care about it. As she is begging for it, I came straight to her mouth, as she swallows the load like a good girl. 