My girlfriend had her hot friend over and we were all chilling and playing truth or dare. Turns out, both girls were really kinky and naughty and the game quickly escalated. The friend, who is this ravishing, exotic, black haired babe with big, round tits and a cute face, started with spicy questions and first asked me if I prefer licking pussy or ass. After telling her I enjoy pussy more, she dared me to whip my dick out. Without wasting a second I dropped my pants down and started waving my massive member in front of their faces. My girlfriend, who is this stunning brunette with a perfect, slim body and tiny tits, enjoyed seeing her friend’s reaction almost as much as I did. She loved how thrilled the black haired chick was with my size and didn’t want to deny her the pleasure of tasting it. Both of the girls approached me and ended up on their knees all horny. My GF, being the generous friend, let her have the first taste, given how she already knows what’s in store for them. This stunning babe gently took the tip of my cock in her mouth and slowly started going deeper. My girl couldn’t wait much longer and soon I had two beautiful naked girls taking turns sucking my throbbing dick. One would swallow as much of it as she could while the other would hold the shaft, gently stroking it and guiding it to the other girl’s mouth or licking my balls, enhancing my pleasure even more before the girls switched roles and repeated the whole process over and over. I loved watching my cock between their lips as they tried to kiss each other and slobber all over it at the same time.   Needless to say, I would love for that to go on forever, but the girls wanted more and I knew there was even more excitement in store for me. At one point while my girl was deepthroating me, the other babe started undressing, exposing her luscious body, getting ready to ride me. Neither of us remained indifferent as I couldn’t wait to feel her squeeze my member and my GF started kissing her, fondling her breasts, licking her firm nipples. The moment she sat on me like a horny, little cowgirl felt amazing. Right off the bat, she started bouncing up and down, impaling herself balls deep on my stiff rod with my girlfriend rubbing her clit and enjoying the show. However, I didn’t forget about her and went on to finger her dripping cunt even before the hot naked girls switched on my dick. Now she was going all the way in a reverse cowgirl and her friend was enjoying me fingering her, imagining it’s my cock and riding me vigorously. We went on to try multiple different positions. Girls enjoyed each other so every time I’d pound one, she would lick the other. Both of them came many times before I sprayed full of cum.