After having a dream about a hot brunette, asking him to fuck her in the ass, he woke up to his caring wife calling him from the living room. Once there, he saw her waiting with another girl. She told him she knows their sex life wasn’t how it used to be and that she wanted to make it up for him so she had brought her friend. The girl turned out to be the one he had dreamed of. His wife started slowly undressing the girl and mentioned she wanted to stay and watch, making sure he is satisfied. His wife gently caressed his hair while he went down to slobber all over the other girl’s hairy pussy, enjoying the show herself. Every man’s dream, his girlfriend or wife offering up another woman to them! The girl is so beautiful as well as those to die for big ass natural titties. Now that she wanted to return the favor so she went on her knees and took his rock hard cock in her mouth. The wife watched with joy as another woman swallowed her husband’s cock whole, stroking the shaft and making his dick all wet and slippery and ready for fucking. Once they were both at their limits with how horny they were, the naked girl went on all fours on the couch and presented him with her big, soft, round ass. Her butthole was made for anal! His wife sat there eagerly watching as he started slowly inserting his massive dick into her inviting asshole. I love “straight to the ass” scenes. Love voyeur scenes. The scene shot of his wife hungry look when his cock is deep in her ass is the best. Plus, the look on the girl’s face because his cock is deep in her ass while being watched – total Turn on. Once fully in, he quickly picked up the pace and was soon ramming her in full force, making her feel his throbbing boner all the way in her pussy. From there on out, they just kept going harder and rougher, he kept hammering her tight ass in every position possible, only occasionally fucking her dripping cunt. She came multiple times before he was at his limits too and pumped her ass full of thick cum. His wife had never let him fuck her in the ass and now she was watching with joy as his cum was leaking out of another girl’s ass. 