I have this gorgeous, young, blonde nubile as my stepdaughter but I had no idea she was a horny and kinky slut. Granted, tattoos on her perfect, tight body could’ve been an indicator she loves experimenting but nothing could’ve prepared me for when I had stumbled upon her on a couch while we were home alone. Her mom was out in town and I had found my stepdaughter on the couch, trying to figure out how to play video games. After chatting with her for a bit I had noticed she didn’t have any underwear and I had a perfect view of her amazing, clean shaven, tight pussy. However, being the good stepdad that I am, I had tried to tell her to cover up but that only escalated the situation. This kinky and horny blonde started teasing me with her tiny tits and pierced nipples and before I knew what was happening, my throbbing cock was already deep in her mouth. She was sucking me off like those teen girls in porn movies, slobbering all over my shaft and choking with my massive size while I was warning her to tell nothing to her mom. Seeing her tiny mouth barely being able to fit my whole size quickly brought me to the edge and a few moments later I was holding the back of her head and shooting a massive load deep down her throat. Surprised by a sudden mouthful of cum, she spat all out and ran away. Lucky for both of us, that was just the beginning. The next time I stumbled upon her, she was in the bathroom already naked, asking me to help her with some shaving cream left over from when she shaved her pussy. It was all just a trick to make me finger her pink pussy but I didn’t mind.   A few moments later the young naked girl was on all fours on the floor and I was ramming her smooth snatch doggy style, going all the way in, hammering in full force. Her pussy was amazing, so hot, wet and tight. We were really going at it, she was screaming her lungs out feeling my massive boner stretch her insides, both getting ready to cum when we heard my wife enter the house and had to abruptly stop again. Third times is the charm they say and I didn’t want to have another moment be ruined. This time I found her sleeping in her bed and started jerking off to her sexy body. My stepdaughter soon woke up and I made her choke on my cock yet again. She was even better this time, taking it whole inside and making me ready to drill her properly. With no one to stop us this time, I took her from behind again and started hammering her harder than ever before. Her screams only made me go deeper and rougher before we started changing positions, wanting to try everything out. She came multiple times satisfied with all the pounding before I reached the edge and sprayed my stepdaughter full of my thick, white jizz. Whenever my stepdaughter needs anything from me, all she has to do is show me a little bit of her tight little pussy!