Adorable petite Asian girl was going door to door and raising money for a local community center. She looked cute and sexy wearing her white shirt, checkered, schoolgirl skirt and big glasses so a guy let her in. Turns out it was the right thing to do as the girl was not only good and kind but also a huge freak and extremely naughty and kinky. While listing all the perks of donating, the major one was receiving a good dick sucking for just a hundred bucks. Stunned, the guy quickly collected himself and started counting the money. Just as he found enough his wife dropped by. Luckily, it was just to let him know she’s going out so he knew he was in for loads of fun. Just as she left, he gave the money to the naughty little Asian and she went down to business. Having dropped on her knees, she pulled his already rock hard and massive meat out and started vigorously sucking on it right off the bat. His huge cock could barely fit in her little mouth but she was swallowing it whole like a champ, not stopping even when it would hit the back of her throat and choke her. Wanting to know what else she can do, they stopped for a second and she mentioned she will let him fuck her for 200 and allow him to cum on her face for 400 bucks. It was the easiest deal of his life and they ended up on his couch in the living room. Once there, he was eager to make the good use of the money spent and started fucking her throat really rough. His precum and her saliva mixing were dripping all over, making her face all messy while he kept suffocating her with his massive shaft. The kinky slut that she is, the whole situation turned her on so she climbed the bed and spread her legs, allowing him to return the favor. He was licking her young pussy and listening to her moans and screams of pleasure before flipping her over and slobbering all over her tight, little asshole. She is such a beauty I would not stop licking her pussy and asshole even if my wife walked in on us. After making sure she was all wet and ready for his massive dick he finally made her mount him.   Leaving on nothing but her sexy skirt, she hopped on top and impaled herself balls deep in reverse cowgirl. He enjoyed watching her tight butt go up and down, swallowing his whole length before she turned around, letting him look at her tiny tits jiggle with every bounce she’d make. From there on out, they just kept picking up the pace. He drilled her little pussy deeper and harder with every passing moment and they kept switching and changing positions so that she could feel that huge meat stretch her tiny cunt from every angle possible. Teen girl came multiple times, squirting from her dripping pussy, her slim legs shaking in pleasure before he reached his edge too and shot a big load on her face. She’s a heartthrob, from being on her knees and slobbing the knob, to side fucking then taking the face shot – she’s absolutely epic. Download the full video, this little slut is perfect and one of the highlights of the summer porn releases so far.