Young blonde with glasses is a real estate agent for a while and is already known in her company as someone with a bright future. Even her much more experienced colleagues are stunned as she sells the estates which no one else was able to, sometimes even for years. When they ask her what her secret is, she always tells the same – it’s all about knowing your clients and doing everything to make them happy. She is even ready to go the extra mile and offer them something no another agent will do. Today she is presenting this beautiful villa to a young couple. They are trying to find their new home and are looking at a quite expensive villa. Young blonde knows it won’t be easy to sell this place, but she knows how to persuade them. This is a huge estate, so while her client’s wife is away, she uses this chance to seduce him. He is an easy target, so once she puts her hands on his dick, he is ready to give in. That’s a signal for this blonde slut to go down on her knees and starts to suck him with full power. His wife told them she has a long business talk over the phone so that they can relax and continue their steamy session. For some time, he thinks she might be cheating on him, so this is the chance for him to get revenge. The blonde real estate agent is happy that he enjoys the situation as she is trying her hardest to make his schlong hard before they take the next step. Suddenly, his wife is back inside, but luckily, she didn’t catch them. As both of them horny as hell, they are not even thinking straight. Gone is the fear they will get caught as they start fucking each other on the sofa, starting with a cowgirl position. They fit each other nicely, as they go around the house. As he nails her pussy, that is a chance for her to show him the other rooms.   Of course, they can’t skip the bedroom, as this man goes deep inside of her pussy with his tongue, finally tasting her juices. She would lie if she said that she didn’t enjoy this. If she would make the rankings, he would probably be in the top five. It’s like he knows what she loves as it feels that he is seducing her now. The beautiful girl lifts her hips up to allow him to take off her skirt. He holds himself inside her amazing cunt, holding her hips and relishing the sensation of having her womanhood wrapped around his throbbing shaft. There is no need to fake the orgasm, as she had a bunch of them already, even when riding him reverse cowgirl style, which never happened to her before. He is balls deep inside of her snatch, as she stretches her legs wide. Watching this stunning blonde being fucked is absolute amazement and absolute joy! He slams deep into her body as deep as he can again and again, his hand going to her hair, raising her head so she is looking at him as she cums. Finally, it’s time for some rough action as impales her doggy style before shooting his massive load on her tits and face, covering her glasses with cum.