This man was so hard at work fixing the shower that at first he didn’t even notice his step-daughter who went into the bathroom. The 18 year old teen was getting ready to take advantage of the bathtub, lay in the bathtub completely naked and play with her pussy. The young naked girl was rubbing her pussy faster and faster and was about to come. Such a beautiful sight! However, she wasn’t aware that her perverted stepdad was right next to her, watching her masturbating herself. She was terrified at first, but then again, she wanted to see what stepdaddy’s cock felt like, so she told him to pull his cock out and to stick it into her mouth! She was masturbating her pussy with one hand and sucking and jerking his cock with the other as her stepdad watched and it was amazing. His young step daughter sucked gently, teasing his cock with her tongue, kissing the tip, caressing it with her soft lips. After a bit of oral action, this girl headed out to the bedroom with him and bent over for him. He drilled her tight pussy from the back and gripped tightly onto her hips while he did so. That big bubble ass of hers looked so amazing, but she decided to do some reverse cowgirl action, too. Her pussy went up and down, and she loved the sensation of that hard cock piercing that hole and stretching it out completely. Furthermore, she never took her eyes off him, so she stared at him directly in the eye while riding him. He hold onto her legs while the young naked girl rode him, and after a while, she put her pussy on his face and let him eat her out nicely. She moaned loudly as the tongue glided across the labia and the clitoris. The hot teen girl pushed her hips forward and made her stepdad lick on her harder and harder as she really enjoyed what was going on at the moment. He grabbed her hips and shoved his tongue inside. Then they did some reverse cowgirl again, and she shoved a finger inside of her butt hole while she rode and seemed to enjoy what was happening quite a bit. He grabbed her sexy ass with both of his hands and spreaded her cheeks. She could feel his cock suddenly drill even deeper into her and then convulse. She felt that hot burst deep inside of her that told her that he was cumming in her, that his cum was shooting out like from a cannon, sending his cum deep into her vagina. 