I was at a beach outside with my sexy girlfriend, planning to have a nice picnic. She is this petite, exotic Asian chick with a tight, little body, tiny tits, and a cute, round ass. We were strolling around for a bit while she kept teasing me by occasionally flashing her perky boobs, keeping me on edge. Eventually, we found a nice, secluded place where we saw nobody can disturb us so we placed a blanket on the ground. I wasn’t even finished setting up the place and my girlfriend was already up in my face with her tiny tits and turning around, sticking her small butt up, simply forcing me to stretch it with my hands revealing her tight asshole. Mere seconds later, this naughty, little Asian minx was on her knees swallowing my massive cock. She was slobbering the whole shaft, making sexy noises while trying to deepthroat it and gagging. My precum and her spit kept mixing making my dick all wet and slippery and her cute face all messy so I couldn’t resist grabbing the back of her head and fucking her mouth rough. She was so horny and turned on from giving me a blowjob that she didn’t need any foreplay and her pussy was already dripping. So, having made sure my boner was rock hard, slippery and ready for her, she simply stood up and turned around. Ready and willing to do all the work herself and tease me even more, she placed the tip of my cock at the entrance of her little cunt and slowly impaled herself all the way. I enjoyed watching her slim body go back and forth as her tight pussy kept swallowing my whole length. She was being the biggest tease ever, going balls deep one moment only to take it completely out the next. I could only resist for so long before finally grabbing her hips and drilling her vigorously. Her sensual moans quickly turned into screams of pleasure as she felt my massive size stretching her insides while my hands kept squeezing her buttcheeks. After having my way with her I let her tease me some more and ride me at her own pace before I made her go on all fours. Everytime I see her naked I can’t help admiring her gorgeous slim body.   Once there, we were going at each other rhythmically. I held her hips with one hand pounding her deep and she would push back with my every move, trying to feel every inch of my meat. Outdoors beach sex really turned her on. Eventually, I just had to fuck her as hard as possible so I grabbed her again and hammered her pulsating cunt until she lost breath. Wanting to feel me drill her from every angle possible, she made me lie down and straddled me in a cowgirl position, riding me and cumming. I watched my big, hard cock glistening wetly as it slithered in and out between her tight pussy lips. She slammed herself down onto my dick arching her back and tilting her head back. Asians girls are made for sex and my babe is definition of perfect. I was gunna make her cum all over my dick before I cover her gorgeous face in cum! She came with an intensity, I could feel her vagina contracting, squeezing firmly all around my shaft, milking me. Smiling, my naked girlfriend released my rod and quickly shifted herself into a reverse cowgirl position, continuing with the same pace. I made her cum multiple times before I finally reached my limits where I shot massive loads of thick, white cum all over her tight, little, sweaty body.