This adorable little Asian teenie was going door to door trying to sell some cookies like a good, diligent girl scout. Having been very persistent, she didn’t mind going into this stranger’s house, trying to persuade him into buying some. He was a tough customer and soon she was down on her knees in front of him, practically begging him to buy something, trying to show every item in her inventory to the potential buyer. It wasn’t going really well for her until she mentioned having earned a deep throat badge!!! Of course, that immediately caught his attention and just a few moments later the teen was undoing his pants and pulling his fat boner out. In no time, this exotic tiny Asian minx was slobbering all over his shaft and he was amazed at her awesome blowjob skills, given how young she was. Just as he was getting completely lost in pleasure, his wife entered the house. He hid the cocksucking teen girl behind the counter before wife started talking to him about all the cookies and trying some to figure out which ones to buy. The teen didn’t want to stop and kept on stroking his hard shaft while sucking his cock even while hiding. Lucky for him, the wife soon got a call on her phone and had to leave. He took the girl scout and brought her to a large couch where there was plenty of space for them to go wild. Still hungry for his schlong, young nubile kept swallowing his whole length, making him all wet and slippery and messing up her cute face with all the spit and precum mixing in her mouth. She even tried to deepthroat and kept choking while taking all of it deep down her mouth. After that, he lied on the couch and she mounted him, ready to have her tiny pussy licked while riding his face. She was getting really into it and her moans started to be louder when his beautiful wife came down the stairs. She started asking the girl scout about the cookies. Fortunately, the wife was unaware of her husband slobbering on her tiny cunt right behind the backrest of the couch. The wife went out again and they were free once more.   They proceeded to his bedroom where he finally shoved his thick meat in her pussy, that beautiful clean-shaven little cunt! He started thrust into her petite body, her hips thrusting against him to take him in deeper. Oh my god, such a sight, seeing his big thick cock disappearing into her little pussy. Her pussy lips were stretched around the shaft of his cock like a spread flower. The warm cunt lips clung to his shaft and moved in and out with every stroke. She loved the way he completely stretched her insides and every now and then rewarded him with a deepthroat, trying to fit more and more of his cock in while chocking. From there on out, they went wild. I’d empty my bank account to eat that cute little ass and her sweet young pussy, just the way she gets on all fours, doggy style, back arched, and looks back at you – it’s soo fucking good. The tiny girl mounted him like a kinky cowgirl, spinning around on his cock and feeling it from every angle. Then taking him missionary or doggy style, cumming multiple times from being pounded. Finally, he reached his limits and shot her petite body full of white cum.