This woman just wants to get her son more playing time, but his school coach is an absolute fucking asshole. The MILF attempts to seduce him as he comes to pick her son up for practice. Her plan is simple, she is going to surprise him by greeting him with nothing more than a kitchen apron on. Once the beautiful woman takes it off in front of him, he begs her to eat up her tight little pussy, and once he starts, she can’t seem to stop moaning. You can bet that huge mustache of his tickled her quite a bit. He doesn’t ignore her butt hole, either, so he licks it for a while, too. From there, things escalate quickly. Once he pulls his dick out in front of her, the sexy naked woman can not help herself, so she starts licking it and moaning loudly. Not only does she suck on that dick, but she also strokes it as hard as she possibly can. After a while, she puts those balls inside of her mouth and sucks on them while stroking the shaft of that big fat dong. She grips it harder and strokes hard as time goes by, and that head of hers also bobs faster back and forth. However, this dude really likes her titties, so he starts fucking that chest of hers. She enjoys this king of thing quite a bit. She sticks her tongue out so that her man could have two tits and one tongue on that dick at all times. She takes that thing and puts it inside her mouth and sucks on it as hard as she can. At this point she’s way too horny to control herself, so she has that dick plow her from the back as she moans with every single stroke that she takes. He isn’t goint to slow down, he just keeps on going hard and deep into her cunt. He holds onto her leg and chokes he while drilling her, and she loves that kind of thing big time. He pushes in deeper and deeper, and she moans louder and louder. This babe has the most beautiful body in the world, I loved watching her big bubble ass impaled on his cock. Her son is garbage at sports but his mom moans like a slut, sucks like a slut, and fucks like a slut. She gets fucked by the coach all over her kitchen in several different positions before receiving a giant load all over her beautiful face. 