You know, it’s pretty god damn weird to chill at a beach party without getting your bathing suit on, but that’s apparently what this girl right here is all about. I mean, she does look pretty good in a wet t-shirt without a bra on…, and this stud just so happened to notice those gorgeous titties. He gets her into a room where they’re all alone, and soon enough, he helps her take off her t-shirt, and worships her tits like they should be! The lucky bastard starts sucking on them and squeezing her boobs like there’s no tomorrow. He is swirling his tongue around her nipple, biting gently, sucking until she is again squirming. The sexy naked babe lays down and asks him to fuck her tits with his cock. She puts his cock between her boobs and starts to masturbate him using her boobs, then she endures the strokes that her chest receives. This must feel so amazing for this dude, seeing as those boobs are all natural, so they’re most certainly very soft. Then, he gets his girl to lay back, and he eats up on her pussy for a while. He then pins her down gently and starts fucking her tight little pussy in the missionary position. She seems to enjoy this quite a bit, and she even starts rubbing up on her clit while he fucks her. He squeezes her tits once more because he can not resist them! She moans louder and louder and time goes by, as her man is picking up the pace. His lady grips the bed sheets harder and harder and then decides that it’s time for some reverse cowgirling with her man. The naked girl gets on top and lets him do all the work. His dick picks up the pace, and his balls slap against her pussy while he grips onto her waist as hard as he can. The babe keeps moaning on the bed, groping her own tits as he thrusts in as far as he can go, then pulls almost completely out before plunging back in again. She lays her head back in immense pleasure while he partner rubs on her wonderful pink little clit. She then starts sucking his cock and his balls too. She wants his cock explode in her mouth and she knows it is coming.  