I was strolling around the park and having fun with my camera when I stumbled upon these two young brunettes fooling around. The girls asked me to take a photo of them with their phone and after a short photo session, we started talking. Turns out they were from Colombia and were only visiting here. One of them really liked my camera and wanted to do something fun, subtly pointing at my cock through my pants. Her friend didn’t want any part of it so she went back to the hotel so I was left alone with this horny Colombian chick. We walked off to a secluded place of the park and I enjoyed walking behind her and admiring her petite figure and tight, little butt. The moment we found a hidden spot the slut dropped down on her knees and unzipped my pants, pulling my massive dick out. Not wasting a second she started sucking me off like a cocksucking slut that she is. My precum mixed with her spit making my boner all wet and slippery and her face all messy. She was so horny she didn’t need any foreplay and after such a sloppy blowjob she just stood up, turned around and removed her shorts, slightly bending over and presenting me with her tight butt. I went balls deep in her dripping cunt right off the bat. Her soft moans soon turned into muffled screams as she felt me stretching her insides. I pulled back and slammed hard into her. Aaaaaaaahhhhh! she screamed as she arched up to my thrust. Sure, we were in public, but I couldn’t help slamming balls deep into her cunt. Wanting to fuck her even harder I placed the camera so that it would continue filming and from there on out we went wild. She then turned around and put one leg on my shoulder bringing her pussy to my cock. Yhe slapping sound of my balls against her wet lips growing louder and louder. Yes, she was not shaved, she had a bush and I have to admit that girls with hairy cunts turn me on! I pounded her pulsating pussy in multiple different positions, making her cum many times before I finally reached my edge too and shot a thick load of cum all over her cute face. 