Dashing MILF was at the pool all nude, with her massive, round tits on display when her husband’s student stumbled upon her. Her professor husband was away at a conference, and he had asked his graduate student and teaching assistant to check in on her while he was away. Being a sexy seductress that she is, she invited him inside hungry for a good pounding and put a thin, playful dress on. It didn’t take long for her to work her magic and before he knew it, he was sitting on the couch with his pants down and the MILF was swallowing his thick shaft. The skimpy dress was barely keeping her huge breasts in check as she was sucking him off like a pro, simultaneously jerking him off and swallowing his whole length, making his cock all wet and slippery. Wanting to receive something in return, the hot naked woman sat on the edge of the couch, spreading her legs wide and presenting him with her dripping cunt. He gave her sloppy oral fucking for a short time because she couldn’t resist anymore and had to have him fuck her. MILF straddled him like a naughty cowgirl and started going balls deep on his fat dick, riding his huge fuck-post for all she worth, raising herself up until only his cockhead was held between her sopping, swollen cunt lips, then slamming herself down hard, burying his cock to the hilt in her vagina. To the horney MILF who had been without sexual pleasure for days it was like a dream come true. “Oh my God, Yes! Yes! Yes!” She cried out. He needed to barely move as she did her best to impale herself deeper with every bounce, trying to feel every inch of him stretch her insides. After that, things only escalated. Naked woman turned around to be pounded in reverse cowgirl and enjoy her tits bouncing jiggle while she went up and down. Then she lied down and spread her legs as wide as possible, letting him drill her all the way before standing back up and bending over, to enjoy doggy style pounding. He hammered her long and hard that way, making her cum many times before switching and trying more positions. Eventually, he reached his peak and sprayed her body full of cum. This scene is great, she is a mature goddess and shows it in all the right ways. Great production Brazzers! 