Parents can be a fucking pain in the ass, am I right? This hot blonde teen had been dying to go to a music festival with her friends, but her mom did not seem to think it was a good idea. Instead of throwing a temper tantrum a little slut thought of a better idea instead – getting her stepdad on her side by seducing him! And it wasn’t a tough quest either. She just had to wait for breakfast time tomorrow, when daddy’s going to set the table, and during that sweet and peaceful morning mealtime, she was going to make her move. She dropped a particular utensil on the floor, and when she got down to pick it up, she took her dad’s cock out of his pants! That was her showing him that she was serious about it. At first, daddy was shocked and even offended that his precious daughter was capable of such behavior. But then it escalated into full-on worry, like, what if they get caught? And after that, an even better thought came to his brain. This wasn’t his daughter at all. This was his step-daughter, and she was so horny at that moment. So, he decided ‘fuck it, I’m just going to do this.’ And after that, everything was terrific. The little slut kept making him hornier and hornier, caressing his cock and balls, massaging him with her feet and toes under the table right next to her mom! Her little clit tingled with excitement. She is a sneaky girl when it comes to fucking, and she managed to pull the clandestine coitus off with finesse. He let her suck his cock, pretty much deepthroating it, and then he just face-fucked her. He was watching her gorgeous and slutty eyes twitching while he’s shoveling his dick up her throat. First, she got her little pussy fucked next to the stairs, and after that, they switched to the couch. He covered her mouth with his hand to stifle her gasping moans. He grabbed his step daughter’s little waist, putting her on his hard cock, making her bounce up and down in the legendary cowgirl pose, letting her ride his dick to oblivion.   Her hips moved frenzy, pushing shoving and grinding. Suddenly her back arched and her ass lifted she slammed her young hot cunt hard down onto his cock. He responded, gripping her ass and pulling the cheeks far apart, pulling her down onto his cock while arching beneath her. They also had a funny scare moment as well, when the mom showed up. Luckily, she was behind the couch, so she couldn’t see her daughter down, hiding, with her stepdad’s cock in her mouth! After she left, two of them fucked even more intensely, until they both came like they never did. The sight of young teenage girl squirming and writhing in orgasm before him, the feeling of her tight young pussy squeezing his cock was way too much for him. He couldn’t hold back any longer and covered her cute face with a thick layer of sperm. So, if you’re a young girl and you need to get permission to do something, trust me, side with your daddy and you’ll be happy. If you give him the right treatment, he’ll do anything.