Exotic, young, black-haired chick was strolling around the house when she bumped into her stepdad trying to fix the sink. He was stuck underneath and needed some help so, being the good stepdaughter that she is, she immediately offered assistance. While trying to get him unstuck, she pulled hard on his pants, accidentally removing them. The same thing happened when she tried to pull on his underwear and before he knew what was happening, his stepdaughter was staring at his massive boner. Startled at first, she quickly collected herself and figured all of that was making her extremely horny. She simply removed her top, revealing a pair of perfect, round, perky tits and started slobbering all over his shaft. She was sucking him off like all those hot teens in porn movies he’s used to watching, jerking his boner with one hand, playing with his scrotum with the other hand, while trying to swallow as much as she could, choking while deepthroating. He was still stuck under the sink but wasn’t complaining as her mouth made his cock all slippery and ready for her tight cunt. Already wet and losing her mind with horniness, his step daughter stripped naked and placed the tip of his cock at the entrance to her petite pussy. Right off the bat, she went balls deep in a cowgirl position, sliding all the way down and impaling herself hard. Eventually, he released himself and decided to return the favor. He first gave her a sloppy pussy licking before making her sit down and spread her legs to enjoy a good pounding. Her soft moans turned into screams as she was losing breath from all the pleasure and hardcore hammering. She felt him pull out, then shove back in hard, filling her a load of cum when he buried it deep inside her vagina. Cum was now leaking out of her cunt and running down her legs. Her pussy was now dripping and they wouldn’t stop even after he pumped her full of semen, giving her a thick creampie. She gently rubbed herself for a short while before they continued with vigorous fucking. 