This babe looks amazing in her sexy yoga outfit, stretching on the floor. Her big tits, her big bubble ass, everything looks incredible as she stretches from multiple angles. When she was in the middle of her regular yoga session, her roommate just barged into the room, talking on the phone, and generally being annoying. Sometimes men can be stupid animals, so girls have to calm them down. We can be annoying, we can bore the fuck out of you, we can irritate you, and sometimes we just don’t get things. Of course, that’s when we need a woman to straighten us out. Some women suck at it, and some women are just fantastic. Well, this was one of those instances when a girl simply did a phenomenal job at getting a guy to chill the fuck out. Instead of losing her shit, she found the perfect solution for this problem – just offer him her ass! She let him rip her yoga pants apart, and just dive into her delicious pussy and asshole from behind. Now, combine that with the fact that this girl knows yoga, and you know what type of wild shit can you get! This sexy girl knows how to twist her body in literally unnatural ways, so imagine all the poses that she got in, while he licked her pussy clean. The famous bridge pose, with the guy’s mouth being in the middle of her legs, just licking that pussy. And after that, the amazing deepthroat, and the incredible sex. We get the pleasure of his her big tits bounce and sexy face moan hard as they fucked hard from various positions. Cowgirl, doggy style, and various other more complicated poses only guaranteed to make them both cum like baby gorillas. The sight of her gorgeous all natural tits bouncing back and forth with each thrust is making it hard to hold on. You can see her juices start to squirt out with each thrust into her cunt. You see small squirts of fluid shoot from her hole as she is being fucked in a missionary position. What a nice long squirting orgasm! She ends the daily workout with a big load spread all over her face! That’s why sometimes you need to try out some extreme measures with people because you never know, they can be beneficial to both of you, and you can wind up having fantastic sex like these two. 