As the weekend finally came, beautiful black babe takes her time to jump in the pool and cool off during the hot summer day. She feels horny today, but luckily, her girlfriend is here. Two naked girls relax poolside, oiling up their luscious skin, splashing each other playfully. These two girls are eager to lick every inch of the other’s body, slide fingers into warm wet pussies. As they start having fun, they are surprised as another girl arrives. Fortunately, they managed to hide what they were doing, and once she leaves, they can continue their session. As brunette spreads her legs wide and shows her massive tits, her ebony lesbian lover is up her snatch. Their fun stops once again as their friend is back and goes into the pool. Still, the girls are so horny that they decided to go on. Both of them are naked, and what they figure out is that this whole situation only makes them more excited. There is the constant chance that they will be caught, but that only drives them wild! The lesbians are on the couch, enjoying sixty-nine and cumming numerous time in the process, then rubbing their pussies like crazy. Their friend is still in the pool, having no idea of what they are doing in the meantime. Girls are having fun like they never did before, performing proper cunnilingus: sucking on each other’s clit, licking their slits and assholes. Both of these girls are gorgeous, love watching these big titties! They begin to grind their pussies and clits against each other. Each thrust causes them gasp and groan. Their pussies are so sticky and wet, they keep rubbing pussies against each other, they can feel their pussy lips sliding past each others, their sensetive swollen clits caressing each other, they can feel the suction when they both thrust in the same direction, all hot pussy juices squelching between their legs. The girls have one more orgasm together, but they have no idea they are caught in the process. Their friend likes what she sees and makes a video, before leaving the scene telling them that she’ll watch it in privacy and masturbate. Now finally feeling free, naked girls are back in the pool while continuing their wild session, making splashes in the water as their giant tits are bouncing. It all finishes up with another synchronized orgasm that leaves them breathless as they kiss and snuggle, fighting for their breath. 