It’s not this young lady’s fault that she is so damn sexy. Her stepdad has a hard time controlling himself, so whenever she is doing her yoga stretches, the old pervert gets a raging hard on! I like her innocent looks that hides her naughty personality. His wife caught him perving on her daughter, and she was pissed. But as soon as she left them alone, the little slut got down to some serious seduction. She took her cute, tight, sporty shorts and cut a little hole right where her little pussy was. Not wearing any underwear, she went in front of her stepdad, laid down the mat and started stretching, making sure he had a perfect view of her cunt any time she’d bend over. Still not knowing it was all a plot, he was doing his best not to make her notice him staring at her naked pussy. At one point, she was already anxious to have some fun so she decided to push the situation in the right direction, asking him to help her out. He understood what was happening and only mentioned this was supposed to stay between them before pulling his rock hard cock out. Teen girl complied and since her pussy was already dripping wet he just inserted himself balls deep, without any foreplay. Her sensual moans soon turned into soft screams of pleasure as he kept pounding her and going deeper with every stroke. Soon the hot blonde was begging for more and her cute outfit and sexy body made him hammer her even harder. Willing to taste him, at one point she removed her top and dropped down on her knees, slobbering all over his shaft, feeling his precum and her pussy juices all over it. After a sloppy blowjob session, the young naked girl was back on his cock, this time in reverse cowgirl, impaling herself all the way down. She drove herself hard down onto his hard cock as he thrust up into her. Her perky tits bounced around as they kept changing positions multiple times with her cumming over and over again until he couldn’t hold it any longer and came inside her. But after he fill up her pussy with his hot jizz, her mom came barreling through the door with a license to kill. Better run, old man! 