I was driving around, and I saw this girl holding onto her head. I pull over, and start talking to this girl right here. I ask what’s wrong…and she gives me a horrific response. She said that she just caught her boyfriend cheating on her. That’s something that I just can’t understand. As she was telling me what happened I couldn’t help looking at her thicc thighs and big ass titties. So, she was seeking out an opportunity to get some revenge on the unfaithful partner, and so she asks if she can suck on this thick dick of mine! I just had to accept it! I was single, horny as fuck, and I felt like showing off this huge dick of mine. Is there a better way to brag rather than shoving this meaty stick into a woman’s face? So, I let the sexy babe pull out, and she began sucking on it nicely. Then, she pulled her top off and flashed those titties for me. Her breasts were large, her nipples erect. I reached up to take them in my hands, massaging them. She grabbed my hard cock and began slapping her tits with it. Thta crazy babe wanted to teach her cheating boyfriend a lesson and she used my dick to do it! Damn, that was hot. She turned around, pulled her panties down, revealing her gorgeous tight ass right in front of me, then put that big booty up on my dick and started riding me nicely!!! Those huge cheeks bonce for me, and just as soon as I wanted to grab onto one of these, she grabs my hand and holds onto it firmly! Was it possible that she caught feelings for me right there and then or something like that? Casual sex usually isn’t like this! However, she soon lets go, and I start slapping this big booty of hers. The hot naked girl starts riding harder and harder, and those huge cheeks just keep bouncing and bouncing. Again and again I place my erect cock between her beautiful smooth round ass cheeks and push into her tight pussy. Then, the hot naked babe lays down on her back, and I start playing around with those gorgeous titties, but she can’t wait me to thrust my cock deep inside of her lovely little hole.   Beautiful naked babe stares at me directly in the eye and rubs that clit of hers. I move faster and faster, and she just loves the way I handle things. I doubt that her boyfriend was half the man I am! I am so much more assertive than him. I can feel it. I am truly putting her in her place. Now, I catch the girl playing around with her own tits while I fuck her, too. I gently press my palm against the shaved piece of skin right above her pussy and use my thumb to gently tease the clit as I fuck her. Of course, I make these movements more and more intense as time goes by, and she loves the way I’m teasing her. After she has had enough, she gets on top of me and starts riding my dick in the cowgirl position, but now, it’s time for me to move my hips while she is on top. With each thrust of my cock, my swollen balls bounce against her perfect ass. “Fuck me. Don’t . . . . . stop. Oh, Oh, Oh, I’m coming!” she couldn’t help crying out when a huge orgasm starts to overwhelm her body. The naked babe turns over and grinds her ass onto my cock, pushes her booty hard back onto me, prolonging her massive, shuddering orgasm. I drive all my weight through my cock into her cunt. She can’t wait me to cum all over her face and send pictures to her EX.