Three young, athletic chicks were out in the park, training with their coach for an upcoming race. While observing the girls, their coach couldn’t help but notice their shirts getting all sweaty and wet, sticking to their fit bodies, revealing hard nipples poking through the fabric. Seeing how they were all tired and dirty from all the running, he offered for all of them to go to his house and have a shower because he lived just around the corner. The girls agreed and in no time he had an innocent-looking, slim blonde, and two brunettes, one tall and skinny, the other exotic and curvy, following him back. But when these three sluts headed to his place to take a shower, they wanted to pass around more than just a baton. They managed to trick the poor guy, pantsing him to expose his fat cock! Girls took their coach to the bathroom and, under the pretense of giving him advice, tricked him pulling his pants down and revealing his big cock. He tried to hide it to no avail and just moments later he had three stunning, young girls slobbering all over his shaft. The exotic brunette with curly hair was the first one to put it in her mouth, making it all wet and slippery, warming him up for her friends. A few moments later, all three girls were on their knees in front of him, one would suck on his head while the other two would suck his balls. Imagine having three young naked girls licking and sucking your penis together with hungry enthusiasm! After a short break, the girls stripped naked and went in the tub, shaking their tight asses and twerking in the water, he joined them and they were back at sucking his cock. This time curly babe was hard at work, making sure to deepthroat as much as possible, stroking his shaft and trying to give him the best blowjob of his life, while a sensual blonde was sitting nearby, massaging his balls with her small hands, enhancing the pleasure. The third naked girl was behind the camera, filming them and enjoying the view. After making sure his cock was all slippery, the exotic brunette was the first to mount him. Right off the bat, she went balls deep impaling her self on his throbbing boner in reverse cowgirl.   The other brunette enjoyed the view and blonde occasionally joined to lick her pussy and his balls while they fucked. The naked blonde also mounted him and rode him relentlessly. The hot young teen kept slamming herself down onto his hard cock, moaning and arching her perfect body. Her friends watched as she bounced on his cock, before all of them ended up in the bedroom. Once there, they all went hard at each other. Two naked girls would lie on the bed, kissing and enjoying each other while the third would film him fuck them both. Three naked girls bend over and let their coach stuff their sweet tight cunts full of hard man meat. Then, they take turns bouncing on his prick. The girls kept switching and taking turns before placing the camera down and finally having an amazing foursome. Girls were losing their minds with pleasure, kissing and licking each other, fingering their pussies, cumming on his cock until he also reached his edge and shot his cum all over their faces. They opened their mouths expectantly. “Oh fuck! Oooooh fuckkk!” cried their coach as his hot throbbing cock exploded, showering their cute faces with his cum. Spurt after spurt shot from his dick, splattering across the girls faces.