My gorgeous girlfriend wanted to have a jacuzzi adventure with me. She is this stunning, young brunette with a petite body, tiny tits, and a pussy to die for. While we were still in the jacuzzi outside she started teasing me with her skimpy, pink bikini, slowly undressing and letting me touch her occasionally. After stripping completely nude and giving me an erotic handjob we both realized we had couldn’t stop at that and headed back inside to continue playing with each other. I lied on my back and she started grinding her wet pussy off of my throbbing boner. I could see her swollen pussy lips wrapped around my shaft, the most beautiful sight in the world. Her soft moans were turning me on and she enjoyed the feel of my veiny cock caressing her cunt so the situation quickly turned all wet and messy. Soon enough, she was kneeling between my legs and slobbering all over my shaft, enjoying the taste of my precum and her pussy juices all over it. Wanting to return the favor, I flipped her into a steamy sixty-nine where I began licking her pussy and pushing my tongue inside her. The smoothness of her shaved slit made her clit clearly visible, more beautiful than the most beautiful flower. We like to 69, my lips and tongue lapping at her wonderful pussy, teasing her g-spot, caressing her clit whilst she sucks on the head of my cock. We kept pleasuring each other orally until we were both burning with desire. We couldn’t resist only teasing each other anymore so my sexy naked girlfriend soon straddled me like a naughty cowgirl and impaled herself all the way on my fat schlong. As time went on her moans became louder and sexier as we kept picking up the pace. I enjoyed watching her perky tits go up and down as she bounced on my cock. Then, she turned around into a reverse cowgirl, giving me a great view of her tight butt, impaling herself deeper with every stroke. Wanting to feel me drill her from every angle possible, we switched positions multiple times and she came every time before I also reached my edge and shot a massive load of cum all over her cute, fuckable face. 