Do you really think that the Amish don’t like having sex? This curious Amish girl decides to spy on amazing couple. Petite girl and her boyfriend know it’s against the community to explore sexually, but they just can’t keep their hands off each other! Now, what you get to see in the shot is a naughty white gal who ends up getting her pussy fingered after being teased through the panties very gently by her boyfriend. She knoes it’s improper for a girl to let a boy touch her there but all those thoughts make her nipples hard and her pussy twitch. The other girl keeps spying on them. The horny blonde spreads her legs while sitting on the table, and the boy starts eating her out rather quickly. It is the first time anyone has touched her there, and the feeling is indescribable. Horny Amish girl can’t help herself, she just wnats to taste his big, stiff cock, she wants to feel it in her mouth. She gets on her knees right in front of him, and whips his hard cock out and starts sucking on it nicely. Once her lips are wrapped around it, the man starts gently thrusting back and forth, making sure that he doesn’t go way too fast. The girl then places her fingers on the shaft and squeezes it firmly with it. After making that dick hard enough after a bunch of stroking, she turns her back on her man, spreads her legs a little bit and allows him to put it deep inside of her virgin pussy. He starts off rather slowly as he plows this fertile cunt with no condom on. This kind of skin-to-skin contact leaves this girl defenseless against the thick, vascular member of her lover. He pushes in deeper and deeper as time goes by, and once he leans in, he gets his lover to lay on her back. At this point, he starts drilling her pussy harder than ever. It is amazing how this man manages to hold back! His hips slap against this woman’s cheeks as his cock fills her teen cunt up completely. The gal can hardly stop herself from moaning loudly, and then she decides to get on top of her man. Once she does, she starts riding that cock while her man rubs up on her pink clit and makes the pleasure even more intense for his girl. This Amish boy jerked so many time fantasizing about cumming in a mouth, like he saw in a porn movie once. Sneaky girl can hardly believe what she’s seeing! Little blonde slut opens her mouth and lets him cum right on her tongue, then swallows it! 