After a hard training, young teen with pigtails gets back home and needs to relax. She goes naked and straight under the shower, but the hot water gets her so horny that she needs to cum now. Thankfully, she has a vibrator near her and is using it to satisfy her pussy. She is single at the moment, so this is the best that she can do, even though she would prefer a real dick. We get an amazing close up view of her cumming pussy, you can see juices from her pussy flowing freely from between her lips. Her young cunt is dripping with milky-white fluid, and yet she is begging for more. This video is all about female ejaculation, don’t miss it if you like to watch a creampie leaking out of a cunt, watch a girl getting her pussy filled with cum many times. As her unshaven snatch vibrates and produces a lot of juice, her stepdad arrives on the scene and can’t believe what he sees. With her legs open wide, his sweet stepdaughter looks like a cock hungry slut. As she notices him, she is shocked, but it doesn’t take long before she gets the idea they will both like. As she noticed that her stepdad has a boner, she quickly grabs his dick and starts sucking it with a passion he never saw before. She was never this horny in her life, as she knows she is doing something that is considered wrong and forbidden. Once her stepdad’s dick is hard as a rock, it’s time to take the next step. While still in the bathroom, he lifts her cute stepdaughter and inserts his hard cock into her dripping pussy and drills her meat hole missionary style. “fuck me, use me, I want you to cum in me, I want you to fill me!” naked girl moans with pleasure. The excitement is too intense, as he creampies her pussy. “Ooooooh god it’s so good so good” His cock pumping into her as her pussy contracts and clamps him tightly inside her, milking it. Still, that is only the beginning, as his shaft is always hard and ready for more. He grabs his still hard cock and uses the tip to push his cum back into her quivering pussy. He continues fucking her alternating between long powerful strokes and short rapid thrusts balls deep into her teen cunt. He completely dislodges his cock from her pussy for a second and immediately plungs the full length of his hot hard cock back in. She screams as she cums, her vagina muscles tightening around his dick causing him to squirt glob after glob of burning hot cum inside of her. The girl yells with delight, feeling his ball explode and empty out into her vagina. He grips her tightly as wave after wave of cum floods into her. He pulls his cock out of her cunt and look at thick glob after thick glob of sticky, white cum leaking out of his step daughter. Her cunt finally stops pulsing with cum. Next thing they try is the cowgirl position.   As hot teen rides him, stepdad is playing with her round ass and even touches her butthole, like thinking about exploring it in the future. The combination of her juices and his cum makes everything messy, but that makes this even more enjoyable. They both surprised themselves, as usual, after so much cumming they would be done. But that’s not the case here. Stepdaddy continues to pound this teen’s snatch as they’ve only started, and her moaning is telling that she loves it. She wants more creamy, hot sperm deep inside herself. The pleasure is unbearable and he began to cum like he is having a seizure, thrusting deep inside her feeling the tightness of her exquisite hot hole tight around him in sympathetic throbs. He cums in her and she cums  at the same time, milky white fluid squirting out of her filled pussy. She never had a lover with such experience, as he knows all the right moves. The action continues until the moment he empties his balls, as both of them are sweaty, but happy that they did this. As they are alone for the weekend, they know this was just the first of their sessions. 