Gorgeous, inked babe, Katrina Jade, was at the glamorous private dinner party wearing her sexiest and skimpiest dress, barely covering her perky tits and completely revealing her sexy thong. She had the pleasure of serving two men in suits and, being the slutty whore that she is, she didn’t stop at bringing them food. In no time she was on her knees at the table, sucking one man’s cock while giving the other the perfect view at her amazing ass. Having played with both of them for a bit, they ended up in the bedroom. Once there, the boys quickly tore her thin clothes baring her perfect breast while she was swallowing their massive bones simultaneously. She loved being toyed with and dominated and enjoyed when they’d grab her head and fuck her pretty mouth, forcing her to deepthroat and choke on their huge sizes. After sucking two cocks off properly, they were all ready for rough double fucking. The slut knelt and took one thick dick back in her mouth while the other guy took her from behind. Not caring about her pulsating pussy, he immediately shoved his hard cock deep in her tight ass. She started screaming in pleasure with a boner deep in her mouth, feeling the other one stretch her asshole. After spit roasting her, they switched so that the other guy can feel her ass with his cock before they decided to double penetrated her. One man lied underneath her, shoving his dick back in her ass and spreading her legs for the other guy to drill her cunt. She takes two dicks in her holes like a champ! Moreover, this crazy whore takes two cocks in her cunt! WOW! Double Vag, Double insemination! Being sandwiched between two guys, being fucked with two cocks, feeling like a whore it’s the biggest sexual pleasure she has ever had. Love to see tits flopping while the girl is getting worked over. From there on out, they kept picking up the pace and destroying both of her holes, making her cum multiple times shaking in hard orgasms before they both reached their limits and shot massive loads in her both holes at the same time. Anal creampie AND a pussy creampie?!? Brazzers got it right this time! Keep it up! 