The thing about leaving your sex toys around is that you need to keep them hidden so that people don’t accidentally stumble upon them. This roommate was very careless and left her vibrator in her drawer only for her female friend to find it while she was looking for some chapstick. The redhead babe needs to be more careful where she leaves her vibrator, but the blonde is going to use this situation to her advantage. She immediately pulls up her skirt and takes off her shirt halfway so that she can have some fun while her roommate is in the other room. She starts using the vibrator on her clit and playing with her tits. The redhead babe is a bit curious as to where the blonde roommate is since she still hasn’t returned, and she goes to investigate. She catches her roommate red-handed and she is really embarrassed by the entire situation. The redhead cuts her a deal. She can use the vibrator, but she has to agree to have some lesbian action with her every now and again. The blonde babe doesn’t really swing that way, but she thought she might as well try it out with a chick since it sounds pretty hot. The hot redhead lesbian goes down on the blonde and starts licking her pussy. She is squirming all over the bed relishing in the pleasure of having another woman eat her pussy. Her boyfriend has never ate her out like her roommate does. It’s not long after that when the blonde babe returns the favor by licking the redhead’s pussy and then two young naked girls have a nice and juicy 69. Both girls are so horny for each other. They continue to lap at each other cunt juices and are flicking on their clits, gasping and moaning loudly. Blonde grinds her pussy on her roommate’s face. Gushing as she cums, her pussy leaks juices onto her face as she slurps and licks her. The naked girls have so much fun that they just can’t stop until they have both cum at least several times. They had no idea that lesbian sex can feel that good and so they kept on licking each other’s pussy, as well as each other’s clit, and they agreed that they’d be much more intimate in the future. 