My stepsis is a cute blonde with beautiful blue eyes, so you can imagine that everyone is trying to get in her pants. Guys and girls love staring at her, which makes sense because she has seemed to develop a liking for both. But when I caught my little stepsister texting my girlfriend behind my back, it was something I could not really forgive, I had to make her pay for it. She was trying to snatch my girlfriend right from under me! I was threatening to tell our parents when that little slut came to me and got down on the floor! She decided to suck on some dick for a while in order to redeem herself, and I think this was a terrific idea. She drops down to her knees, almost automatically right in front of me and starts sucking me off nicely. I even decided to lay down, and she followed me, gripped onto my dick, and my sister sucked on me like a lollipop while making all sorts of perverted noises, and I liked this quite a bit, to be quite honest. She finished milking my throbbing boner with her mouth!!! Later, I caught her comming home after having some fun with her friends at the club. My girlfriend had said she left me and there was my slutty sister, falling down in front of me. She obviously got addicted to my cock, and she wanted more. She could still taste the shape of it in her mouth, and she wanted to ride it with her tight little pussy, and I am somewhat glad I actually let her do it. As crazy as it sounds, now I had my stepsisters cute little ass right up in my face, and she was riding me real good while moaning whenever my rod pushes deep into that fertile hole of hers. She has a petite body, with absolutely amazing big fat pussy and tiny titties. My naked sister switches the positions up a little bit and decides to go reverse cowgirl on that dick. This kind of view was great, too. I mean, she loved doing it like this, and I loved looking at these tiny little titties going up and down as she goes up and down on me.   Now, when we got to the bedroom, I pull my sister’s shorts down and starts caressing her fat pussy with my cock. Soon enough, the girl gets way too horny to handle and decides to ride me once more with her ass in my face, but the only difference now was that my legs were a bit spread. She was looking back at me while he booty was popping up and down. The sight was amazing, and there was no way to properly describe the way my cock felt as her tight little pussy was gripping up on it. She moaned softly and I felt her pussy clench around my hard cock. Tiny naked girl turns around, and I get to see those titties bouncing up and down while that pussy grips my cock. This was indeed a great view, seeing as I really, really enjoyed the fact that she was really close to me. I mean, there truly was no way to describe this kind of sensation, but I tried my best to enjoy it as much as I could. She loved getting her pussy plowed in missionary, too. I held her down, and she moaned as my cock went in and out of her tight wet hole.