There’s no telling what your local librarian is up to behind your back. Sure, she might just be a cute worker who manages books, but some of them can be complete sluts like the one in this porno. She wants some cock and the moment she sees a dude in her library, she just knows that he’s hiding a monster underneath. Slut goes up to him and drops a book. He turns over and watches her bend over to pick it up and just loves the sight of her ass through her sheer pantyhose. A cock-hungry librarian finds him amenable to her assertive approach, which culminates in rough and wild anal sex all around the library. She gives him the book, and what’s in the book he just can’t decipher. It says that he should meet her in one of the aisles between the book shelves. All of his questions about that note are answered when he turns around and sees her lifting up her skirt to show that she’s not wearing any panties underneath. Anyway, he manages to find her and she’s already ready and waiting for him with her tits out. She has really nice and perky tits and he immediately goes to town on them. Eventually, she stops him and goes down on his dick instead. She has been hungry all day and finally, she gets to feast on his big bulging cock. He’s actually far more interested in her than his girlfriend, who he’s supposedly there to study with. The horny librarian gets fucked like the slut that she is when the dude figures out how he can fuck her in so many different positions all around the library completely forgetting about his girlfriend. It’s one of his dreams come true, and he’s doing it with one of the hottest babes that he has ever seen in his entire life. She is one of the best squirters around! She is in fuckslut heaven, his cock is destroying her both holes and she is having amazing squirting orgasms one after another. Unique anal and oral performances, many squirting orgasms. There are not many actresses who give themselves carefully for the work as Adriana. Moreover, the charisma she has gained from her audience is unmatched. Adriana revolutionized the adult industry, performing on fetish screens hitherto unexplored by cameras. Finally, thanks for making our sex life more enjoyable. 