When I buy contraptions to boost my sex life, I always make sure to take things to the next level. That’s why I got this cool looking fuck swing that I wanted to use to draw chicks in like a magnet. Luckily for me, a blonde chick is looking to fuck so she came over to my place and started having fun at the pool deck. It wasn’t long before the started stripping down and she just loved dancing around in her skimpy clothes. Eventually, she took off her skimpy shirt and even her panties when I took her into the house. Young teen girl was shocked and surprised when she saw the fuck swing and she knew that she was in for a good time with me. Her cute hair is only one of the parts that I like about her. Another thing that I like is the fact that she has beautiful blue eyes. Her young pussy was bald. With her shapely legs spread I could see the pinks folds of her womanhood and could feel the warmness of it as I kissed it. I began sucking on her clit, circling it with my tongue, and slid it in her slit. She was so tight, warm, and wet there. Naked girl started grinding her pussy on my face, pumping it up toward my face too. Her pussy juice running down her slit and making a puddle! We both know that we’re going to have sex, but it’s always nice to have some foreplay beforehand so that the mood can become heated up and excited. Both of us got super horny and that’s when I decided to strap her into the thing and start fucking her. First, I used it to fuck her missionary style since I knew that was the thing I wanted to try out first. Not to worry though, I tried out many other positions as well. The fuck swing is so versatile that you can pretty much put the bitch in any position, and it will work. Her bald young pussy was so tight that I couldn’t help cumming in her. A stream of cum leaked out of her and hit the carpet. After I was done fucking her missionary, I decided that it was time that I face fucked her. I love a good blowjob, but I like it, even more, when I’m the one fucking.   With her head falling back and arching herself she took my cock in her small mouth. My cock disappeared down her throat! I fucked her sexy perky little lips so hard that her eyes went in to the back of her head. I had to try out the swing in other ways, so I bent young naked girl over on it and started fucking her little pussy from behind as well. In a few secound I was erupting inside her cunt, filling her with cum. Cum was being forced out of her pink pussy with each thrust. Overflowing her pussy until it flowed out in a stream. The blonde was still up for more so I kept fucking her harder and faster. My cum was leaking out around her lips. “Now I want you to cum in my mouth!” Naked girl got on her knees in front of me and I pumped my load of cum all over her open mouth and face. I kept cumming in her hole until she felt that there was nothing else that she can do except fall into a puddle of sperm, squirmimg and having the best orgasm of her entire damn life. She couldn’t believe that stream after stream of my sticky cum was flowing from her pussy without stopping.