Abella hasn’t really been herself lately; she’s really pissed off with her dark-haired girlfriend Adriana because she suspects her of cheating on her. In an attempt to get back on her good graces, and back between her sexy legs, Adriana puts on her sexiest black lace lingerie and stockings and seduces her in the bedroom. She is still mad, and instead of accepting her girlfriend’s advances, she grabs her phone and tries to see if she can prove she’s been cheated on. Abella decides that what Adriana needs is a bit of hot rough lesbian sex and gives it to her. She rips her lingerie blouse wide open and pulls her against her by her bra, putting her lesbian girlfriend down on all fours and biting her meaty ass cheeks while stripping her fully naked. She squeezes her own tits while Adriana sucks on her nipples and puts her on her back, spreading her legs wide open and invading her dripping wet pussy with her tongue, giving her an oral treatment that makes her squirm and moan uncontrollably. Now she can smell how excited she is. She loves the smell of her girlfriend’s pussy when she is aroused. She loves everything about her pussy. She slides down between her legs and is eating her out, like it’s the last pussy on earth. “FUCK!” she yells in ecstasy as she begins tongue-fucking the shit out of her girlfriend. Abella gets down on all fours and pushes her girlfriend’s face between her butt cheeks, making her rim her tight and delicious asshole. Her fingers tightly entwined into her hair holding her face tight to her ass. It feels so fucking good, feeling her tongue up her sensitive asshole. Once her crazy girlfriend is done eating her ass, she can eat her pussy too. She pushes her face against her ass, feeling her slick tongue slipping into her asshole and pleasuring her. The naughty lesbian girls get into a 69 and lick, finger and suck on their gushing pussies. Adriana lies back and spreads her legs wide open as Abella fingers her tight asshole and fingers fucks her pussy until she cums, squirting all over the bed sheets! “FUUCCCKKKK!!!!!” she moans at the top of her lungs as wave after wave of orgasm gushes out of her cunt. As if her powerful tongue thrusts are not enough, she begins massaging her asshole. Drops of her sweet nectar are sent flying through the air, covering her girlfriend’s body.   Not only can this girl orgasm, but her orgasms must be heavenly. Women who squirt feel a heightened sense of pleasure. Adriana repays the favor by making sexy Abella squirt like a garden hose too, eating her swollen pussy out with her tongue and finger fucking her asshole. It has become obvious that her girlfriend has a passion for rough lesbian sex. She just has gone crazy and begins feasting on her cunt. Her tongue caresses and probes every inch inside her pussy. She alternates back and forth between caressing and nibbling on her clitoris and tongue fucking her ass, making her girlfriend squirt again and again. She is in absolute heaven. She also catches the squirt that flow with so much force. She looks up and sees her girlfriend with several fingers in her mouth and she is biting them trying to keep from crying out. Within a few seconds she explods in another amazing squirting orgasm and she is rewarded with a gush of her girlfriend cum in her mouth. Her whole body is shaking, her cunt is squirting like a geyser high in the air! She is screaming with delight! Naked girls keep gushing and gushing all over each other. Their clits pulsate as wave after wave of orgasmic fluid squirts from their pussies.