People keep saying that college education is a crucial thing for finding a decent job these days. But people don’t know how hard young people have it, in literally every sense possible. That’s why some teenage girls often like to visit different houses to raise some money for real causes like the college choir, for example. This teen babe is visiting numerous homes raising money for her very noble cause. What she didn’t know though, is that the owner of this house was a real asshole. After telling him politely why she came to his house, he refused to donate, so she had to get creative. She was not wasting any time – as soon as she had her foot in the door, she got his cock in her mouth! Within seconds the teen girl was slurping and slobbering all over his cock. She tried her best, sucking sloppily, each gag as his cock hit the back of her throat causing tears to well up in her eyes. “don’t forget to lick his balls clean,” suggested the dude. Sucking and slobbering all over his cock, her drool hanging from her chin, hanging from his balls, the young girl worshiped his cock and he was almost ready to donate! Because she did such a good job, he even decided to grant her pussy with some fun too. He had her skirt up and her white cotton panties down to her ankles, admiring her lovely pussy and her asshole, spreading her ass cheeks with both hands. “Are you gonna make that donation?” Paying no attention to her he slowly put his giant pulsating cock inside of her little pussy and started banging her from behind. He picked a good rhythm and kept at a steady pace, enjoying the feel of his cock inside her. Her cute little ass met every his thrust. He fucked her pussy so good that she almost fell from the bed. Of course, for an experienced dude, that was a telltale sign that he needed to change the pose, and that’s how they ended up with some missionary sex. Luckily, this wasn’t an ordinary boring missionary pose, no. She spread her legs all the way apart and just took it inside of her, moaning and opening her cute little mouth with braces. He was balls deep in her eager pussy, pounding away to make her moan and shout in pleasure! Young naked girl dropped to her knees again and started swallowing his whole cock.   As teen girl was doing that, she was tasting her little pussy in the process. Once again, this was an experienced dude, so a weak ass blowjob didn’t fully satisfy him, he needed some mouth fucking to be next on the menu. Fucking her in the throat was exactly what he needed to get that boost so needed to keep him going, and from then on, it was extreme — using all of his upper strength to hold her and carry her while he fucked her, only moments before he threw her on the floor and started stuffing her like that. He thrusted deep inside her sexy little body, feeling her squirm underneath him. Naked girl rode him, grounding her pubic bone against his, feeling his hot throbbing cock inside her vagina rubbing every part of her insides. His thrust picked up speed, working up to a fast-paced rhythm that pounded the young college girl down into the bed. Her pussy juices were flowing out of her and running down her ass. After a great round of sex like that, his heart suddenly became open, and he was reasonably ready to donate to any college causes in the future.