With a meteor set to strike and destroy earth in a mere 12 hours, these guys gathered together to go out with a bang! With the meteor getting closer and closer, everything gets hotter and hotter, and this girl admits that she is still a virgin, and certainly doesn’t want to die one, so she gives into her sexual urges. She masturbates in the shower, reminiscing the hot lesbian encounter she had with another girl in the house, when she walked into the recreation room and made out with her while the others watched. The sexy naked girl put her over the pool table, munching on her tits and eating her virgin pussy out, and then took her to the bedroom so they could have hot lesbian sex together. The naked girls tribbed, rubbing their dripping wet snatches one against the other, sharing their juices and climaxing in unison. This is not enough, what she wants and needs is to have her cherry popped before the meteor drops! Another hot couple on the house help her out. This tattooed slut shares her man with her, stroking his hard cock while the virgin watches and joins in, sucking it together.  Two sluts suck his cock together, , one sucking the tip and the other the shaft. She can’t wait to feel it inside her! They strip her naked and she feels their hands, lips and tongues all over her body. Her sexual fantasy comes true. This sexy girl loves knowing she will not die a virgin and will get to go out with a bang in her very first threesome fuck! He spreads her legs on the couch and penetrates her, popping her cherry and making her squirm with pleasure. The other naked girl sits on her face and she eats her out while getting fucked so hard by her man. She wants to know what is depraved dirty sex, she wants to try everything before she dies. She gets fucked hard like all those whores in porn movies. She does all thoese dirty things from her sexual fantasies. He makes the naked girls sixty nine, and fucks their pussies and mouth, going from one girl’s cunt to the other’s mouth. There is no longer a need to restrain her wild desires. The girls ride and suck his cock till he cums over both their faces. A porn thriller is something new and unique, so don’t miss the opportunity to download all episodes! 