A bratty and spoiled young girl is on probation, and as part of a new government initiative, she’s been court-ordered to move in with a “model” family. She ended up in a conservative family as a part of her rehabilitation process. Her naughty personality was too much for them and they were looking for a way to help her, sort of. Seeing how uptight and innocent they are, she knew she had the upper hand over them and had no problem messing around. The guy was an aspiring preacher son and self-described “Virgin Warrior” The moment she was left alone with him she decided to tease him. As naughty as she was, she had the most beautiful and perfect body, with a petite figure, perky tits, a tight ass and an adorable face. They were near the pool and she was already in her skimpy bikini so, she quickly removed her bra flashing her breasts and cute nipples at him, forcing him to run away ashamed. Later on, she found “Virgin Warrior” in his room already naked, about to masturbate for the very first time in his life. Surprised by his massive cock, the naughty teen girl entered the room asking to join. The little slut grabbed his penis before he had time to say no and just a moment later she had his throbbing boner deep down her mouth, enjoying the taste of a virgin dick. She kept talking dirty while slobbering all over his shaft, teasing him even more, making him rock hard and ready for her pussy. He had never seen a naked girl, and no girl had certainly seen him naked. After making sure his rod was all wet and slippery and ready to go deep inside her, young naked girl straddled him in reverse cowgirl. Just as she started impaling herself balls deep and trying to take his whole size, he took the initiative and started drilling her vigorously. Surprised, the girl started screaming in pleasure and responded by forcing her cute ass down even harder, trying to feel every inch of his fat meat. She loved how he squeezed her nipples and stretched and rubbed her tight asshole while stuffing her dripping cunt all the way, and started losing her mind with pleasure.   Still amazed by how good he is at fucking her, naked girl turned around into a reverse cowgirl to ride him even more. He continued pounding her tight cunt, going harder at her with every stroke, relentlessly drilling her and rubbing her clit, not stopping even after she came and her legs started trembling. Wanting to make a small break, he lied down and let her do the work. Sexy teen girl continued riding, forcing herself down all the way and trying to feel him penetrating her from every angle. He was soon rested and ready to continue hammering her harder than before. He made her lie on her back and put her legs all the way behind her head, allowing him to completely destroy her tiny, pink pussy. From there on out, he wasn’t stopping and kept pounding her harder and rougher in more demanding positions. He took her from behind, holding her while she was on her stomach, unable to move, then turned her to her side and fucked her until he was at his limits where she begged him to shoot his load all over her face. He stroked his cock, and with a final grunt shot splurt of cum on her pretty face. His sperm splattered her face, hitting her eyebrow, under her nose and dripping into her mouth. Teen slut laughed and began to lick it up. Download and watch all four episodes of this series. There will be a lot of lesbian sex with mom, a threesome with dad’s children from previous marriages and mom’s pompous head-cheerleader daughter.