I have to confess – I was never into weddings. Too many formalities, fake smiles, and usually both the bride and her future husband are nervous as they feel the pressure. I saw that my homie was out of his mind, so I tried to find him and calm him down on his wedding day. Instead, I ran into his future wife. I’ve met her a few times, and I was impressed. But I caught her at the moment she was changing. She had long legs and they looked so sexy in white stockings. Her ass was incredibly tight! I hid and watched her roll on her thigh-high stockings, the whole thing was giving me a giant hard-on. I was in shock as she pulled out a dildo! Maybe that’s her way to ease the tension, as she spread her legs wide and took it in her pussy. At the moment, she finally noticed me, but I guess she was more surprised than angry. It looks like she was may more interested in my cock then making it to the chapel! Probably she wanted to get one last cock before she got married! In less than a minute, the sexy bride was already down on her knees, sucking my dick with passion. I imagine she was motivated as this is our first showdown, and she wanted to show everything she’s got. Once she felt that I was rock hard, she stood over me, pulled her white wedding panties aside, lowered her wet cunt onto my throbbing cock and started to ride me cowgirl style. It was amazing watching her giant juggs bouncing as you could see on her face how happy she is. I had an even better look as she turned around and started bouncing again, this time reverse cowgirl style so I could watch her big. It’s her wedding day, and it looked like she knows what she wants, so I let her lead the way. The energy she had that day was otherworldly like her future husband was not giving her enough attention. But that’s their problem – I was here to enjoy, and frankly, I never thought about the possibility that we may get caught. The only decision I made was when I should pull my dick out and shower her with cum, making this the white wedding she deserves. 