It can be quite awkward when you get into a certain age, and you’re still not married. Maybe you don’t give a fuck, but a lot of other people do. Your mother mostly does. Well, when this young lad’s mother came to visit him, he knew that she would be bugging him about how it’s time for him to start a family. And that’s when he had a perfect idea! Rent a porn star and make her your wife for the day. The most sexy and best porn star! The only problem was that he didn’t know how high of a sex drive they have. Her instincts to fuck quickly took over, and she opted to extend the range of her services. While his mother was sitting there, his ‘wife’ was trying to unzip his pants and jerk him off right next to her. Luckily, his mother was fixing her glasses, so they went unnoticed. After that, when his mother was gone for a while, his newfound wife immediately started sucking his dick. The pornstar was surprised by his size though, so that was a cool thing for him, giving her extra motivation. And extra motivation she got indeed since she was slurping on that cock like it was her last one in a lifetime. Of course, when she was done, he licked her sweet pussy too. He spread her beautiful ass cheeks and licked her pussy from behind not paying any attention to his mother, who the girl was talking to. Their sneaky oral action was so wild that they immediately had to fuck, so he just slid his dick inside of her pussy and put her upper body over the kitchen counter. That led to them changing numerous poses like fucking in missionary over the table, and then also doing some cowgirl and reverse cowgirl too. Watching her beautiful body going up and down on his hard cock is overwhelmingly erotic. Love those tan lines! Beautiful from head to toe and love seeing every single inch of her beautiful, sexy body. He is pushing his cock into her, pounding into her perfect body, long strokes, pulling his cock almost entirely out of her and plunging back into her slippery cunt, her cunt walls throbbing around his cock. In fact, their passion and tension were literally so heavy that you could cut it with a knife. All in all, for them, that was a great sexual experience, and I think this girl will stick around even after her partner’s mother leaves. 