Girls, never disturb a man while he works on something in his garage. That is unless you have a unique, fleshy surprise. Of course, that surprise should be the pussy. Moaning hotly, this sexy naked girl began grinding her pussy on his bulging cock. His hands found her breasts, massaging them for a moment, then sliding back and forth over her nipples. He looked at her with a grin of satisfaction, watching her beautiful body writhe uncontrollably from the movements of his hand. His hands moved down to her pussy and he started to trace circles around her clit while his hot naked girlfriend continued to massage his cock with her wet cunt. He began rubbing her clit so vigorously, his other hand playing with her boobies. She couldn’t wait any longer, she wanted his hard cock in her mouth ASAP. She did it pretty well, literally taking the whole thing in her throat like it’s nothing. And while she was swallowing his whole dick, you could see it on her face that she was struggling, but still loving it. After that great deepthroat, she needed his cock into her cunt. The good thing is that he started with the best possible pose in this universe – the traditional doggy style. While he was fucking her from behind, she was just playfully smiling at him, like she was prompting him to fuck her even harder. So, he did exactly that! He turned naked girl around and started fucking her in the regular missionary pose. Her whole body was rocked by the powerful thrusts. They had to improvise, since there was no bed, after all. Of course, that didn’t bother the two of them, because they just kept going hard at it. The next pose was your regular cowgirl pose, or as the peasants would say, hot teen babe was riding his massive dick. That took his girlfriend over the edge and she convulsed in orgasm. It wasn’t enough for him, so he had to turn her over again, and do a reverse cowgirl this time. It was most probably so that he could see her small but fantastic ass while he was fucking her. She showed off enthusiasm by devouring his thick cock – drooling, spitting, licking, worshiping… All for the bouncy bright flashing hardcore finale! There is nothing more beautiful than watching the cum enter the girls’ mouths. 