They say girls never forget things, but I beg to differ. You see, recently, my girlfriend forgot my birthday. I thought she didn’t even notice that I was pretty bummed out, but no. All this time, she was planning a surprise. But, what I didn’t know was that this was going to be the most memorable surprise of my life! She brought me a present and her name was Lulu! Lulu was the cutest little Asian girl I’d ever seen! That was literally the most petite girl I’ve ever seen, and I immediately wanted to fuck her, even though I didn’t know that I was just about to do that. I must’ve seemed so stupid, looking at the two of them and wondering what the fuck were they doing in schoolgirl uniforms. Luckily, my girlfriend explained everything pretty quickly, and the party could start. Lying on their backs, side by side, the girls hiked their skirts up and opened their legs. I stood near the foot of the bed, stroking my cock in front of the girls. Both girls were shaved and their bald cunts looked amazing. They placed their hands between their legs and began to gently touch themselves, alternating their gaze between my eyes and my cock. I climbed onto the bed, kneeling in front of the two horny schoolgirls, giving them my cock. These girls were slobbering all over my dick, taking turns and shit. At first, her Asian friend was sucking on it, and she had these adorable pigtails that I could pull to get her to swallow my whole dick and fill her throat. It was the best feeling I’ve ever experienced! After that, my girlfriend also got her turn once again, and she made sure to give me the best blowjob she ever gave me. After that, it was time for sex, though. Oh, damn, I knew that I was supposed to enjoy them both equally, but trust me, I couldn’t wait to be inside of this new girl. She was so hot that I was slowly losing my mind. Looking at me through those glasses that little Asian doll hiked her pleated miniskirt up around her waist and lowered her pussy onto my cock! I looked down to witness the moment my cock entered her! It was amazing. I forced my cock into her tight little cunt and fucked her. While she was riding me, I could feel how tight her little cunt was. Her body shook as her orgasm overwhelmed her.   I held her tiny wrists and thrust my cock deep into her young cunt, fucking her hard, her vaginal muscles contracting around my cock. I would’ve probably gotten a heart attack if I didn’t enter her. But we needed to spice it up a little bit and switch poses. My girlfriend grabbed my cock and kept riding me. We kept with me fucking my girlfriend from behind while the Asian girl was gently touching both of us. Luckily, my girlfriend cooled down a bit and let her friend enjoy my cock. While I was fucking one of the girls, I’d make pauses for the other one to suck my dick. And the second thing is that both of them got on all fours and I fucked both of them doggy style. Imagine seeing two tight pussies, and then two perfectly round and tasty buttholes right above that. It was simply amazing. I was switching back and forth between their perfect, little pussies. And after all the fucking, the naked girls finished me with their majestic blowjob skills, and that’s when I realized my girlfriend truly loves me. Fellas, if you have a girlfriend, drop subtle hints, because maybe she can bring a friend too. And trust me, you’ll have the time of your life! Cumming all over their faces and watch the girls kissing was the best birthday surprise!