This guy is desperately trying to find a way to calm down this rowdy horny teen he invited to eat at a nice restaurant. She turned out to be a bit more than he can handle! While they eat some corn, she takes the corn cob and pretends it’s a big dick, deepthroating it while placing her foot between his legs under the table and massaging his cock! He’s worried they’ll kick them out for indecent behavior and realizes there is just one way to get this crazy bitch to cool down from her craving for dick, and that is, giving her all the dick she can handle and then some! He sneaks into the restroom with her and gives her dripping wet pussy a good fingering while she strokes his rock hard cock. The hot teen babe gets down on her knees so she can stuff her mouth with it and deep throats it. She pops his balls in her mouth and sucks them while jerking him off. He can’t wait any longer, he bends her over the restroom sink and starts kissing and licking her wet cunt from behind, breathing in the aroma of her sweet nectar, running his tongue up and down her clean shaven snatch. Then he grabs her hips and rams his throbbing member deep inside that tight snatch, plowing this crazy slut from behind. Her tits are dangling under her yellow top and he grabs them, squeezing them hard while giving her all that dick she’s been begging and teasing for. She is a beautiful, blonde babe with natural, big tits. Tall, thin, and sexy, with long legs than end in a big, firm butt. With a model’s physique and a nympho’s sex drive, she is a sexual dynamo. She gets back on the floor and rubs her cunt while he fucks her filthy mouth. Naked girl gets on top and impales herself on his meaty rod, riding it in reverse cowgirl while rubbing her twat. Her titties are bouncing, her nipples are sticking straight up, and she is about to cum. She hunches her cunt up at him, clenching and unclenching the muscles in her thighs. Sitting her on the sink, he plows her pussy before filling her with cum and returning to their table. Maybe now they can have a nice quiet meal! 