I came back from work to find out there is a huge surprise waiting for me. A ravishing, black-haired girl was completely nude and tied up on the table. She had a tight, young body with big, perky tits and a fine, round ass. She was lying on her stomach unable to move, with her hands being tied up to her legs behind her back. I found a note nearby and quickly skimmed through it. This was all a gift from dad, to reward me for all the good work I did in the company and to show me how people there celebrated success. I was all up for it and approached this ready and willing babe. The moment I pulled my throbbing boner out, naked girl opened her mouth obediently and took it all in. I started fucking her throat, gently at first but going deeper and rougher with every passing second. She wasn’t complaining and did her best to swallow my whole size, with my precum and her saliva all mixing in her mouth and dripping all over, making my cock and her beautiful face all sloppy and messy. After making sure I had my way with her mouth, I was ready for her tight pussy. Being the good whore that she is, her cunt was already dripping wet and ready for me. I pulled her off the table and bent her over it, going behind her. Not wanting to waste any time, I grabbed her by the hips and shoved my massive boner all the way in, pounding her doggy style. I held the ropes and started hammering her rough with her hands still tied behind her back. I grabbed her neck and pinned her down, brutally slamming into her, balls deep. That submissive chick was really turning me on; the more she moaned the harder I fucked her. Wanting to fuck her in a more comfortable environment, I took the naked girl to the bedroom where I continued drilling her.   All she did was moan and scream obediently as I placed her on her back, spread her legs and started stuffing her wet cunt from the front. I felt her cunt quivering against my cock as every thrust was met with desperate groaning. I kept her hands tied and used my tie to make a collar and hold her as I turned her around and started going balls deep in her snatch from behind. Her screams kept becoming louder which turned me on even more so I wanted to make her feel my throbbing shaft in every angle possible. After pounding her long and hard while she was lying on the bed, I made the naked girl straddle me in a cowgirl position and ride me while I was hammering her from underneath. This gorgeous brunette was losing her mind in pleasure as I turned her into my little, obedient fucktoy. The way I choked, slapped her around and pulled her hair only made her hornier and made her cum multiple times. I could tell she loved the way I was being rough as she kept asking for more through all the incomprehensible moaning and screaming. I felt her cunt pulsate and tighten violently around my cock as I pounded in and out of her. Having fucked her long and hard, I was reaching my limits, so I pulled out and shot massive loads all over her body.