What starts off as an innocent ride home from a professor turns into a real life-learning experience for this cute teen. It’s her first year at college, and this girl has a lot to learn. Thankfully, one of her professors saw that she is struggling and is willing to teach her a lesson. What this teen babe doesn’t know is that her professor doesn’t have only science on her mind. Whether it’s how to skirt the rules of fraternization laws at the university, or how to scissor those beautiful clits together, this lesbian knows a thing or two about teaching sexy young coeds a lesson. As the girls arrive at her home, blonde mature is already giving her a lesson about inappropriate behavior that is happening at college. She noticed that her student has hots for her, and once she starts touching her, petite babe is showing how much she likes it. The girl lets her teacher pull her skirt up, her panties down to her ankles and explore her wet pussy. The mature lesbian can’t wait to play with her clit, rolling it between her fingers and feel that teen pussy getting wet. This mature horny woman loves to sample a fresh batch of pussy and ass. MILF blonde skips formalities as she rips of her clothes and then reveals her stunning body, including massive tits. Young babe is a quick learner, so there is no need for her to give her command. She is already sucking her nipples, as the professor feels proud. Maybe she even underestimated her. While she might look like an innocent schoolgirl, this barely legal slut has a lot of experience with girls. It seems like she was having a lot of sex during her high school days, but it’s different now, as she was never with a MILF before. She was into rough lesbian sex, so while this tiny spinner licks her lover’s pussy, she is doing it aggressively, like she wants to make her cum as soon as possible. There is nothing to worry about here, as the girls both will have multiple orgasms by the end of this session. She is inspired, as while her tongue is deep in mature’s snatch, she has a beautiful sight – her fat ass. Things get even better as they go into a sixty-nine position. That is like the beginning of an orgasm festival as they both scream and cum every minute.   There is a big age gap here, but it looks like the girls perfectly understand each other. It’s love on first sight – forbidden one, but so real and beautiful. You can see the blonde professor smiling as she is going deep in her student’s pussy with her tongue, giving her pleasure like no other girls ever could, performing amazing cunnilingus on her, exploring the deepest recesses of female erogenous zones with her tongue. This lesbian makes her cum with such ease, but it’s the same as the roles are reversed. How is it possible that someone so young understands her body like that? She was with much older women that had no clue what to do with her meat hole, and here is this young petite slut that is like sent from heaven. Naked girls start grinding their wet pussies against each other in small figure of eight patterns until they cry out in near mutual orgasm. As the lesbians cum for the final time, there is only one thing on their mind. It’s risque, but they must continue. It will be crying shame if their relationship stops now when they finally found each other and have some much fun when they are together. Hot moms know how to fuck, especially when they have a lot of pent up energy. MomsLickTeens is where all the magic happens between lustful milf minxes and curious 18+ teens. 