This sexy blonde hears sensual moans and sexy noises coming from her roommate’s room and sneaks a peek, discovering her watching lesbian porn! Why watch a porn movie when you can make your own? The girls both discover their mutual interest and attraction for girls and hot lesbian porn. It’s awesome that they can share not just their friendship and apartment, but also their love of pussy and, why not, each other’s bodies! While the cute blondies watch the hot lesbian porn together, the blonde makes her move and caresses her roommate’s ass. She reaches under her thong and feels her pussy is already dripping wet. The girls start kissing very slow and softly, taking off their clothes. One of the girls lies down on the bed and the other one sits on top, her pussy against her roommate’s face so she can eat it out. Feeling her slick tongue exploring her slit and spreading her pussy lips wide open, eating her out and stimulating her clit feels so good. The blonde thrusts and gyrates her hips as she feels the other girl’s tongue swirling inside her snatch and she just can’t wait to reciprocate and find out what her pussy tastes like. Her roommate is on her knees with her amazing ass high in the air and she licks sweet asshole and her pussy from behind. Her clit is super sensitive as she swirls her tongue over and over, bringing her to climax! The young naked blondes rub their twats together in a steamy tribbing session, scissoring just like the beautiful dykes on the lesbian porn videos they were watching together just some minutes ago. The blonde lies back and opens her legs so her friend can continue pleasuring her with her wet lips, slick tongue and skilled mouth. She hunches her sweet pussy up at her friend while she continues ravishing her delicious pussy and playing with her asshole. The blonde moans, feeling her tongue up her asshole. It feeks so fucking good. The young lesbians start tribbing again, their clits are rubbing against each other with the occasional smack when their wet pussies kiss. The naked girls get into a 69 position, licking their nipples while touching each other and the roommate treats the blonde to a very special treat, licking her asshole in a wild anal rimming session that makes her cum over and over! 