With all of their friends just in the other room during a party, this guy and his sexy wife in a slim red dress sneak into one of the bedrooms so they can have sex at night! The fact that they are separated from their friends by just a thin wall really turns them on! He helps her off the tight dress and admires her sexy body and big, firm tits. He places a blindfold over her eyes and handcuffs her to the bed. Then he invites one of his friends from the party over so they can all play together! Finally he is able to fulfill his terrible fantasy – that of watching his wife being fucked by another man. His tied up naked wife loves feeling several hands all over her body. After removing her blindfold, she is at first surprised, then quickly aroused by the thought of fucking another man! Her husband films her with his phone while their friend spreads her legs and eats out her dripping wet pussy. For him, seeing another man with his wife is exciting, even more so when the man has a huge cock. He is watching the friend’s cock opening up his wife’s pussy. He is watching him push his big hard cock deep inside her cunt and fuck his wife in missionary position. He is watching his wife’s pussy being stretched by a bigger cock! The fact that her husband is watching her with another man is a mental mind-fuck, so the orgasms she receives from a lover is more intense. They release her from the cuffs and the blindfold and the hot naked babe goes to ton on the friend’s big dick, sucking and stroking it with pleasure and lust. She gets on top of him and takes a filthy ride on his cock while he presses her hot naked body against his. She grabs his thick rod in her soft hands and sucks it some more, lubing it up with her saliva and tasting her own pussy on it. Her lover puts her down on her hands and knees and plows her gushing twat doggie style from behind, thrusting deep inside her shaven cunt. Back on top, the hot naked blonde gets impaled on his meat sword once again, this time in reverse cowgirl position. She enjoys getting fucked so hard by her man’s best friend’s cock! 