This sexy female tennis player has game, both in the tennis court and in the bedroom! Yeah, she likes to swing that racquet like she swings a hard cock and she hits that tennis ball with the same impetus she enjoys getting her pussy pounded hard! After all, don’t you get turned on when you hear these sexy female tennis players grunting when they play, sounding as if they were actually fucking in bed? Every one of her moves in the tennis court translates to the bedroom, she is a lean mean tennis ball playing and cock fucking machine rolled up into one! After the game is over, she’s filled with adrenaline and in need of a release and she heads straight to the bedroom, where her stud and his big juicy dick are already waiting for her. She makes out with him while reaching under his pants, stroking his throbbing erection with her soft hands as he massages her cunt under her skimpy tennis uniform skirt. She pulls his cock out and it’s so fucking big, meaty and thick. Right what she needs after a big match! She cups his balls with one hand and jerks his rod with the other while moaning softly. She gets down on her knees, caressing his thighs while stuffing her cock hungry mouth with his delicious member, savoring it as she sucks it. He grabs her pony tail as she drives his dick down her throat, gagging on it as he fucks her mouth. Sexy girl spits on it and spreads the saliva all over his shaft with her hands while sucking on it. He makes her choke on his dick and the drool drips down her chin and splatters all over her chest. He grabs her feet and she wraps them around his cock, massaging it with them, giving him a hot foot job. After jerking his rod with her feet and her both hands, he flips her over in standing position. Naked blonde goes wild from the feeling of his huge cockhead as it brushes against the entrance of her pussy. He rams his member deep inside her gushing snatch! She loves the feeling of his huge, thick cock sliding powerfully in and out of her tight, silky smooth, well lubricated slit.   He keeps plowing her standing behind his sexy tennis player with his hands on both her hips. She holds on tight to the bed’s footer while he nails her and takes her to the bed, putting her down on all fours and banging her doggy style from behind. She grabs on to the bed sheets and he squeezes her tits while fucking her grains out. As much as this blonde babe dominates on the tennis court, she enjoys being dominated in the bedroom. Now he’s banging her anally from behind and in missionary position, stretching out her tight asshole with his big fat cock and turning this professional tennis player into a professional anal whore. She’s in ecstasy, feeling that big erection stuffing her asshole and filling her up, making her breathe like crazy, it’s the best cardio she can get. She gets on top and rides his dick, eager to have him blow his creamy load all over her face and body! She is totally overcome with pleasure of his enormous boner sawing in and out of her tight little asshole. He keeps driving his full meaty length balls-deep into her ass making her cum like crazy in the process. The humongous spray of warm cum that suddenly filled her ass is such a intense sensation for her that it instantly triggers another orgasm.