I’m a sucker for Asian girls, just as much as I am for petite chicks, and Lulu is the smallest, cutest, Asian girl I’ve ever seen! I have been waiting so long to fuck her tight Asian body, I can’t believe I’m finally getting the chance to do it! She greets me in a pair of pink pants and yellow top, it’s been just a few weeks since she got started in porn, but this 18 year old girl is already a pro. As soon as I pull her tiny breasts over her top I am surprised when I spot her pierced nipples, now that’s fucking hot, man! Nipple piercings are such a fucking turn on, they make my cock as hard as a rock the moment I see them, more so when they are on the small breasts of a sexy, little Asian slut like Lulu. Her snatch is as small and tight as you can expect from an Asian girl. I lick my finger and rub her slit, it’s already wet and she is ready to go. I strip her naked and turn her over, spreading her butt cheeks and exposing that mouth watering Asian butthole. Naked girl gets down on her knees and pulls down my pants, gasping when she sees the type of meat serpent she has released from its cage! She admires how big it is and hopes she can fit it in her small mouth as she takes it in her tiny hands and inspects its size and girth. Something tells me Lulu will have no problem whatsoever fitting my huge cock into her tight holes. She gives me a blowjob, beginning at the tip and slowly making her way down my shaft, trying to fit as much dick meat into her cock hungry Asian mouth as she possibly can. She looks at me with those beautiful slanted eyes while she deep throats me. Her head is so small I can actually hold it with one hand, feeding her my dick until she gets her fill.   I sit down on the couch and petite naked girl climbs on top of me, straddling herself on my lap, pushing my thick dick inside her tight Asian clam and riding me in cowgirl position. What a tight little pussy! I hold her small tits in my hands and hear her soft moans and baited breath, trying her best to accommodate my cock inside her. I feel her young pussy clench around my cock and as she starts wildly bucking her hips into me. She enjoys rising on top and I flip her over into reverse cowgirl position. She is so petite and feather light, handling her is effortless! Feeling her soaking wet pussy lips against my balls is amazing as I thrust my hips up in her little cunt. I want to enjoy that juicy oriental piece of ass, so I put the girl down on all fours, penetrate her from behind and plow her raw sushi doggy style. She takes it like a pro, grabbing on to the couch and begging for more. I even fuck her standing, cradling her thighs in my hands and fucking her as deep and as hard as this Asian slut can take! Small asians do it best!