She is my stepsister, but often, it feels like we are real siblings. As soon as we started living together with our parents, I figured out she is perverted, as I am. As I woke up, I could hear my sister in the bathroom, so I got up to check things out. She was in the bathroom doing her morning routine of getting ready for school. “What’s up,” I asked her, seeing that she hadn’t stopped taking the occasion look at me. “That,” she said, nodding towards me with her head. Somewhat confused I looked down and I saw that I had a morning wood! Looking at her, you might think she is this beautiful but cold babe that wouldn’t sleep with a guy before the marriage. But that is only a mask, she is playing the role of a sweet innocent girl. She was pretending like she was not into it when I started jerking off to her in the bathroom. She was pretending like she was disgusted, and that makes us both horny. But as soon as I put her hand on my dick, she was not so tough anymore. She can’t act as she couldn’t wait to have my thing in her mouth. My cock was right in front of her face. She fondled and rubbed my erect dick. A little slut looked up at me, opened her mouth and took the head inside. I love when she is watching me straight into my eyes while sucking it. It’s not that she is seeking approval, it’s that she wants to show me who slutty she is. Holding the head of my cock with her lips she jerked my shaft with her small hands. Cumming in her small mouth was something amazing! As she gets naked, you could hardly believe that she is legal. Her breasts are perky, and her pussy is shaved, while her skin is so soft. You could mistake her for a sex doll until she starts to moan as I nail her. Let me give you a tip – if you ever have a chance to fuck my stepsis, you don’t need to be gentle with her.   The little slut likes it rough, so go balls deep from the start and enjoy her reactions. She told me that she feels the pain, but the pleasure she gets that way is hard to describe. I can only imagine it, but I love that she is like this. I pull her to me, pressing balls deep into her body, feeling her young tight pussy clench my cock as if it never wants to let go. As my sexy naked sister rides my shaft reverse cowgirl style, I enjoy the view. I have the perfect view of my cock sliding in and out of her sweet pussy. I’m the one turning into her sex toy, making her wishes come true. There is no pressure here – we will be alone for a few days, which gives us enough time to try everything we ever wanted. I love nailing her doggy style, as it gives me the perfect view of her surprisingly big ass. She still manages to surprise me as she can be so intense, and then I can’t do anything but cum inside of her snatch, making a creampie. She slowly runs her hand down towards her mound and starts to use her finger to stroke her clit forcing a little glob of cum out of her vagina. My stepsis is the kind of girl that likes my cum everywhere, and there were times when she swallowed it all, hiding any evidence of our dirty deeds. I love my stepsis, and my dick will always be there for her!