You don’t even know what kind of a life Amish girls are living. From their day to day chores, their wifely duties, and everything else. And on top of that, there’s no internet, and I know that none of you could live without it. And then, at the end of the day, these girls also have minimal fun outlets to blow off steam after all that work. Luckily, this girl doesn’t even know half of their struggles, but she still decided to role play as an Amish girl, simply because the ‘forbidden fruit’ part of the fantasy appealed to her taste. And she was ready to totally commit to the role because she was sucking that dick like it’s a small ass lollipop and not a monstrous snake. Of course, I’m talking about full swallowing, from the tip to the balls. A slutty Amish girl was literally fucking the guys cock with her mouth. She moaned, bobbing her head, fucking his cock with her wet mouth and stroking it with her hot, darting tongue. Luckily, they had more in store to offer, so they quickly switched to different kinds of actions too, like some sweet pussy licking and cock riding. And as you all know it already, there’s not a single good porn video that doesn’t involve doggy style at least for a short period of time, so they had fun with that pose too. Then, she was finally ready to take off her Amish uniform! Except for the women’s head-wear. And the hot teen girl swallowed that cock again, even better than the last time. That got her feeling so horny! After that, she was bouncing on the guys dick like she was about to hop into an Amish carriage. She bounced up and down rapidly on his dick, rising almost all the way off before slamming herself hard down on his cock. The big man’s balls were slapping against her ass as his cock brutally pounded her pussy. All in all, they were satisfied, but not entirely, so they had to turn to pussy licking again, and then literally backward fucking with her head being down and her pussy being up, which was pretty amazing. If you guys want to role-play during sex, this is the perfect role. 