Wanting to surprise my girlfriend with an interesting gift and to have fun a the same time, I bought her a little something. Knowing how kinky and naughty she is, I bought her a remote-controlled vibrator. I showed it to her while she was sunbathing at the pool and she quickly guessed what it is. Not only that but she also undressed right there, wanting to try it even though we were outside. By the way, she is this playful young blonde, with a petite body, firm butt and perky tits, and a personality as perverted as they come. Right after that, we went back inside so that she can test the vibrator properly. She lied on the bed and spread her legs wide, allowing me to watch as she was slowly teasing her pussy with it, still unable to fit it in. However, all that playing quickly made her snatch soaking wet and the toy went right in. That was what I had been waiting for and so, just as she stood up and came to me, I turned it on and watched her shake in pleasure as she slowly dropped down on the floor, squirming in an orgasm. Her whole body was vibrating with her orgasm. Losing her mind with horniness, she was more than willing to return the favor. We went back on the bed and I lied down with her between my legs. My sexy girlfriend was gagging on my thick shaft like a nasty slut that she is. Her tiny mouth could barely fit half of my cock in but she was going hard at it, swallowing more and more of it with every stroke, trying to deepthroat as much as possible. My precum and her saliva kept mixing as she was drooling all over my boner, making me all wet and slippery and ready for her cunt.   When we were finally ready and unable to hold it in any longer, she lied on her back and spread her legs for me to enter her tiny pussy. Just as I shoved it in and started pumping it, she came hard shaking but begging me to keep going. I enjoyed watching her petite body tremble in orgasm as I slowed down for a moment, only to start hammering her harder than ever. My petite girl could barely withstand my huge size in that pose and was pushing me away, only forcing me to drill her harder and deeper before we switched positions. She mounted me in a cowgirl position, enjoying riding my cock while I was rubbing her clit and making her cum again. From there on out we just kept going harder and harder at each other, picking up the pace and changing positions. Her tiny cunt was being completely stretched by my fat dick and she was dripping all over my shaft and balls. I don’t even know how many times she came screaming while her legs were shaking and her pussy pulsating on my dick before I shot a thick, white load all over her.