A chilling adventures of Sabrina, don’t miss this parody! She is a young witch, but when her magic goes wrong, a new spell makes one of her aunts incredibly horny. She is inexplicably consumed with lust, unable to keep erotic thoughts of both her step-sister. The teen witch admits that she’s envious of the girls’ love for each other and just wants a bit for herself, too. The other aunt tells her, the only solution is to have a lesbian threesome until the effect wears off. In a minute, all of the girls are naked and on the bed, as possessed MILF is having the time of her life. She goes inside her young pussy and even licks her asshole, making it wider. Young witch is showing impressive skills too. This young dike waited for this opportunity for a long time, and now that it’s finally happening, she has to use it the best way. Luckily, she is not nervous at all. Having sex with matures is a chance to learn a lot, but also to show what she’s got. As she is kissing her aunt’s breasts, she is also rubbing her pussy and fingers it, making her cum strong. Screams and moans fill the room as three naked girls form a train, continuing to lick and finger one another. The lesbians all already came, but this is only the begging. They’ll continue until they are out of energy, and there is a long way before that happens. Still feeling guilty about her wrong spell, she is taking care of her auntie, spreading her legs and shoving her tongue inside her pussy. It’s going to take a lot of sex to break the powerful spell, but it has to be done! This teen witch will lick her ass and pussy, let her ride her face, fill her mouth with her pussy juices, fuck her, trib her, rub her pussy with hers, come inside of her, suck her clean… Blonde auntie is insatiable, so as they make her come, she already begs for more, again and again. Thankfully, she also loves giving back, so this young babe has her pussy tested. She still can’t believe this is happening. This perverted, family sex affair is better than she could ever imagine it. As three cum once more, the spell wears off, but that won’t stop them from fucking again! 