This woman comes into her bedroom, closing the door behind her, what a long day, she lies down on the bed and begins to sensually masturbate. Soon, her step-daughter opens the bedroom door without knocking, opening her mouth to say something to her mom… Teen girl stops and doesn’t say anything, looking at what her mom is doing, confused but intrigued. After a moment, her mom’s eyes flutter open and hastily stops masturbating realizing in shock that she’s been caught. In fact, her step daughter has her eye on girls, she had a crush on her female teachers, her girl classmates… She has tried thinking about boys, but it’s never as good as when she imagines a girl. Brunette teen knows that it’s wrong, but she can’t help herself. She would often spend nights thinking about girls while rubbing her pussy. Still, she never had an opportunity to do something about it. The young girl is hesitant but turned on and ultimately can’t resist her mom’s seductive allure. After all, they are only stepmom and stepdaughter, and this could be a fun experience. Teen lesbian gets naked faster than she ever did in her life. Her stepmom takes the initiative by grabbing her boobs and licking it, making her feel relaxed. That worked, as a young babe is encouraged to spread her stepmom’s legs and dive in her pussy, finally tasting it. MILF must be surprised that such an innocent being knows so much about lesbian sex. She is proud of her and is willing to share her knowledge with her. After all, this feels like the beginning of a beautiful relationship. Her husband is often away anyway, and this is by far more exciting that masturbating and playing with toys. Sex with a teen girl is what makes her feel young again as she moans and cums for the first time. Her teen stepdaughter is improving by the minute and is following her advice. No matter what she asks from her, she is willing to do it and grab this opportunity to prove her worth. This is the chance she was waiting for for months, and she’ll do everything to keep fucking her stepmom. Even though she is sweaty and pushed to her limits, she keeps on, as they scissor, while kissing and playing with each other’s breasts. Watching these busty naked girls together is a treat as they bump hips and push their wet cunts at each other. As they cum for the final time, their only wish is to continue doing this. 