I’ll openly say that there’s nothing better than a young, teenage girl choking on your member, and then letting you feel it inside of her. You see, I’ve fucked plenty of women on my best days. Some of them were MILF’s, some of them were mature ladies, young adults, and everything in between that you can imagine. But no one, and I repeat, no one fucks better than teenage girls. I don’t know what’s so appealing about them. Maybe it’s their youthful skin. Or perhaps it’s their flexibility and tightness. However, I think that it’s their energy and their insatiable hunger for sex. The teen girls can just go on and on without getting tired. ‘Just one more time, please, cum in my mouth’ she said with a cum smile on her face. And while I was getting ready to nail her little pussy one more time, she already started her daily dose of fun, this time with a pink dildo. That was the first orgasm she experienced today, before me giving her one. Lying fully naked by the pool she spread her legs and fucked herself with a fake penis. Of course, after fucking that dildo, she had to suck my dick first, to get me all fired up. And her technique is fantastic! The way she licks it and sucks it and deepthroats it… Oh my god! She just doesn’t stop! And best of all, she’s a real pro at licking balls, trust me. Besides, I so love the natural smell and taste of a young pussy. The sweet lips, the warm and silky smooth skin, and her wet slit. So that’s exactly what I did, licking her tight cunt until she was all wet, sloppy, and ready. I laid down, and the naked girl hopped on my dick, her back facing my chest and all. She started rubbing her dripping pussy upwards along my stiff rod until the tip of my cock felt her warm wet opening. I was in ecstasy. You know, reverse cowgirl is probably the best pose in existence because while you’re fucking her, you can also see her tight asshole twitching from pleasure too. But I wanted to see something even more convincing than her asshole, so I turned her around and let her naturally ride me.   Then, I found the perfect way to spice things up – doggy style. It’s the best thing ever because you can go even deeper, you can see her pretty face, and you can also see her whole pussy, and her ass. It’s pretty much the winning combo of sex if you’ve ever seen one. Unfortunately, I couldn’t keep going at it because I was about to cum, and I didn’t want to ruin the fun, so I turned young naked girl around once again and fucked her in the regular missionary. With her knees just to either side of her head she gave me a perfect access to her pussy. Her pussy lips produce a kind of pussy burger. So hot! She was satisfied with that too because she was even more fired up. I could feel that the climax time was near, so the doggy style was once again on the menu. And trust me, I didn’t make a wrong choice. It was the best choice ever, because, after that, she was cumming like a fountain. It was simply the most powerful feeling ever, seeing a teenage lady cum. They’re so passionate about sex! Fellas, if you want some real sexual please, and some valuable experience, then go and hook up with teenage girls. You won’t regret it.