I was walking around the house when I heard noises coming from a bedroom so I went there to check it out. As I opened the door I saw my naughty girlfriend eating out a gorgeous ebony babe and, just as I entered the room, she experienced a massive orgasm squirting all over me!!! Stunned and confused, I asked them for an explanation and stood there waiting as the naked girls talked sitting on the bed. My girlfriend is this dashing, young, slim brunette with an adorable face and perfect, perky tits and her friend was exotic ebony, just as beautiful and equally naughty and kinky. The girls both started apologizing while looking genuinely guilty and willing to fix the mess they’ve made. It didn’t take long for them to pull me into their squirting game and before I knew what was going on, I had two hot naked girls kneeling in front of me, pulling my pants down. I liked what they’ve had in mind and gave myself in completely. My girl took my fat cock out and started jerking it slowly while guiding it into her friend’s mouth. Slutty ebony immediately took it in and started slobbering on it, talking all sexy and naughty. While she was sucking on my shaft, the girlfriend took my balls in her mouth and started licking and fondling them, enhancing the pleasure. I was enjoying one of the best blowjobs of my life, with two luscious chicks constantly switching between swallowing my shaft and my balls. That kept going even when we went to bed. I lied down and the hot black girl started deepthroating me while my girl jerked my shaft off into her mouth. After such a long, erotic, and wet blowjob, we were all ready for something more. Exotic ebony was the first to mount me in reverse cowgirl and start riding my rock hard dick. I enjoyed watching her big, round ass go up and down as she impaled herself deeper with every motion, trying to feel as much of my boner as possible.   My girl loved watching and even helped her, pushing her butt down hard, forcing her to ride me even rougher. After a while, the girls switched. My slim girlfriend straddled me in cowgirl position, at first gently inserting my cock in her tight cunt then pulling it out, to let her friend suck on it. Then we picked up the pace and she started riding me harder with ebony holding her tight and even choking her. From that point onward we just kept picking up the pace and changing positions, enjoying each other in every way possible. Naughty ebony came squirting multiple times while I was hammering her snatch and my girl was rubbing her. My ball sack was soaked in the juices that squirted out of her cunt with every stroke. As her juices were fucked in and out of her cunt I kept pounding into her wet cunt. Then was my gf’s turn. “Make me squirt all over you! OHHHHHH SHIT YES!” my babe screamed loudly, her skinny body trembling as she climaxed, her juices spraying out of her pussy. At one point, they even both went on all fours, side to side, letting me drill them both doggy style. Their cunts kept squirting! They both came hard and squirted multiple times before I also reached my edge and shot a huge load of cum all over them.