There is something that makes me prefer barely legal teens. Maybe it’s their soft skin or innocence that goes away once I’m alone with them. I met this gorgeous young babe yesterday in the park, and we started the conversation. She is a freshman, and I was one of the first people she ever met in Los Angeles. Our talk soon became dirty, so when I asked her to come to my home, she didn’t hesitate. That’s when I knew she was something special. As I was unpacking, this young slut already found my playroom and started playing with her pussy using a vibrator. It was incredible watching her perky tits and shaved pussy with juices already flowing out of it. Her juices were running down her ass crack as she came again and again. I decided to help her, so I got on my knees and started licking her meat hole. Every pussy tastes different, and hers is sweet and ready to be exploited. I licked her young sensitive pussy as she began to squirt her pussy juices out over my face. She probably likes it hard, so I should not be afraid to test her limits. I was already hard as I thought about that. I bet she expected a lot from me, but I was never afraid of the challenge. I gave the teen babe the chance to show me what she’s got, as I fucked her throat while she was still on my jizz swing. This girl knows how to handle a shaft and enjoys every second of the action. I thought that I was rock hard, but her warm lips and mouth made me even bigger. That’s why I needed to reward her with brutal pussy fucking. I was rough from the first second, trying to figure out if she could handle it all. Her moaning was too much for me as I had to creampie her snatch while she gave me that filthy look.   My cock pulsing in her tight teen cunt, slipping further, slamming inside of her, cum spurting, lights flashing in my head, grinding into her, pushing my cum deeper into her vagina, her cunt muscles milking the cum from my prick. However, I wasn’t nearly done. I started nailing her doggy style, and she continued smiling no matter how hard I went inside of her. I continued filling her cunt with my semen. Another creampie was oozing out of her cum slit! When the young naked girl begged to try reverse cowgirl style, how could I refuse? That made me cum inside her once more, I could feel her pussy milking my cum as I gave her what she wanted. But somehow, I still wanted more. There was plenty of juice in my balls, and I wanted to make her a mess. She encouraged me to continue as this teen nympho is always cock hungry. Her pussy still convulsing as I dumped another load into her pussy, cumming into her with great force! You could set her up with a bunch of guys, and I’m sure that she wound drain their balls and would ask for more. I never had such intense experience as she was pushing me to my limits. When I felt that I couldn’t go anymore, it was time for a spectacular finish. Once again I creamed her snatch, and this time it was all I had, lots of semen proving that she handled me well.