That amazing young 18 year old blonde had one intention and one intention only; she wanted someone to fuck her like she had never been fucked before. She had seen so much porn with creampies and all that sticky cum leaking out of well-fucked pussies and wanted to try it too. I just couldn’t resist that kind of offer and I needed to get in on this action as soon as possible. I got down on her to get her super horny by licking her young pussy. She had a really nice shaved pussy and I could already tell that it would be amazing to fill her with spunk. Her pussy was tight and untouched. And even though she was a slut for me today, it doesn’t seem like she did this often. I took off all her clothes and then got to see her completely nude. Her cute little ass, her lovely neat tidy pussy and her amazing tits are something that any man would want in their life. My wife has a sybian with a dildo, I like to watch her cumming in that thing, and I decided to show it to my guest. When she saw that sex toy she quickly got naked and got on it. She plunged the vibrating cock into her tight pussy and smiled. Her little pussy started to get wet. I came closer to see her clit vibrate with pleasure. With one movement she grabbed my cock and began sucking it! Naked girl surrounded the head of my cock with her lips, and then slowly moved her head down, engulfing me in her mouth. I couldn’t wait, I took her and started fucking her in every position that I could recall. The sight of my cock going in and out of her little pussy while I fucked her was to much for me and I shot a load into her body. Feeling my cum inside her caused the girl to have another orgasm. I kept fucking her and I just couldn’t stop cumming inside her. With her pussy clamping tighter on my already over stimulated dick I kept to shoot loads of cum deep inside of her pussy. I fuck her from the front, from behind, I even fuck her from below while she’s in the reverse cowgirl position. Needless to say, it’s hard to stop yourself from cumming after having sex that amazing. Cum was spurting out with each pump from my cock. 