You know, I’m a serious guy. I have a great job that pays me well, and I found myself a gorgeous wife with an even prettier daughter. The only problem is, she doesn’t know how to behave. And I don’t care that I’m not her biological dad. Nobody acts like an immature brat in my house. So, when I found out that she’s been acting up in school, I had to put an end to it. When I came home and confronted her about her bad behavior at school, all she could say was ‘chill out and leave me alone, you’re not my real dad.’ Well, fine, have it that way! Just because you said that you’re going to suck my big ass cock. That’s precisely what she did! I mean, since after whipping it out in front of her face she didn’t have much choice. Luckily, we both gained something valuable from that experience. She got a lecture and stopped behaving poorly in school, and I got a nice blowjob that made me nut like never before right in her mouth. I guess, it is a pretty good punishment, though? She kept sucking and my load was leaking out of her mouth and onto her tits. Damn, man, these young girls are hot. Unfortunately, that’s not where this ended, since I also found out that my stepdaughter likes to send dirty photos to horny boys at her school. She didn’t mind to pose foe me too, seductively swaying her big curvy ass for me as I continued to stare at her sexy body. And then the little slut figured since we already found out that we’re sexually compatible, why not do it again? Except now I’m going to fuck her as well. After teasing me with her bubble ass, I told her to pull down her shorts and stick her big ass in the air. When she complied to my orders, I slid my dick inside of her cunt, and oh boy! She was tight, wet, and warm as fuck. It was the best shit ever. Her pussy swallowed my dick, gripping it tight like a vise. As I was fucking her, all I could feel was her pussy tightening even more and squeezing my cock to give me a better feeling. And you could tell she enjoyed it too! She turned over and I kept fucking my beautiful girl. Her tits were bouncing back and forth as I continued to drive my cock into that gorgeous pussy. She had a triangle of black hair pointed to her clit and it looked amazing.   It was just a regular missionary, but since my dick is enormous, it made her cum like never before. You could feel her sweet pink cunt trembling, so I decided that I needed my release too. After toying with her just a few minutes more, I busted the fattest nut all over her face! Sexy babe was groaning as the spunk continued to fly out and land over her pretty face to leave that nose, lips and chin covered with a large amount of cum. After another last couple of drops that were stroked out onto her pretty face I began to go soft. And much to my surprise, my stepdaughter wasn’t disgusted. Cumslut enjoyed the sensation of having so much spunk plastered across her face. With one eye “sealed” shut from a streak of jizz over it, she looked up at me with her free eye, a big satisfied smile on her now cum-covered face to show she was loving this dirty mess she had been left in. Then she started playing with my thick cum, licking it and gargling it in her mouth. Cum whore also put her fingers on it and stretched it as much as she could. Of course, from then on, she always called me whenever her little pussy needed to be taken care of, and I was still ready to oblige, simply because I’m a good guy. So yeah, if you have a bratty disobedient little stepdaughter that needs to be taught some discipline, you can handle it yourself like a real man, or you can call me. Nothing fixes the problem faster than a big cock!