My girlfriend is a pro at sex. But her friend lacks some essential skills. For example, how to twerk, which is now a large part of your usual seduction process. And most importantly, she can’t squirt for shit. So, as a good Samaritan that I am, I volunteered myself to teach her. Okay, maybe I’m lying a little bit, my girlfriend volunteered us both. But I’m not complaining! Especially since the first thing the girls started with was just a fantastic blowjob. My girlfriend gives great blowjobs, but surprisingly, her best friend does too. Imagine that combination though, two young girls twisting their soft tongues on your dick, looking at your face, trying to make you mad? Well, if that’s what the sluts wanted, they surely accomplished it. What I didn’t know, though, was that that was just the beginning. My usual sex routine with my girlfriend is pretty satisfying, but fucking my partner while her best friend is sucking on her tits and looking at me with the most perverted grin in the universe?! My girlfriend started to squirt like she usually does, squirting all over herself. Her golden shower fell to earth. One squirting orgasm, then another, then one more! I pounded hard into her, paying most attention to her sensitive G-spot, making her squirt involuntarily, uncontrollably, cumming every other moment. Holy fuck, I almost busted right there. Luckily, I told myself to be patient because I still needed to please my ‘other customer.’ And I’m a dedicated guy, so I started doing my job immediately. And while I was fucking her friend and being thrilled about the fact that I had sex with two sexy naked girls and my big cock was feeling a new pussy and getting used to it, something fantastic happened. My crazy-ass girlfriend, who has the most insane libido I’ve ever seen, just started squirting all over the goddamn place and in her friend’s mouth. Right there, just spraying the whole fucking room! And to prove to you that her libido is unbelievably insane, she switched with her friend and started bouncing on my dick again, and while I was giving her the ride of her life, she suddenly got up and squirted all over it! I had no idea how I was going to clean that mess, but fuck it, I enjoyed that shit immensely.   But, an essential thing about threesomes is the fact that you have two girls to satisfy, so you have to divide your attention equally. Which, of course, meant that I had to fuck her friend again. And I was more than happy to do that. Especially since she was ready to lick my girlfriend’s pussy and eat her clit while I was plowing her pussy like a madman. I fucked my girlfriend’s friend with all my might, it was my duty to bring the slut to a squirting orgasm. Her body was in a constant state of euphoric climax, shaking and trembling so much she couldn’t help squirting and squealing of pleasure! I pumped her hard through her orgasm, hitting her sweet spot again and again, making her squirt her juices everywhere. Then it was just one competitive squirting threeosme, the girls kept squirting like mad all over me and into each other’s mouth! My girlfriend managed to cause a flood once again, her beautiful, bald beaver squired high in the air like a geyser. Of course, in the end I had the best fucking nut in the universe, squiring cum all over the naked girls. Since then, it’s hard for me to fuck just one girl.