You won’t want to miss this amazing video if you have a foot fetish! When it comes to fetishes, foot jobs have to be one of the things that is high up on the weirdness scale. Not for this blonde vlogger though. She does it all the time. In fact, she has given more foot jobs to men than she has handjobs. There’s just something magical about feet being on a cock and jerking it off. This sexy babe visited a pedicure salon and got her feet washed as well as moisturized so that she was ready for tonight when she was supposed to give the best foot job of her life. And that’s exactly what she ended up doing as well. When she was finally ready, she got there and took the cock out of the guy’s pants and started rubbing the dick with her feet and massaging his scrotum with her toes. The dude loved it and he got so hard that he just couldn’t keep the cock between her feet any longer as he was craving some tighter crevices. He drove his cock deep inside her with one hard thrust, stretching her pussy open and fucking her hard from behind. He grabbed hold of her waist, his fingers digging into taut flesh, holding her tight as he fucked her hard, almost to the point of pain. His balls were slapping against her wet labia. Then the foot fetish pervert started to jerk his cock between her toes. Hot girl was moaning and screaming with pleasure and you could tell that she was getting really horny and ready for something more than that. She gave him a hardcore blowjob where she was deepthroating him, and then she got on top of him after taking off the lingerie to be completely nude. She kept smiling while grinding her perfect ass in sexy circles into his erection. She was now twerk-fucking him in unconscious animal lust. She squeezed her cunt down tight around him, making her passage even tighter and his cock to produce loud squishing noises as his hammering hips repeatedly pounded against her sexy ass, his cock sliding in and out of her slippery, dripping hole. The dude got on top of her and started fucking her from behind before ultimately cumming deep inside her. She loved the feeling of his hot and creamy cum inside of her pussy so damn much. 