I think that every man that’s in possession of a healthy libido knows about Riley Reid by now. Well, she’s back, and she’s better than ever. And, not only that but this time she brought Gabbie, her friend! She is a gorgeous eighteen-year-old girl, who’s a little shy, but she’s willing to learn. And in order to find the right partners, these two visited a gym with two black guys who were more than happy to oblige. Of course, it all started with some usual making out. You know as teenagers do. But, from making out and simple fondling, eventually things progressed to blowjobs, and they were terrific. Imagine two small white girls choking on BBC’s to the point of almost passing out right there in the middle of the boxing gym. The girls were looking at those big men with tears in their eyes, but not from sadness. Those were the tears of enjoyment! They just love putting those cocks right where they belong – deep in their throats. Of course, after the girls sucked those cocks so good, these men rewarded them. They shoved their big penises deep inside their white tight pussies, and that’s when the real female instincts kicked in. You can see these two lovely ladies gasping for air, but still entirely eager to literally swallow those big black mambas with their pussies. And that wasn’t enough either! The girls even had to switch from cunt to mouth a couple of times, to get the taste of their pussy mixed with dick in their mouths. That, of course, prompted them to continue with this extreme action. You can see the juices leaking, combined with their beautiful faces, as their eyes roll back inside their head just because the young naked girls were enjoying the whole ordeal so much. You can see them fucked in missionary pose, you can see them riding those cocks, but the best part of it all – the doggy style! And a great thing too! Do you see how oily do they look?   These naked girls sweated so much that they looked like they got back from a really intense massage, and that’s your proof of how much they love getting pounded by monstrous cocks! At some point Riley decided to show you who’s the real champ here, because she took both of these cocks and welcomed them inside of her small holes. One for the pink, and one for the stink, as they say. Just goes to show you how much sexual appetite this crazy slut truly has, and how she’s willing to take and satisfy every single cock on this planet, no matter the size or the girth. With two big black cocks in her both holes she thrusted her hips wildly fucking both cocks. The sensation of having a huge cock in her pussy, and another onw plowing up her ass, seems to send her into another dimension. Double penetration is definitely hot! Both the guys were fucking from one orgasm to another. If you ever want to find a cute little vixen to fuck, I suggest that you keep looking, because girls like these sluts are extraordinary. Of course, the video ends with a delicious scene of her cumming, taking these guys’ cum in both her holes and her friend eating that spunk out of her holes! Watch more amazing interracial hardcore sex scenes with sexy white girls and the biggest black cocks you have ever seen!