Two best friends and college roommates bored on a Sunday. When girls are young and bored, sometimes they can come up with pretty stupid ideas. So, these two cuties came up with the idea of seducing their landlord. And not because of the money, but because of the thrill. So, the little sluts told him a white lie about how they were locked out of their apartment. And the locksmith was not there at that moment. So, after letting them stay there, when he turned around, he witnessed a pretty pleasant surprise. These gorgeous girls were kissing and fondling their beautiful boobs. And since one of them is white, and other one black, it was a pretty good mix of black and white chocolate. The man quickly joined them, and that’s when the real action started. Think about it for a second. A gorgeous black cutie with charming and big lips is sucking on your cock, while her blonde white friend is licking on your nuts. And even better, he was fucking one of them, the white one. And while he’s doing that, she’s sucking the pussy of her beautiful friend. Two drop dead gorgeous, all natural young ladies.. what more could you ask for? That double oral scene looks fire, one babe in standing doggy with her friend on her knees with that little mouth waiting, oh my.. that cock must have been in heaven. Is there anything better? Yeah, you bet there is! Fucking both of the young naked girls and switching them up! All while they’re kissing some part of your body! Or they’re sucking on each other. Ebony girl’s pussy looks amazing! Great pairing, they seem to enjoy tasting each other’s pussy. This lucky bastard of a landlord experienced that, and I bet his life was never the same afterward. Well, after tasting and fucking both of their adorable little cunts, I guess that I can safely say that these girls will never pay rent again to this guy. At least not with money. So yeah, if you have a flat and a big cock, shoot your shot, because you never know! You might get the chance to service two gorgeous snatches entirely! 