The glamorous petite young blonde knows how to leverage her hotness into cold hard cash. She had managed to get herself a sugar daddy who pays for every one of her living expenses. All she needed to do was show up every now and then and give him a taste of her wet pussy. But at some point she needed to spice up their sex life. She was pretty sure a threesome is every man’s dream. So, she was making it a point to set up her bestie with a sugar daddy of her own. He saw how stunning and ravishing the other girl looked, with her pale, petite body and perky tits, and immediately agreed. They all ended up outside with girls stripping naked and lying on the ground to tease their pussies with sex toys. With our fine asses high in the air and their cunts exposed two naked girls spread their legs to offer the sugar daddy whatever he wished to take. He enjoyed watching them a little while before joining and teasing them both. It wasn’t long before the girls switched up and he ended up on his back with both young babes slobbering all over his hard cock. Chicks were young but experienced and loved sharing his throbbing boner between each other. One would swallow it whole and deepthroat as much as possible while the other would suck on his balls before they’d switch. During that whole time, both naked girls had vibrators in their pussies and allowed him to tease them both. Eventually, they were all ready for something more hardcore. The blonde was the first one to mount his fat shaft and start riding him balls deep in reverse cowgirl while the black-haired chick sat on his face and started rubbing her soft, wet pussy all over his tongue. Wanting to feel each other in every way possible, two girls switched later on. Blonde mounted his face while the other one went to suck his cock some more, tasting blonde’s pussy on it. Then she hopped on top and slid all the way down. In no time she was riding him balls deep with hot blonde rubbing her clit. Girls came multiple times in different positions until he sprayed them both with hot cum. Looks like this guy has two sugar babies to take care of now. 