This slut was on probation, and as part of a new government initiative, she has been court-ordered to move in with a “model” family to start her rehabilitation process. I hope you didn’t miss the first part of this series. This horny slut couldn’t help fucking self-described “Virgin Warrior”, the homeowners son. After which she was ordered to wear a chastity belt. This nympho just couldn’t go a day without sucking a cock, stroking a cock, and swallowing hot cum. But there was one problem, the strict mother who had the key to her chastity belt. As she navigated the dynamics between stern matriarch woman, her milquetoast centrist author/writer husband, she discovered underlying conflict related to her child from previous marriages – her pompous head-cheerleader daughter. When she cornered the man, she found out that he wrote about her in his little sexual fantasy books. Thus, prompting her to blow him, which then lead to our blonde convict finding them together. Finally having the key, the little slut just said ‘fuck this chastity belt,’ and joined in on the action. That’s how both of the teens ended up slobbering all over his huge and magnificent cock, taking turns between the head, shaft, and the balls. And it was pretty amazing. Imagine one cute pair of lips on your sensitive head, while the other pair is on your balls, sucking them in, and making you feel like a god. This lucky bastard felt that, and it immediately changed his world for the better, because he knew that now he had to fuck them. And as the girls were finishing their job with their mouths, it was the time for some pussy-banging to occur. The first girl, the lovely brunette dressed in a cheerleader uniform, was jumping up and down and riding his cock. All while our blonde convict, was touching his buff body, while also caressing the cheerleader’s pussy and tits.    But the best thing ever was, as she was riding him, the other girl was sucking on his already fantastic and full balls. Just imagine how that feels like, getting your balls sucked dry, while you’re ‘balls deep’ in another equally attractive babe. That, of course, led to the action being even more exciting because these babes suddenly started taking turns. So yeah, this old man was balls deep in two pussies, while simultaneously playing with their boobs and clits at the same time. The moment he had laid his eyes on this teen slut, he fantasized about fucking her young, tight pussy. Now she was fully naked with her legs spread in front of him. The old man pulled his cock from her stepdaughter’s well used cunt and positioned himself to fuck her. The sexy Ebony girl watched him fucking their guest, her hands covering her breasts, her pussy, fondling her, kissing her. Then the sexy teen babe was riding him, grinding her hips unto his own, slamming her cunt hard down onto his cock, twerking her perfect ass and massaging his erection with her vagina. Both girls kept riding him, sucking his cock and licking each other cunts. He felt terrific, since, by the end of this adventure, he was ready to bust the fattest nut in the universe! All in all, living in a house with a teen nympho can be quite surprising!