These girls are really passionate about gymnastics and there’s nothing that they want more than to win a championship. Unfortunately, there’s one thing holding them back from reaching their full potential. There’s something about their physiology that just won’t let them have it their way. Their hymen is still intact, and the virgins need a little bit of boy help in order to fix that little problem of theirs. The girls invite their male friend over and he starts chatting with them for a little bit while they’re stretching and doing some exercises. Then the girls all sit in front of him and he tells them to close their eyes so that he can show them the tool that he’ll be using to help them out. They do so and he pulls out his cock! It’s only when he tells them to open their eyes that the girls have their minds blown. They have never seen a cock that big in their life and it’s only a matter of time before they start using it in all the naughtiest ways as well. He tells them that before he can use it to fuck them and break their hymen, he’s going to need them to make the dick hard by sucking on it. They’re more than happy to oblige and the girls start slurping that cock up like it’s a lollipop. It’s obvious that he’s having the time of his life with three chicks on his cock at the same time, and he gets hard pretty much instantly. Just imagine one sexy girl sucking the head of your cock, another one licking and pulling your left nutt into her mouth and one more girl doing the same with the right nutt. The three besties keep sharing his huge cock before letting it penetrate their tight, virgin pussies. They take the action to the bedroom where he fucks all three of them one by one. He slides inside one virgin pussy, slamming her warm pussy as she moans in delight. Then, he fucks the other girl as she screams out in pleasure. Finally, he slams the last babe until he is sure all three of their hymens have been obliterated. These besties are passionate about gymnastics, but they seem to be discovering that they are just as passionate about watching each other getting pounded out. He fucks these young pussies as a real pro while they’re completely inexperienced. 