You see, sometimes girls aren’t particularly smart, especially when they take nudes. So, when I found some hot ass nudes from my exceptionally hot sister, I knew I had to do something about that! I could simply let it slide, or I could blackmail her into letting me see her pussy, at least this one time. Luckily, when I told her that I am in possession of her precious nudes, she didn’t overreact, she was ready to hear me out about what had to be done. When I told her, she was surprised, indeed, but she was prepared to take care of the business. I told my sister to take her motherfucking clothes off, so I can see that cute little teenage cunt of hers. Her pussy was clean shaven showing her long labia. Skin of her bald pussy mound was soft and smooth. She did have a really beautiful pussy with prominent tan lines from her panties that seemed to enhance the experience I was currently having. I already got hard, so I immediately had to fondle this precious small pussy, and I had to touch her slit and explore her moist entrance. A couple days later, she managed to get her hands on my phone to delete the photos. The only way she was going to get the nudes was if she sucked my cock! The idea of my sexy stepsister sucking my cum from me excited me so much. That got me so hard that I immediately had to give her a taste of my giant cock. She looked like she couldn’t believe her ears, but obediently took off each piece of clothing in front of me. My naked sister was pretty ready to suck it, you know? She could’ve, let’s say, dropped on her knees, but no! She laid down on the bed, and she literally let me use her throat as if it was her snatch. And it was the best sucking of my whole life! She was like a little vacuum cleaner, just sucking my entire cock in! That made me cum, and wow, I got the chance to do it in her throat! My step sister was disgusted, but she had to swallow it, and she took it like a champ, I guess. And the reason why I’m saying that is because, much to my surprise, she was ready to do it again.   And I’ll tell you how that happened! When some jerk stood my sister up, she realized that her bro will always be there for her, so this time, she let me hit it. If you know what I’m saying? And hit it I fucking did! First, some good old doggy style, to pound the deepest parts of her little snatch, and then some good old cock riding! Cowboy style! That was the best part because as she was riding me, I could see her gorgeous little face enjoying every single second of it, and I could feel her small tiny pussy squeezing over and over again, not letting my cock go anywhere! Her tits bounced up and down directly in front of my face. She was jumping up and down, slapping her cunt down onto me, my cock piercing deep into her greedy womb. It was the time to hit it from the back again. While my naked sister was laying down, I had to put it deep inside of her again, and I was so fucking horny that I did it really fast, which prompted her to start screaming and twitching on her bed! My balls were slamming so hard into her. I could feel my balls filling up with cum, ready to blow my load any second into her cunt. Let me tell you something, if you have a stepsister that wants to be serviced, you better do it! Who knows, you might never get the chance to do it again! All it took was one load in her mouth for her to become immediately addicted to my dick!