This girl is happy to have such a faithful boyfriend like him around, and she decides to go to a night club with her boyfriend. There is a sexy woman with a gorgeous body gyrating, shaking, moving to the music at the stage, catching his eye. You see, it isn’t just him eyeing this hot MILF, it is a cougar eyeing him the entire time as well. He excuses himself to go to the bathroom and so does the woman and you immediately know that you’re in for some trouble with the two of them close to each other. The cougar has dragged him into the bathroom for some fun times away from prying eyes. She pulls the top of her dress down, exposing her massive tits. She shoves his face into her round supple tits pulling back the clingy dress. He sucks on them and licks them, motorboating her boobs all the way. She enjoys him sucking on her nipples before dropping to her knees to wrap her tongue around his throbbing cock right there in the restroom. She’s got the energy and the experience to blow his mind… His girlfriend is still clueless at this point and she’s waiting for him to come back. However, it’s not long before she goes into search mode. Meanwhile her boyfriend gets behind the MILF and is going to put his cock into her cunt. Just as that is about to happen, the girlfriend busts into the restroom and sees them red-handed. To his surprise she gets a grin on her face and tells him that watching him have sex with another woman is one of her greatest fantasies. He is going to enjoy the entire rest of the night with two girls. They start having some incredible sex all together. His cock is throbbing and the MILF pressing his girlfriend’s face against his cock and balls, rubbing her face up and down his length. Then she helps her to swallow his cock whole. Gus girlfriend has to admit that she loves feeling like a slut, having sex in a public bathroom. The naked girls take turns getting their cunt fucked by him and she can’t believe how hot it is watching her boyfriend fucking another woman. 