Nobody knows how all those dildos and fuck machines are designed in the first place. Well, it would seem that one lucky, or rather an unlucky dude depending on how you look at it, is about to find out. He wakes up completely tied up and being experimented on by a science lady. She seems to be interested in his cock since it’s so huge. She wants to use it as the mold for their next product line. That’s when he realizes that he needs to get out of there, and the only way that he’s going to do that is by playing on her emotions. He tells her to look at his cock and when the hot blonde does she is completely taken aback by how huge it is. She gets down on her knees and her mouth opens automatically. Blonde babe wraps her red lipstick clad lips around his cock. She just can’t help sucking on his cock. Blonde babe sucks on it but she also titty-fucks it in order to make him even harder. And she has a good pair of tits to do it with as well so it’s no problem for her. She can’t take it any longer without his cock inside of her so she makes the conscious decision to let him go and that’s when he grabs her and starts fucking her in the most ruthless way possible. She already did the scanning so they have the 3D model ready and now it’s time for her to enjoy getting fucked by him until he decides to let her go which won’t be that soon in the end. Hot naked babe bends over the desk, he grabs her waist with both hands and pushes himself balls deep into her body from behind. This woman is so hot, stockings, glasses, perfection… He fucks her long and good, his hips pumping into her, sending his meat sloshing in and out of her pink, drenched fuck hole. He reaches around to feel her tits and rock hard nipples. Naked babe gets on top of him and positions his cock to her pussy. She starts riding his rock hard cock, gasping, moving her gorgeous ass up and down his prick. He rolls her onto her back, spreads her legs and continues fucking. His hands sliding all over her tight, gorgeous body. He must decide where he wants to cum, into her mouth, over her body or deep in that pretty pussy. 