I have to admit, my girlfriend is always full of surprises. Even when I’m expecting them, I just end up being surprised anyway with what she can come up with. For example, she was in her car and we were face timing when all of a sudden she flashes her tits at me. I love seeing her tits since she has a really nice and perky pair going for her. Other than that, she has a cute face and some cool-looking blue hair that makes sex with her absolutely wild. It’s like fucking Jinx from League of Legends. Anyway, that wasn’t the end of her surprise, however. Showing me her titties was only the beginning. She tells me to go upstairs to see my present. I get up there and I couldn’t believe my eyes. In the room, there’s a hot bitch wearing a sexy outfit, horny as hell and ready to fuck. My girlfriend tells me that she’s my surprise and that she’s supposed to do whatever I want her to do. I can’t believe that my girlfriend wants to see me having sex with another chick. I love the fact that she did it however so I certainly won’t hang up on her just yet. I tell the blonde bitch to come over and she gets down on her knees on the bed and starts sucking me off as soon as she pulls out my cock. All while that’s happening, my girlfriend is on the other end of the line and watching it while I’m filming it with the rear camera on my phone for her. “You like having your balls licked and stroked by this babe, don’t you?” I can’t believe it, but it seems that my girlfriend it getting turned on by me getting sucked off by another chick. Meanwhile the sexy blonde is bobbing her head up and down, slashing and swirling her tongue around my hard cock. I really hope that this becomes something that we do often. Eventually, she has to hang up and that’s the moment where I start going balls deep in this bitch’s mouth. But the thing that I certainly wasn’t expecting was for this twosome to become a threesome. But my luck kept coming in and my girlfriend shows up even though I wasn’t expecting her and joins in on the action.   This is the best threesome that I’ve ever had, and it’s all thanks to these two and their amazing ability to suck dick. Of course, I can’t just leave it at this and I think that I’m going to fuck these babes as well so I fuck them one by one and they even lick each other’s pussy while I do it. Who knew that my girlfriend could be into that kind of thing. Ahhhh man it feels fucking incredible as I watch the blonde bombshell ride my cock, her ass cheeks bouncing in unison to her motions. My girlfriend happily watches me with another woman. It turned on my girlfriend so much, she can’t wait any longer, she spreads her legs and I pound her from while the blonde rides her face, so hot! I think this was one of the best fuck sessions that I’ve ever had in my entire damn life. I instructe the naked girls to lie on top of each other in such a way that their pussies stacked one on top of the other. I wanted to fuck them both at the same time. I am about to live out my most desired fantasy, to pull my cock from one pussy and run it into another one. I start to alternate between the two wet cunts, mixing their juices together and finally add my cum to the mix.