We get it – work can be annoying. But if you’re working for a live weather broadcast, you might experience some benefits that other workplaces don’t have. For example, if your new news anchor is a sexy and busty babe, it will be pretty interesting to watch her. Your eyes aren’t on the high temperatures or cloud gradients – it’s on her perky ass nestled underneath her clingy skirt or on those round tits popped out of her blouse. When this gorgeous woman realized that she accidentally flashed the audience with her great nipple, she decided to go all the way with her colleague. Instead of making a fuss about it, she simply took her clothes off and invited her colleague for a little bit of suction. It is going to be really wet in the next ten minutes. And she is absolutely stunning. That gorgeous face and lips wrapped around your cock are every man’s dream. But, there’s something even better – sex on the table. Offices are usually dull, but sometimes you have to decorate your personal table with a huge ass, and you have to stick your cock in it as this guy did. And from then on, everything they did was just marvelous and passionate. From doggy style right next to the table to some good old ‘carry her and fuck her,’ which we’re sure everybody likes. Of course, in between, they tried many different things, like getting that pussy up in the air so the cock can reach even deeper parts. You can also see that cute little twat squeezing and begging for more, almost as if it’s saying that it won’t let that cock go until she gets to cum. And when you have a guy that’s this skilled, the orgasms are bound to happen, and this video is not an exception either. She is wifey material, sexy hair and mature body. That’s the way a women should be, a little fluffy and just one of those women you can’t stop looking at especially when she starts to sweat and her tanned body shines! So yeah, all in all, fuck that ‘I don’t date colleagues’ rule and get (it) down with your colleague because if you don’t, you might just regret it. 