This professor usually has no mercy towards his students, however, there’s this one girl who just might change his behavior in their favor. She comes up to his desk before the test starts and shows him a bit of her cleavage to get him interested in her. And with tits that huge, there’s no way that anyone can resist her, let alone a male teacher who is really horny and sexually frustrated because all these young girls around. It seems that today he’s going to have to be on the defensive when it comes to having sex since having sex with students is strictly prohibited by the school. The blonde cheerleader student gives him a paper and he’s not even remotely ready for what he’s about to see. It’s a picture of a close-up of her enormous tits. This teen slut wants his cock and she wants it bad. The teacher covers his pants to hide the boner that he immediately got and he went back to his duties while the students started the test. The blonde bimbo calls him over and he has no choice but to go and appease her. He gets to her and the young sexy blonde grabs his crotch pretty much instantaneously. He has no choice but to let her have her way with his cock. She pulls it out and starts sucking on it while doing the test at the same time. Just imagine a hot blonde cheerleader student kissing the head of your cock with her plump lips, gently stroking you cock with her hand and licking the tip with her tongue. And all this happens during the lesson with other students around. But that won’t be enough for the little slut. She lifts her skirt up and reveals that she has no panties on. All her teacher has to do is slip his huge cock inside of her and start fucking her from behind. She stands up to let him get inside her much easier and she braces for impact. She takes the opportunity to show how much of a teacher’s pet she can be. She’s willing to let him do anything to her – even in front of the whole class! He starts fucking her hard and she immediately has the urge to moan. The pleasure turns out to be too much for the blonde student and she lets out a little moan which is enough to alert every other student who then turns around and start filming the action.   Professor pretends that he’s just standing behind her, but it’s pretty obvious what is going on at the moment. They get filmed and the professor ends up canceling the test and tells everyone to go out. They film him on the way out and he already knows he’s in trouble so he says “fuck it” and keeps fucking the blonde bimbo. The babe has such an incredible body and beautiful face and voice. She is so plump and round. Her tits are so fucking nice! He hikes her college skirt up, spreads her legs, exposing her bald smooth pussy with her tiny pink petals peeking out of her soft young slit. He eagerly eats her pussy and his student purrs with pleasure. He fucks her hard and then feasts on her pussy again. Her pussy is just the best, her big tits are so fucking ripe, her face when he fucks her with his huge cock, fucking priceless, her sexy ass legs, they feel so good. I love watching his shaft spread her thick, puffy pussy lips. Her big tits are bouncing hard back and forth as they find a rhythm together. He gets her in so many positions because he knows that he’s getting fired for sure. So he wants to use the situation as best as he possibly can and to the fullest extent. The blonde slut surprises him by holding her boobs around his cock while sucking on it. These young girls are damn good cocksuckers! Professor knows she is a slut and she definitely will drain his balls. He wants to cover her pretty face with his sperm and watch it drip down. He fucks her so well that she’ll probably keep meeting with him outside the school. Watch this video and I’m sure in just a few minutes so much cock juice will be exploded on to ceilings of almost every household in America.