When the famous surfer responded to their DM and invited them to his home in California, these two gorgeous girls didn’t hesitate. It’s not only that he is the best at what he does, but he is also handsome. Now, the girlfriends want to check one last thing, and that is what he has in his pants. Once they met, they don’t waste time. You can see these horny brunettes on their knees as they suck his thing. As the teens deepthroat and lick his balls, his shaft grows to an impressive size. It seems like this guy has it all! Once he is rock hard, it’s time for him to test their pussies. A threesome is something that these young sluts enjoy regularly, so they know what to do. As one is riding his boner, the other is here to kiss her but also play rough, grabbing her throat. The teens like brutal sex, and luckily, this surfer dude knows how to satisfy them. The young naked girls switch all the time, so when that lil’ Brazilian badass is taking it balls deep, her girlfriend rims her asshole and even pulls a cock out of her snatch to taste her juices. I love this latina babe and her great ass, little Brazilian Goddess and her girlfriend has an absolutely knockout body with adorable fucking dimples. There is nothing better for them as their limits have been tested like never before. It is so fuckin’ hot to watch these sluts ride his massive tool. They have the extremely sexy bodies of beautiful young women. Their tits are perfect in size and shape, their hips and firm asses are softly rounded and their cute hairy pussies is a dream for any man and women, those sweet bushes really are appetizing. This guy is in top condition, as he can handle both of the girls like it’s the most natural thing in the world. Now they wish he could be around all the time, as it’s not easy to find a man who can give them what they want. As their screams fill the room, a pair of naked girls are ready for the big finish. Surfer’s cum covers their pretty faces and makes them smile. They’ll have to head back home in a few days, but until then, they will use the time to fuck his brains out! 