If you’re a lady, and you bring a guy home on the first date, know what to expect. You’re going to get pounded. But this teenage girl handled this pretty well. First, she got down on her knees and sucked that cock like all those sluts she had seen in porn. The young girl was twisting her sweet little tongue around the head, while also swallowing it, proving that she knows what she’s doing. When you see a girl on her knees putting in the effort, then you know that she’s a real vixen. After sucking it for the first time, she was ready to tease him a little bit by pulling up her skirt, pulling her white panties down to her knee high socks and playing with her fantastic and pink little cunt in front of him. Then, she got on the bed once again and sucked the guy off for a little bit more, to lube him up and to prepare herself for the pounding that is about to occur. I can only imagine how tight her young hole is. The teens started with some sweet, but gentle riding, making this seem like an 80’s French porn movie or something. This sexy teen can suck his cock both with her mouth and with her pussy, what a view! She kept his captured cock in her pulsating pussy walls and slid forward and backwards, then moving her young body up and down his cock. But that didn’t last long, since that riding slowly turned into a bit more aggressive thing. The guy grabbed her small but round cheeks and fucked her senseless while holding them. The girl was making hot faces while moaning with her cute high-pitched voice. That’s when she let the hoe inside of her come out since she was ready to switch to missionary style. The full length of his throbbing cock glided in and out her little pussy causing his balls to pound against her anus. His hips slapped noisily against her cunt as his swollen, throbbing cock steadily plunged in and out of her tight, slippery cunt. The teens both had fat and satisfying orgasm. If you’re asking me, after all of this, there’s definitely going to be a second date. 