I just moved to the city, and I still have problems getting around. I jumped in my car last weekend as I wanted to visit the local shopping mall. Only 20 minutes later, I had no idea where I am. Just as I was thinking, what should I do, my luck turned around. I saw this beautiful young busty babe passing by my vehicle. She looked barely legal, but her tits were massive, as they almost jumped out of her shirt. This is my favorite type of women, as she is not only skin and bones, and now I had a perfect excuse to stop her and ask a question. I couldn’t control myself, so as she gave me instructions, I pulled out my dick and started stroking it. While most girls would run away and call me perverted, I knew this young brunette was different. She asked if she could touch my shaft, impressed by its size. A shiver went through me when her soft hands touched my throbbing cock for the first time, she did it ever so gently leaving me wanting for more. She pulled her big tits out and shook them in his face. I have never seen more beautiful all natural tits! Her tits were so fucking nice. Big, squeezable and her nipples were getting harder by the minute. Sexy teen quickly looked around to make sure there was no one else around and got into my car. She didn’t waste any time, giving me a blowjob. Wrapping her sweet lips around the head, she started kissing my cock not forgetting to give my balls some attention. It’s hard to describe what I felt at this moment, or the happiness I felt. Still, sex in the car is not the best idea, as it limits your moves. Thankfully, she invited me inside, and in seconds, the young busty girl was butt naked. The size of her breasts is impressive, but the same goes for ass. Immediately we formed sixty-nine, so while I was licking her pussy and playing with her asshole, she sucked my dick like possessed. Feeling her soft tits against my stomach and her hairy pubis against my chest was pure heaven.   Girl was so cock hungry that I knew I have to start fucking her. It didn’t take long for her to start riding me cowgirl style, while I was grabbing her massive tits. They are so hard to resist, and I could already see myself cumming on them. Though, I also knew I’d have to drain my balls to cover them the proper way. What I love about this girl is her enthusiasm. Even when she is gagging on my dick, she still has a smile on her face and begs for more. You can’t stop her until the moment you cum. She was using her juggs to stimulate my shaft before riding me reverse cowgirl style as her screams and moans filled the room. She was giving her best to please me, as I enjoyed watching my boner sliding in her pussy. When I started banging her doggy style, that’s when I felt I have full control of the situation. Not like this young slut was having any problem with that, as long as continued penetrating her like a madman. Her big fat ass was bouncing and her boobs were swaying as I thrust more and more of my hard cock into her pink cunt. We were all sweaty, and when I was about to cum, she turned out, picking up her tits with a tongue out, ready to taste my semen and have it on her tits. Of course, I picked her number, and I’m going to see her again today. I’ll be banging her wildly knowing that this nympho will always be up for more.