Beautiful young babe in the back of a car when the guy joined her for an UberPool ride. He started a general conversation with her, looking at her petite, exotic, tanned body and her skimpy outfit. The conversation quickly turned naughty when she mentioned she was supposed to get some dick but the other guy bailed on her. Losing her mind with horniness, a slut started fondling the driver when both he and the guy in the backseat stopped her. Still eager for some naughty action she revealed not wearing a bra and showed her perfect, perky tits beneath her tiny jacked just as she was reaching for the guy’s pants. Not complaining, he let her pull his already hard cock out and take it in her mouth. The sexy girl immediately started passionately slobbering all over it right in the back seat of the taxi. She held his balls with her hand as she was swallowing more and more of his shaft, going as deep as possible. They were soon interrupted as the ride was over but, since both of them were nowhere near ready to stop, he brought her to his house nearby where they continued the show. Just as they entered, sexy babe lied on the sofa and spread her legs for him to lick her tight pussy. Her tiny nipples turned rock hard and her black pussy started dripping as she was enjoying his tongue pleasuring her all over. It didn’t take long for the situation to escalate as both of them couldn’t hold it in anymore. He took right there, as beautiful Ebony naked girl was lying on her back with her slim legs spread far and wide, and started drilling her balls deep right off the bat. Her soft moans immediately turned into screams of pleasure as her insides were being stretched by his massive boner and she kept pushing her soft cunt towards him, wanting to feel him even deeper and harder.   After that hardcore pounding session, they wanted to change positions but she first took his dick back in her mouth. This time she was going even deeper, deepthroating the whole length of his white cock, choking on it and feeling her pussy juice and saliva mix with his precum all over his boner. Having made his cock even more wet and slippery, naked girl straddled him in cowgirl position and started impaling herself all the way down. Her petite, skinny body turned him on even more so he had to take the initiative by grabbing her and hammering her tight snatch as hard as possible. Exotic teenie loved being on top of him and kept turning around, switching, trying to feel him stretching her pussy from every angle possible. She keeps screaming with pleasure, telling how much she likes feeling his balls slapping against her. From there on out they only kept picking up the pace and trying out more demanding and unusual positions. He fucked her from behind while standing, making her cum hard and squirt immensely before bringing her back onto the couch to drill her relentlessly until he finally reached his edge and sprayed her small body full of thick, white cum.