You see, nobody’s lucky strike lasts forever. This fella, who we don’t see at all in this video, had a gorgeous wife and a stunning lover. Both of these galls are wonderful, and their bodies look like they were made in heaven. But, when this guy’s lover dressed in black sexy lingerie and stockings was waiting for him in his home, the wife suddenly appeared. After getting into a subtle catfight, the mistress knew what to do. She let the wife punish her, and she knew exactly how she was going to do it. It all started with some sweet making out, and some good titty groping. You can see their passion and their chemistry perfectly, and the tension was so thick that you could cut it with a knife. After that, the girls went to some nipple sucking, slowly making their way down there. Since the mistress was at fault here, she was the first one to eat the wife’s snatch, and she did it well. Slowly, but surely moving her tongue all the way to the asshole, tickling it subtly, just to make the wife feel the pleasure, but not quite giving it to her how she wants. That made the wife forget all about the affair! And all about the punishment, and she fully joined the action. And by that, I mean she was in it for fun, not because her husband did something wrong. Of course, after that, a lot of pussy licking and facesitting occurred, and it was the best thing ever. You can see both of the naked girls losing their breath while they’re suffocating in the smell and juices of their beautiful cunts and bum-bums. The wife continued to fuck her husband’s mistress face, riding back and forth with her sweet pussy lips rubbing on her wet lips, twerking her perfect ass and covering her face with her juices. The lesbians crossed their legs over each other’s and shoved their pussies together in a scissoring position. They ground into each other, rubbing their twats together, moaning and squealing. I have no idea how this fella managed to smooth things out, but since positivity is important, let’s imagine them in a beautiful love triangle from now on, making love and having fun every day. I love lesbian porn and Brazzers gives the best scenes! 