Local news anchor Kira Noir gives the top stories for the area in her daily news report at 11. There is a pervert that is lingering around that area and targeting lone females who are walking around. Public sex has always sounded extremely exciting for her. Many people would call her crazy, but the idea of being raped really has turned her on. The idea of being taken by a stranger is incredibly hot! One of her favorite sex fantasies. The woman doesn’t waste a chance to be fucked and decides to find this maniac and enjoy her first dogging session. Sexy black babe is roaming around the local park until she finds that guy. She is almost trembling with excitement at the idea of letting some guy fuck her in the public park in the middle of the day. She can feel her panties getting more and more damp. The pervert doesn’t lose time and presents a present, his cock in front of her face. The feeling that they could be caught and jailed for lewd behavior excites them, but also makes them act fast. There is no time for soft kisses and dick stroking. In a minute, the news anchor and her lover are naked as she already sucks him. Her tongue is working hard as she is trying to fit his shaft down her throat. When she feels used, that’s when her pussy juices start running wild! When he came to the park, this woman wasn’t his first choice, but now he sees that he was wrong there. She is a real slut. She loves being dominated, and he is the type that loves treating her like she is a sex toy. She gives him one rough, sloppy blowjob, gagging and drooling, choking and spitting on herself and his cock. The horny young woman can’t wait anymore, the naked girl sticks her gorgeous ass high in the air and pulls her soaked panties aside for him. The pervert plunges into her cunt with one thrust, hearing her moan like a whore, going deeper than anything she’d felt before in her sex life. Pounding her snatch doggy style, he takes her to her limits, leaving her almost out of breath at times. He only stops when he wants to change a position and check her abilities.   The girl doesn’t disappoint, as she knows how to ride him! But there are a few tricks in this guy’s sleeves, like when he turns the naked girl upside down, pounding her that way. This is something new for her, so it’s no wonder that she feels like she is going out of her mind. The girl has cuffs on her hands, knowing that he is the boss who’ll do whatever he wants. Reduced to the status of a cheap whore, she can’t think straight, as her only mission is to cum as many times as she can. Going back into sixty-nine gives her a chance to suck his shaft and taste her pussy juices. Her face is a mess, covered in saliva, but that is what makes her horny. For her, sex is good only when it’s rough and dirty. Her many can’t do it in any other way, anyway. At this point, they wouldn’t stop even if someone saw them. This public sex session needs to end up in a perfect way, and no one will spoil that. No one fucked her like that before, and as sexy black babe cums again, she feels she’ll be rewarded with a massive amount of cum. As she goes back to her knees, her lover makes her open her mouth wide and stick her tongue, as his sticky semen goes straight into her mouth. Local news anchor looks so happy, knowing that she drained his balls.