It seems that my sister has missed the school bus today. God, she’s so fucking lazy at times. Things like this do not surprise me all that much. I’m sleeping on the couch naked, and all that, and this young woman has the audacity to wake me the fuck up on the spot just because she wants to head out to school? My hot blonde sister pulls off the covers, revealing my huge boner. She laughs at me first but is intrigued by how big it is. Seeing as I’m naked, I might as well…make her have sex with me? That’s what every single dude in the pornos does, so why don’t I try my look? The brother-sister dynamic sometimes does seem to be a tad bit sexual, so it seems that the odds are in my favor. I don’t remember Freud ever talking about things like this…but maybe I will contribute to the man’s writing. She’s already touching me…and yeah, my cock’s in her face. Damn, she’s even dirtier than I am. I’ve put in quite a bit of thought into this, and she’s just jumping me like this? Damn…I never knew my sis was such a slut. Now…she is grabbing my cock, and yeah, it’s definitively game over right now, she’s putting it into her mouth. God, it feels so good when she bobs her head up and down. I hope I don’t cum way too soon. She’s staring at me directly in the eyes, that’s just so cute! I can’t help it. I explode in her mouth, and she loves it. I see her swallows it, and she lets out an “Ahhh!” A couple days later, my stepsis is distressed because her no good boyfriend cheated on her with some other girl. To get back at him, she decides to bone me. She whips out her giant natural titties in front of me and lets me play with her pink nipples. My sister has got gorgeous, shapely, full-sized breasts. She has big, natural, and shapely tits that any man would love to see, touch, feel, fondle, and suck. She has a shapely body and big boobs that any 18 year old teenage girl would be proud to have. She’s getting on top; my pants are off. Well, she is already sliding it into her tight little pussy and all that, it’s not like I’m going to try and resist this.   Right now, I’m letting my sister do all of the work, though I do plan on wrapping my arms around her hips and fucking her real fast. Yeah, it’s about time that I did that. My hips are smacking against her perfect ass so hard right now. My naked sister is moaning and screaming and loving the hell out of what I am doing right now. She is switching the cowgirl position she’s in right now a little bit…but she’s still trying to do the most. I’m moving my hips real quick once again. Yeah, she’s loving it. Now that I’ve forced her on the bed I can hit it from the back as hard as I want to. Now, I’ll even make her lay down on her back as I fuck her. My sexy stepsister loves being handled by me like this, that’s for sure. I pound her hard and fast, delighting in seeing her big tits bounce all over. It is so incredible. Oh god, I’m gonna cum! Better pull out! There we go…it’s all over her fucking face right now. I am aiming for the titties too. My hot naked sister moans in surprise, and I keep cumming, hitting her amazing tits with shot after thick shot. Later, my sis is chilling on her phone when I show her report card. She does not want her mom finding out that she has bad grades, so she is willing to do anything to make me keep my mouth shut. So she turns around and pops her tight pussy. You can fuck me, she tells me, pushing her amazing ass onto my cock.