You see, this hot teen babe is a literal gift from God to the porn industry, and she’s proven that many times by now. And this time is not an exception either. For some reason, bitchy roles suit her the best. Especially if she’s roleplaying a high school cheerleader or something similar, which is what happens in this particular video. Listen up you fuckin’ NERDS. If you haven’t heard, Abella and her man OWN the RK University. They are literal kings and queens on campus, and no fucking dweeb, exam, or professor are going to get in the way. Teen girls love jocks, especially those big black ones that play rugby and have monstrous cocks. So, when her jock boyfriend was heading for the game, she was ready to cheer for him and to get nicely fucked by him afterward. Is this little pissant really eyeing her man eat? She thinks she can go home and hide behind her books, flicking her precious little bean to the thought of his black cock and his cum splattering over her face? Nope. Not on Abella’s campus. And, when the game ended, the teen slut once again waited for him in the locker room, ready to fuck him like a mad animal. Imagine that giant dark chocolate cock deep inside that small pussy. That cunt must be throbbing from just the tip, let alone the whole dick. Of course, to prepare for that, first, she has to service it with her mouth. And Abella is an excellent potential, so she was able to fit it inside her little throat correctly. That prepared her nicely, so when the sex began, she was already wet and horny and ready. Ready to take that BBC right inside of her. And as she was getting pounded, she was also pressed against the lockers. So just imagine the sex sounds that came from that too. All in all, this is a fantastic video where you can correctly see what happens when a sexy cheerleader with a tight little cunt to seduce a huge black cock. Girls today are crazy, and this video is a testimony to that. They will do anything to get their hands, mouths, titties, and cute little snatches on that cock. Because what’s a life without a bit of pleasure, right? 