Hi guys, have you ever thought about watching your girlfriend / wife being fucked by another man? This guy had some perverted fantasies about watching her girlfriend having sex with another man, sucking someone’s cock, wiping some guy’s sperm off her cute face and he finally decided to become a cuckold. As he was quietly sitting there, his buddy was licking his blonde girlfriend’s shaven pussy, and enjoying it. And much to this cuck’s embarrassment, she was enjoying it too. You can hear her instantly moan from pleasure, as she realizes that this guy is much better than her boyfriend. Of course, the buddy meant serious business, so he just got up and stuck his big cock right inside of her teen pussy. Since he has a big cock, she was all crazy about it, twitching and spasming around the place as he was pounding her. After that, the teen girl sucked his cock for a little bit, gulping it all the way down, like she’s trying to prove to him that she’s a good whore. And remember, all while her boyfriend is there, watching. Maybe it added to the element, but after the blowjob, these two were even crazier. Cock-riding, cowgirl, reverse cowgirl, missionary, doggy… There’s not a single pose that they haven’t tried, all while panting and moving around, since the pleasure was so intense. The naked girl is now literally screaming, the dude is grunting, their hot and sweaty bodies are pressed against each other. And the cuck didn’t even seem to mind, he was totally into it, watching his girlfriend and his best friend getting their worlds rocked. I have no idea what’s going to happen after this video, but this girl will definitely want more of this. You see, girls are attracted to good lovers, so unless you want your girlfriend to demand that you watch her fuck with another dude, you better practice. Otherwise, you’ll end up like this poor dude, watching as your girlfriend’s blushing face is twitching, and her eyes are rolling in the back of her skull. All because of pleasure from another cock. 