Parties are such a weird thing. Everyone’s dancing around, and people are half-naked, drugs and alcohol are always there, without exception. You know, just the usual. Not everyone can get into this club but if you have an ass like Lela Star’s then you can make your own rules. Just a little sucky fucky and she can skip the line. The bitch slowly got down on her knees, took security guard’s cock out of his pants, and immediately started drooling all over it and sucking it paying no attention to the girls standing nearby. Of course, it wasn’t that hardcore right at the beginning, but she was getting started. From some sloppy blowjob, all the way to a brutal deepthroat, where you can see her gagging, and her eyes rolling, all while that dick is filling her whole throat. And it was beautiful because she has a pair of enormous lips that are guaranteed to please any man. The security guard can’t believe what is happening. She is fucking phenomenal. She is the ultimate fuckdoll bimbo! After that, it was the time for them to move farther from the entrance, so they went to where everyone else is and laid down right in the middle of the dance floor. That’s where the girl continued to suck him off and he licked her pussy in return. And it was impressive. His tongue was rolling around on her tight and wet cunt, and you can see her feet spasming from the pleasure that she was receiving. This got her even hornier, so the hot babe was ready to bounce on his dick. You know, just like her girlfriends were jumping on the dance floor. The dude laid back and watch as this crazy slut lowered her huge ass onto his cock. That’s when you can see her giant, but still gorgeous, ass bouncing up and down. You can also hear her scream while getting fucked, and that’s how you know that she loves the treatment. He loves her bimbo look so much.   It looks like that fucking brought her more fun than VIP ever could, right? She’s got the biggest ass he has ever seen! Watching her incredible, fat, juicy, big, round ass bounce and jiggle as she rode him was amazing! Then it was a missionary position, he slammed his hard cock into her as deep as he could and arched his back as you could tell he was about to splash the inside of her cunt. Her boobs were bouncing all over the place, it was a total turn on. But that wasn’t the end of it! After that, the babe turned around and started shaking her little pussy and moving it around, to feel that cock even better and to make it more fun and engaging experience. If you pay attention, you can also see her tight little cunt squeezing around this anaconda of a cock, like it’s trying to swallow it whole. Of course, that made them transition into doggy style, which is the hottest pose ever. And if a girl has an ass this great, you can also get a beautiful view of two hot cheeks clapping, so if you’re into that, then you’ll love this. All in all, if more girls were willing to provide this kind of service for the VIP, then the world would be a better place.