Lately, he’s been having problem studying. He is having troubles finding motivation, and that is a problem because the exams are coming soon. Luckily, his gorgeous nerdy roommate is here to help him. What is even better is her promise that after every correct answer, she will remove a piece of her clothes. Young brunette keeps her word, so when he guesses a few questions in a row, she genuinely feels excited. He is a good looking guy, but now he also proved how smart he is. As she removes her shirt to reveal her massive boobs, it’s evident that their studying will hit the pause. She has the loveliest body, she is just perfect and she has a pair of the most beautiful boobs you have ever seen. Her tits are so massive and firm it is hard to believe these boobs are natural. They’ve been roommates for months, and the sexual tension was always in the air, but now is the perfect time for them to do something about it. Young babe doesn’t waste any time, so in seconds, her hands are already in his pants. Combining a handjob and a blowjob, nerdy college student makes her lover hard like never before. She is taking pleasure trying to fit his shaft deep inside of her mouth, taking her time. There is no one around, and she waited too long for this moment to happen. Once she is satisfied with the size and stiffness of his dick, it’s time for him to nail her pussy. The sexy teen pulls her pink panties aside and lowers her trimmed snatch onto his cock. She moves her cunt up and down onto his long, hard rod. He is having the best view in the world as giant melons are bouncing wild as she rides him while moaning non-stop. Judging by it, someone could think that this nerdy girl doesn’t have a lot of experience, but that is far from the truth. As self-confessed nympho, she has been fucking guys since high school, but this different. She wants to prove her worth and is doing it the right way as he pounds her hairy pussy missionary style.   Her amazing big tits are wobbling back and forth on her chest as she is being fucked hard. She is in love with him, and they finally have sex and it is the best sex she has ever had. The chemistry between them is so nice that the girl even squirts as he continues to penetrate her hairy pussy. This is the kind of fuck she needed, and now she hopes it won’t end until they both are out of breath. Nerdy busty babe loves it when her guy is slapping her backside and sucking on her big tits, making her go crazy. He is already balls deep inside of her, testing her limits as no man did before. There are boundaries here, as he grabs her big boobs while she rides him reverse cowgirl style, as her pink panties are still on. He’s reaching around her and grabbing her gorgeous tits, pinching, squeezing, and pulling her tits in every direction, she screams in ecstasy. Only for a minute, she decides to give him a head before letting him invade her snatch for the final time. She feels that he is about to cum, and goes back to her needs, encouraging him to shoot his load on her face. And this load covers her face and her big tits too, making a mess of her. She feels happiness and pride, but best of all, the busty girl knows they will do again! She’s a dream, gorgeous boobs, nice ass, pretty face, and she loves sex so much!