So I’m just chilling with this adorable south-Asian lass, and she suddenly starts flirting with me. I always thought that we were only meant to be friends, but it seemed to me that she knew that I was pretty curious about her petite body. In the end, she wasn’t really wrong, as after playing around in the pool for a while, I found my head between her legs I sucked on her clit and licked up on the skin that’s surrounding her pussy only to make sure that I am teasing as much as possible. I mean, if she managed to tease me for all this time while giving me mixed signals, it is obvious that she deserves this kind of treatment while I’m performing oral sex on her! Her pussy is shaved smooth and looks like a tight little peach. Licking her young pussy is so good. My tongue touches her clit and I can feel her shiver. After this, the tiny girl gets on her knees, she opens her eyes to see my huge cock in her face and she opens her mouth in surprise! Her grabs it with her small hand and starts sucking me off, but the girl is having tons and tons of trouble when it comes to fitting my meat inside of her lil mouth, so we decide to turn it up a bit. After all, a throat can not stretch to make sure that your partner’s member fits inside of it, but a pussy can do that for sure. So, the young naked girl gets on top of me and lowers her pussy onto my cock. The feeling of my cock sliding deep into a soaked tight pussy is always amazing. Tiny girl starts riding my cock nice and slow. Of course, she struggles to take that thing inside of her tight little hole, but after a while, she gets used to it and goes absolutely insane on my thick meat rod. While we started this entire thing off in reverse cowgirl, we decide that it’s best to do this in the regular cowgirl position. She bounces her pussy on my dick like insane and moans as the rod penetrates her tight little hole. After this, it’s time for some doggy style action. My cock aches as this petite naked girl positions her cute little ass in front of me. She bends over and arches her back for me while I hold onto her left arm for support. I penetrate her tiny pussy nice and deep and make her moan from all the pleasure she’s receiving. My massive cock fills her entire hole up, and I am struggling to fit the entire thing inside of her. By the time I have finished cumming, her cute face is covered in white streamers of cum. 