Everyone knows that things tend to get pretty fucking weird at gender-segregated colleges, and all these places where interacting with the other gender is some sort of taboo. Whoever sent their daughters to these schools obviously wanted them to be lesbians or something like that. Well, once these two girls get some alone time on the couch after their first day of college, they start feeling each other up, and obviously, one thing leds to another, and the teen babe whips her huge titties out after getting kissed for a while. This progresses quickly and soon two girls are taking off their amazing schoolgirl outfits and worshiping each other’s perfect, fit, young bodies! The other girl starts sucking on her lover’s titties, too. However, this kind of oral sex is not enough to please the girls. Obviously, their skirts are lifted soon enough, and the busty girl spreads the other girl’s cheeks and starts kissing the tight wet slit that’s right in front of her face. Her mouth immediately attaches to her moist pussy, her tongue darting into her slit. She hears her roommate’s moan as her lips begin to work on the engorged fleshy lips of her pussy. While eating pussy from the back is pretty entertaining for this girl, she decides to do it from the front after a while. Her roommate moans as her clit gets licked on pretty nicely. She is sopping wet. Eye contact is never really broken during this entire sexual encounter, and that’s how it is made clear that both of these girls are into each other. They keep licking and sucking onto each other’s clit, lapping up each other pussy juices with their tongues. One after the other the naked girls ride each other faces, cumming, grinding their wet pussies onto their faces, screaming and cumming. Then two naked girls get into position, scissoring their legs so that they can press their pussies together. Their clits are hard and swollen now, sticking out between their pussy lips. The girls moving, rubbing, grinding their pussies against each other.  