These two girls hang out with their dads by the pool, and it seems that both of these chicks have a thing for older men. So, these two dads have a little talk with each other, they want to fuck each others daughters, so they decide that it is time for them to get laid. The girls don’t mind to swap their dads and pop their teen pussies for their hard man meat. They pull off the swimming shorts on these old lads and start sucking them off at the same time. Obviously, this kind of thing is pretty unexpected, but it seems that both of these lads knew that their daughters are huge sluts. The girls take turns sucking on those big, long shafts and taking them all the way down their throat, licking up on the balls, too. Their daughters want to show that they are already women and can satisfy a man. Both of these young girls are fully naked and they have their carpets all trimmed and ready for sex. The redhead girl gets bent over on the couch and starts moaning as her tight cunt is getting filled up, while her friend is getting her tight hole licked out by her daddy. Two naked girls moan as they get their young slits pounded by the old men. After this kind of sex, the girls decide to switch their places out a little bit. The girl on the right is the one getting drilled right now, while the other one is having her pussy licked. While they get those tight holes worked, they squeeze on each other’s titties for comfort. Now, the dude on the left decides to put his dong inside of the pussy that’s right in front of him. Now, both naked girls are getting their tight holes filled up nice and deep. At this point, it’s time for the girl at the right to take up the majority of the shot while she’s getting drilled, but after a while, the lass at the left gets some attention as well. The camera lets us see her old man eating up on that tight little pussy. After a while, the camera operator backs up and allows us to see both of these girls getting their holes worked nice and deep by these mature dudes. Each man pounds into his buddy’s daughter, watching the delicious pussy clenches around his cock at every thrust. The naked girls cum one after another, having multiple orgasms.   Both young naked girls are getting towards an orgasm. They moan, whimper, and groan as their holes get fucked by their horny daddies. While the dude on the left decides to come through with some very basic pounding, his buddy on the right uses his thumb on the girl’s pussy and rubs on her clit. This makes the girl go absolutely insane from the sensations, and this man knows it very well. Once he switches to plain pounding he makes sure that he goes in very fast. Now, after a while, we finally get to see a brand new position. The girl on the right puts her pussy on the brunette’s face while she sucks her partner off. The girl with the pussy on her face is also getting her tight little hole licked out. Sometimes, the rubs on this little pussy, but she also licks up on it time from time. As she’s licking the hole, her partner decides to put his dick inside of her. Soon, both girls are shamelessly grinding their pussies together. Watch these two young naked girls bounce up and down on their dad’s dicks in euphoric delight. They make out passionately as they ride and enjoy fucking each others dads in the summer heat. At the end the girls open their mouths like baby birds in the nest when their dads shoot cum in their mouths together.