This cutie walked around in the streets, heading from door to door, raising money so her college choir could go to the regional championships. Of course, while I had no intention of having sex with this young woman, she was so persuasive that I just had to let her suck on my balls and my cock. I was completely naked on the bed with my legs all up in the fucking air, which was crazy and the college girl started teasing my cock with her tongue, licking my balls, swallowing my rod! Babe was pretty submissive for someone who insisted that I take on such a “passive” sexual position for a man. I got my dick cleaned from the tip to the sack and it was amazing, my wife has never done it to me. After getting my genitals slobbered on, I pulled those white panties of hers down. I found my face between this woman’s ass cheeks and started lubing those tight little holes up with my tongue. I had to put my arms around her waist to hold her in a kneeling position on the sofa from all the squirming she was doing as my tongue explored her sensitive asshole. The scent was intense, feminine, and quite clean. While most people do not focus on their sense of smell while they do this kind of thing, I believe that they just might be missing out on a lot of stuff. My cock got super hard while I was eating that big booty, I even started wanking it, and that’s not something that I usually do. Her tight anus beckoned my attention, I started shoving my finger inside of this babe’s tight little ass hole. “Oh fuck, yes. Please, put you cock in me! I need to feel you cock in my pussy!” pushing her ass high in the air, her young cunt aching with desire. I pushed my cock inside of her pussy. So basically, I just went along with the regular protocol when I have sex.   I drilled her for a while from the back and assumed that this girl was not capable of staying passive for all this time, and I was right. She got on top of me after a while and started riding my cock. That big fat booty smacked against my thighs and hips. To be quite honest, I really loved the sensation. I spanked her while she bounced. After she got off, I started making out with her and sucking on her cute little titties. Then, it was time for me to start drilling that tight little pussy all over again. The missionary position was what I chose, and once I started pounding, I decided to stick to fucking the same way for quite some time. Holding her slim, young body with both hands I fucked her harder and faster, slamming his cock into her. I made sure to ruin her inner walls quite a bit, and it seems that my lover was quite grateful that I did this. I picked up the pace and forced the naughty college girl to put her legs behind her head. I grabbed onto her throat and pinned her down. Then, I found this little slut climbing on top of me yet again and riding my big fat dick. She pulled out the envelope with the cash which she raised and threw it all over the room. I guess it gave her a special type of high. The hot naked girl kept slamming her cunt onto my cock “I want you to cum in my mouth!” she yelled. These girls are not as innocent as they want to seem. There are two sides to every woman – the good and the naughty and you won’t believe what these young naked girls can do with huge cocks!