It was fascinating when I found out that my hot twin stepsisters are moving to our house, but since then, they only gave me troubles. The girls might be looking sweet and innocent, but the truth is much different. One of them came to me today and confessed that she was caught running a red light! She begged me to give her money so she could pay the fine, and knowing how desperate she is, I told her I’d help her if she sucks my dick. I was sure she would never do it, but she proved me wrong. Wasting no time, a little slut was already handling my cock, and I was shocked. I have to say; she gave me one of the best blowjobs I’ve ever had. And just when I was ready to squirt into her mouth, her stepsister ran in, and cock blocked me. I was frustrated, but also intrigued, as now I was finding a way to fuck at least one of them. At night I sneaked into their bedroom and found the sisters sleeping on the bed. I wanted to finish what we started with Joey but that’s when I realized that I always mixed them up! Which one was Joey? They both slept on their stomach, their gorgeous round asses sticking up slightly. Fortunately I woke Joey up and her twin sister Sami was still sleeping. We returned to my room, she got on her knees and spread her amazing big bubble ass with both hands for me. I slid into her with one thrust and she pushed her fat ass onto me and drew me in even deeper. As I fucked the stepsister, the other twin entered the room! I thought she would tell her mom but she just got naked too and joined her sister, guzzling some of her stepbrothers hot cum. You know, handling two naked girls at the same time is not an easy task, but the adrenaline rush is so massive that I was sure I could do it. Watching the twin sisters sucking my dick was amazing, but it was even better as I banged one while the other one was patiently waiting for her turn. I guess this is not their first threesome! I love it how their fat assess bounce as I nailed the naked girls doggy style or those small tits that make them look even younger. No wonder I shot the biggest load in my life, good enough to cover both of their faces as we all knew this would become a family tradition. 