Three stunning, young, college girls were in their bedroom, having fun braiding each other’s hair and talking about guys. The girls were discussing how they were going to remain pure and innocent, even through college. Dazzling blonde with glasses teased two brunettes for not even having kissed a guy yet, but then said how she plans to remain a virgin until she finds a perfect guy. At that moment, her brother came into their room interrupting them and calling her out, leaving her friends alone. “No, it’s not what you think! Let me reassure you with my luscious soft wet lips slipping my tongue into your mouth. Do you forgive me baby?” The girls started talking about how they are only horny for each other and the situation quickly escalated with them scissoring even while clothed. The dude saw them spying through the door before his sister came back interrupting the show. But her body betrays this teen slut. Her salivate just thinking about her friend’s brother’s throbbing cock. Still hot and horny, one girl left to go to the bathroom but went straight to his bedroom instead. Her friend’s brother was jerking off in his room. Stunned by his massive cock, she slowly undressed while watching and approached him while he was still in his own world, jerking off with his eyes closed. When horny brunette placed her tongue on the tip of his dick she startled him but then quickly persuaded him into taking her virginity. He didn’t resist at all and naked girl was soon slobbering all over his massive shaft. After giving him an amazing, wet and sloppy blowjob, she mounted him and sat on his face, grinding her pussy back and forth over his face. While she rode him passionately, feeling his tongue licking her soft, tight pussy all over, her lesbian girlfriend came into the room and saw them! Angry at first at the sight of her girl riding another man’s tongue, she soon calmed down and undressed quietly, hopping onto the bed with them. Still unaware of the fact that another girl was in the room with the two of them, the guy kept licking one brunette’s pussy before being surprised with the other one mounting him placing the tip of his cock at her wet cunt!!!   Jealous of her girlfriend going behind her back with another guy, she started riding him balls deep, telling her both of them were going to lose their virginities this way. Get comfortable and watch these two naked girls riding his face and his cock together. Their titties bounced enticingly as they fucked him as hard as they could. One of the girls came onto his cock when the other one filled his mouth with her juices. At one point his siter busted in catching them, but they sent her away and kept fucking. Two inexperienced young naked girls acted like complete sluts, making up for all the time wasted not having sex. They went on to give him an amazing double blowjob while also kissing each other during breaks before continuing to ride his fat rod. While one was on his cock the other kept fondling her or riding his tongue. They even tried more exotic positions, with two naked girls climbing on top of one another and having him fuck one at the time. Both girls came multiple times, partly from being fucked partly from having all kinds of naughty and kinky fun with the other girl before he finally reached his edge and sprayed the girls with his hot load. The naked girls kept scissoring rubbing their wet cunts against each other and cum kissing at the same time.