Antonella is an exchange student with an insatiable appetite for sex, and school counselor is tasked with trying to lay down the law and keep her under control! She is being very inappropriate with the other students in front of the teachers. She is used to teasing the boys and manipulating her teachers for whatever she wants. With a body like that it’s not a problem. Just take a look at her big tits! All this hot teen babe needs to do is spread her legs flashing her penties, or even better, pull her panties aside to expose her pussy burger. This behavior is inappropriate in this elite institution. But this hot Latina babe doesn’t understand why everyone is so afraid of sex in her new country. The school counselor soon finds out exactly what Antonella means when she seduces him in his office! He can’t believe his eyes when this babe first pops her amazing boobs out of her top, then gets onto his desk, turns over, hikes her plaid skirt up so that her gorgeous, big bubble ass is right in front of his face. That view is enough to make his cock throbbing! She is absolutely breathtaking! And it’s true, it looks like her appetite for sex, and especially for sex with mature men, is voracious. He can’t help spreading her buttocks apart with his both hands and burying his face between right there. Her wet hot pussy scent is overwhelming. He starts kissing her ass, licking her ass crack, going up and down, licking a line from her pussy to her asshole and back. Her pussy juice is delicious. The hot babe pushes her big ass closer to him for his licking and sucking pleasure. This slut knows how to use her beautiful hot body to drive a man into an almost berserk, lust-crazed state. He begins kissing eagerly all over her gorgeous tits, licking them and sucking on her nipples, squeezing them slightly. He loves that breasts! This naughty student begins to beg for his cock in her mouth. She licks the entire length of him with her soft wet tongue, her tongue circling around the tip, then she takes it to her lips. He moves deeper and deeper down her throat. Then he steadies her head with his hands and starts fucking her mouth, his heavy balls slapping against her chin. He can’t wait any longer, he pulls her legs apart, her bald pussy is now right in front of his face. The school counselor places his hot throbbing cock between her pussy lips and slides it all the way inside her tight cunt. Oh lord he loves this busty latina whore and her big juicy tits. He can see his cock covered with her gooey juices every time he pulls it out and plunges it back into her teen cunt.   He starts pounding into her wet open pink pussy hard while looking at her hot body. He takes his cock all the way out and then roughly shoves it balls deep back in. As she arches her back, he takes her breast into his mouth, grinding his tongue against it. The sexy naked babe looks up at him, holding his cock between her tits, squeezing the huge funbags around his shaft, jerking him off with her tits. The naked girl wants to show him how good she can ride a cock, she gets on top of him and starts slamming herself down onto him. I love everything about her, she is so sexy, all-wet bae’s big tits and heart-shaped booty. As she riding his cock, the man is passionately kissing her and caressing her breast. The babe starts to climax and cums all over his cock, her juices are just running down his cock. He pushes her onto the armchair and keeps plowing into her from behind, her big ass shaking with each thrust. Having sex with a student is wrong but this slut’s “fuck me” hard look will make any man cream his pants in an instant. All he wants now is to fuck her tight pussy, lick her big tits, squeeze her big bubble ass and fill her up until his cum runs out of her like a river. She is the sexiest Latina in the porn industry!