I was jogging around the park when I bumped into this stunning, little Asian chick who immediately caught my eye. I had always wanted to fuck some tight little Asian pussy. I like that Asian girls are more docile and subservient, know a lot of sexual secrets and other shit like that. Without wasting any time I simply approached her and gave her my phone, asking for her number. Surprised by my straightforwardness, she agreed, typed the number in my phone and we parted ways. Sometime later, I was back at my place chatting her up and she quickly agreed to come over. I didn’t wait for her all that long and, before I knew it, I had an adorable, young, Asian girl knocking at my door, wanting to get inside. She told me how she liked my confidence and that I caught her in really good time so it didn’t take long for a situation to escalate and become more naughty. We talked only for a bit before she was in front of me and on her knees, pulling my pants down and grabbing my already hard boner. Surprised by my size, the tiny girl immediately took it in her mouth and started sucking on it. She went slowly at first, unable to fit the whole length in her tiny mouth but trying harder and going deeper with every motion. Moments later she was slobbering all over my throbbing cock like a pro, jerking my shaft with her tiny hands and making my member all wet and slippery. I enjoyed watching her cute head bob back and forth as she tried her best to deep throat me, choking and losing her breath. All I could think about, was fucking her tight pussy …over and over…feeling her lips on my swollen cock. The girl was ready and didn’t need any foreplay as her pussy was dripping from sucking me off. She went on all fours on the couch and I grabbed her by the hips, forcing my massive dick deep inside of her! The feeling of the young girl’s sopping wet tight pussy around my cock was like nothing I had ever felt. I went in slowly, gently stretching her tiny snatch but quickly picked up the pace once inside.   Her soft moans switched from mild to hard screaming as I started pumping her rough. I could barely go all the way in at first but I started pushing deeper and eventually went drilling her balls deep, feeling how I’m stretching her insides completely as the young naked girl was begging me not to stop and creaming all over my thick shaft. At one point she turned and lied with her back on the couch, letting me enjoy looking at her cute, perky tits with pierced nipples bouncing around as I kept hammering her hardcore. I already imagined how I would bust all over her pretty little face. My cock was going balls deep in and out of her neat and tidy pussy. Her tight pussy lips stretched around my thick shaft. We kept picking up the pace and trying each other in every position possible. Wanting to feel me in every angle, the Asian babe mounted me and started riding my cock with her tiny cunt in cowgirl and reverse cowgirl, cumming multiple times but not stopping. I pounded her vigorously, completely stretching her petite pussy, making her scream and enjoy orgasms while dripping all over my throbbing dick before I finally reached my limits and pulled out shooting massive loads of cum all over her body.