A girl dressed as a bride is an instant hard on. This slutty blonde with massive titties and her dorky new husband have reserved a bed and breakfast to celebrate their honey moon. When her husband can’t wait to get under her wedding dress and enjoy that sweet pussy, this blonde bimbo slut realizes she’s not quite finished with her wild days. The pervy B&B owner is weird enough to end up whipping his huge dick out when he sees the little dude licking up on her pussy. After some foreplay with her husband, the half naked bride steals off into another room so she can get a proper fuck! The blonde gets on her knees, and shoves that big dong deep inside of her mouth. She starts sucking that giant dick nice and easy but her husband catches them. There’s only one way to solve this problem – get the pervy owner to teach a little humper how to fuck his new wife properly! Moreover, she is a filthy slut and sucking two dicks at once is the biggest pleasure for her. The dork whips his dick out, too, and they both moan silently while the bride sucks on them nicely. The blonde is then pinned down on the bed, the owner pulls her white panties to the side and fucks her hard in thigh high stockings garters and heels while she sucks her husband’s dick. After a while, it is decided that these two should switch the places up a little bit as it’s much better if they both get a little taste that tight wet pussy. The short guy keeps going in hard at her tight little cunt while she sucks that massive dong that belongs to her B&B owner with lots of trouble. Then, the places are switched back and forth, the blonde slut keeps getting her tight hole ruined by one big cock while she sucks on the other one. She sucks one huge cock as hard as she possibly can while also moving her hips and taking the other big fat rod from the back. Most gals would be overwhelmed by situations like this. She then attempts to take these big cocks all the way down her throat, and she almost accomplishes her goal, but in the end, it wasn’t enough. Then, she starts riding her husband’s cock while stroking the other cock that’s hanging right in front of her face. Slut bounces her booty up and down while also bobbing her head back and forth. She then takes on a passive role and lets these two dudes plow her holes as much as they want. The woman does not move as her male partners move their hips and fill her tight little holes up in the best way possible. 