You’ve seen them pop up around the country – bikini coffee shops willing to sell you a little T&A with your daily dose of bean. Fuck it, we can do better than just tease. Let’s put a sexy babe in a slutty outfit, put her in a public location, and have her FUCK these guys instead of just flash ’em! After running into a wonderful chick at the coffee shop, this dude decides that it is time for him to play around with her tight little pussy. This woman is extremely hot, and seeing as she is quite willing to have sex, this dude goes in on the spot and takes the opportunity that is just waiting for him to take it. After jumping over the counter he starts making out with this sexy babe and playing around with her big juicy ass. A customer comes over and he ducks beneath the counter. He then spreads those cheeks and starts licking on this woman’s tight little pussy. After a while, the man makes sure to get his dick sucked by her, too. She has some tremendous skills and makes her partner shake as he’s getting sucked off. After a while, he bends this babe over and starts drilling her tight cunt from the back. She bounces her big fat booty while her hole gets filled up nice and deep. Two customers come through, but this gal just does not seem to care, and her partner doesn’t really care about them, either. He pushes his cock inside of this tight wet hole deep and deeper and goes in faster and faster. He decides to slow down a little bit once this woman drips some whipped cream on her breasts. He licks them up and makes sure to clean them in the best way possible, but he does not stop fucking his woman while this happens. He pushes in faster and faster and makes his girl scream in great pleasure. This babe shakes her cheeks faster and faster, but the guy seems to take on a somewhat passive role. This hot Latina chick does not seem to be keen on stopping anytime soon. She keeps fucking behind the counter even though customers just keep coming in…and she does it in reverse cowgirl position this time. This position seems to be doing it for her quite well right now, seeing as she’s getting louder and louder and she’s pretty reckless right now, too. At least she tried to hide the fact that she’s having sex at the workplace up until now, but right now she doesn’t even care one little bit! 