Mentor has taught everything to her young protegé, or so she thought. Teen girl, however, still isn’t comfortable and confident enough to use her sexuality as a weapon, and so MILF decides to give her one final lesson, calling in young man and teaching her exactly how to use that pussy! The MILF has to assert sexual dominance in some sort of way, and that’s why she flashes her pussy. Then two girls start playing around. The young girl’s pussy is getting teased by the MILF’s dildo, and then they start making out passionately. After receiving that non-to subtle message the young dude then barges in, he’s probably heard all sorts of weird noises from the other room. When he comes in, he gets to see these two half naked girls kissing. The mentor tells him to take off his pants and he does it real quick, and the two women start toying around with his shaft and his balls. They start sucking passionately on the shaft while never breaking eye contact. Furthermore, the girls do not leave his balls alone, either, so they make sure to suck on those as well. After some time has passed, the MILF decides to place the young woman on the office desk. She holds onto the chick’s body and watches as her pussy gets plowed by their young male friend. He pounds away in the missionary position and truly demolishes that tight little pussy. The girl then turns around and starts getting her hole worked in doggy style. Their mentor gives advice and suggestions on how to properly make the girl cum hard. Finally, the MILF decides to start using that pussy of hers and spreads her legs so that her youthful partner could lick on it as she’s getting her tight cunt pounded. As expected, the young woman gets bored of playing the passive role, so she gets on top of the young man and starts riding that big fat cock of his passionately. She moans louder and louder as time goes by, but this stud also makes sure to eat up on the MILF’s pussy as his cock is getting worked. Then, the young woman turns around and starts riding him in the regular cowgirl position while the MILF gets fingered hard and deep. 