Beautiful Emma was a real estate agent who was aching to get her hands on that huge commission check for selling that mansion. After getting inside of the house, I expected nothing but negotiations about the price of the mansion, but I didn’t know that the young woman was known as a master deal closer around her agency and she could manage to convince any guy to sign without inspections or anything. Namely, that cum slut knew how to use that perfect pink pussy of hers to her best advantage, getting her cunt fucked and filled up with jizz again and again. She will make you cum nonstop in a multi creampie fest! That lass got rid of my pants, and I got hard within seconds. Matter of fact, this was one of the most beautiful girls I’ve ever seen. I didn’t know if she was extremely hungry for that cock of mine or just wanted to close the sale, it didn’t matter when my cock was already in her mouth. Sexy girl was bobbing her head up and down, slashing and swirling her tongue around my hard cock, caressing my balls with her hands, preparing me for multiple orgasms. I pulled her panties down. I had some trouble moving them from her pussy, and this was because she was soaking wet. After she finally unstuck those lips from my shaft, I decided to start licking up on that gorgeous pink clit. I was so good that the naked girl ended up shaking and squirting her pussy juices into my mouth. Maybe she was just really sensitive, and I am not the sex expert I claim to be? Now, she decided to assume an active role, so she had me lay down on the couch while she lowered herself down and impaled her throbbing pussy onto my thick boner. I could feel the walls of her cunt milking my shaft, and then, my muscles tightened up as spurt after spurt of my seed blasted into her hot vagina. Cum began leaking out along the sides of my dick as it moved out of her. I had released a thick load of cum inside of her hole and she didn’t seem to mind getting her hole filled up by my juice, in fact, she wanted more! After I’ve inspected the pussy and toyed around with it, I decided to keep the sexy naked girl on top, but this time I’d keep my hips active while holding her in place. After some really fast pounding, I cum inside of her once more. Now cum was splashing all over the place. She got her hole pounded and creampied over and over and was loving every second of it. 