He looks and acts like a sexless nerd, and needs help to change that. Luckily, his friend from high school is here to help him. As they study together, the girl decides to take a break and seduces him. It doesn’t long before their teacher is involved, the MILF wants to seduce this naughty teen girl. The lesbian starts kissing her lips, moves to kissing her neck and then lower, her breasts. She takes her youthful, pink, sensitive nipple into her mouth and nibbles on it. The lesbian teacher turns her around, hikes her plaid skirt, pulls her white panties down to her knees, spreads her cute ass cheeks and starts kissing her asshole and licking her pussy. Prepare for teasing school uniforms, MILF domineering, and innocent teen curiosity in this devious scenario! The girls both suck his shaft. It’s a fun experience for all of them, as his dick is getting enormous, to the point it’s almost impossible for girls to suck it all. When they feel that he is hard as he can be, it’s time to move to another phase. The teacher is the one making the first move, as she sits on his dick and rides him reverse cowgirls style. Her student is here to help, rubbing her pussy in the process. But it’s time for his cock to enter teen pussy. She is afraid because of the size of it, but it doesn’t take long before she starts to enjoy it. Young babe is surprised but happy that she is a part of this nasty threesome that could get them all in trouble. But thinking about getting caught is only making her horny, as forbidden love is the best kind of love. For the nerd, having sex with two women feels like he is in heaven. While it’s not easy to satisfy two nymphos, he is not struggling, as he keeps banging them like a pro. While the naked woman is riding his dick, his tongue is busy digging deep in his friend’s pussy. He can feel that the naked girls both had multiple orgasms already, so he knows that it’s time for him to cum. There is enough semen to cover both of their faces and to make them smile. That was the one of a kind experience, and something they will have to do often now! 