This day was somewhat special to me since I had this girl ask if she could see my god damn pool. I mean, it made her sound like a pushover as my pool is nothing too special. After letting her check it out, I started to realize things rather slowly. I mean, the girl wore the sluttiest bikini out there while running around in front of me. It was obvious that this little slut right here wanted to get me as horny as possible. I had her pulling that bikini of hers soon enough. She was fully naked, dancing for me, letting me see her cute little ass, her perky titties and her bald pussy that close. I took her indoors. The stereotypes suggest that petite Asian women are into big, muscular white men, so I assumed that she would be more than willing to fuck me. I mean, while I wasn’t into her in the beginning, I slowly began to realize that her body was something else. Petite chicks are a notch above the rest, that’s for sure. When she started playing around with her pussy, I lost it. It looked so nice, and the smell most certainly did some weird, weird things to me. She pressed the vibrator to her clit, really enjoying the sensations, making her pussy squirt. I close the distance between us and end my role as a perverted spectator. The sweaty pussy lips are now pressed against mine, and her juices are getting my skin wet. I immediately start licking up on that gorgeous hole, and both of us loved this. I move my tongue as fast as I possibly can, and I enjoy the sight of this petite naked girl shaking as I lick up on her delicious gash. I simply could not get enough, and it would be impossible to get me to stop doing this, but then, this woman comes up with an interesting idea. She just wanted to suck my dick to see if the rumors are true about big white dudes. In my case, they most certainly were, and I was looking forward to filling her throat up with my boner, so I let nature take its course, and I whipped my dick out.   Small girl greedily grasps it with both of her hands and starts sucking on it almost immediately. She was acting so slutty…it was absolutely amazing! There was absolutely no way to stop her from doing this, even if I wanted to do so, but obviously, I did not. I allow this tiny girl to get on top of me, and I start moving her tiny little body with my hands as I push my huge cock inside of that adorable wet cunt. She makes sure to bounce her hips a little bit, and I loved her for the effort she was putting in. This time, I decided to lift her up a little bit, and I start shoving my boner inside of her tight little hole, nice and deep. The girl then changes the positions and switches it up into the reverse cowgirl position while holding onto me for support. I was the one moving the hips either way, and she could not handle the way my giant cock pushed deep into her tight little hole. Her tiny body was in a continuous orgasm, her legs violently shaking, her pussy squirting. Young naked girl then lays back and spreads her legs. While I fuck her, I decide to pull out for a second and to lick on her hole for a while, but soon enough, I put it back inside and keep destroying her little hole. She was moaning, shaking, and screaming while I kept pounding deep inside her.