There’s nothing that makes a bad case of the “Mondays” worse than empty water cooler. This blonde orders to call their bumbling custodian for a new jug, but when he shows up with his trolley and some replacement jugs, a spilling mishap soaks her top and sends her into a rage! The boss decides that the man who did this needs to get punished. She spills water all over him, too, and pushes him to the ground. After she does this, she shoves her huge titties in his face and tries to choke him with them. However, this man seems to enjoy this a lot, and so, he starts sucking on those massive boobs. Then, she helps this man strip, she has him press his body against the table, and she starts sucking on his big boner right there in the breakroom. This babe is the most sexiest woman alive. Love when she dresses up in tight skirts to show off that beautiful ass, the stockings and garter belt were icing on the cake. The blonde bobs her head back and forth as she sucks on the shaft. The custodian assumes a somewhat passive role while all of this happens; however, this changes soon enough. He makes sure to start moving those hips of his while holding onto the blonde’s head. After both of them have had enough of oral, the young man pushes his hot blonde boss onto the office desk and starts pushing his cock deep inside of her tight little pussy. She doesn’t seem to mind the fact that he is starting off rather fast and rough. He starts going at it rather rough, and the blonde’s titties wobble all over the place as she’s taking that throbbing vascular boner inside of her love hole. She enjoys it so much that she has to get on top and start riding that thick cock. Gorgeous naked blonde moving her hips, grinding her pussy on him, then slamming herself onto his cock. After tons of strokes, she finally lets her employee pound into her cunt. Blonde bimbo then bends over and starts taking that boner inside of her, doggy style. Her partner plays around with her tight butt hole as he’s drilling her pussy, too. That cock plows nice and deep inside of the blonde and makes quick work of her G spot. It’s obvious that this woman can not handle so much pleasure. She is moaning, shaking, but she’s still begging for more, even though she will not be able to handle it all! 