Her man almost gave her a heart attack! His wife got scared once she figured out that her man bought a life-size sex doll. She didn’t like the idea, as she felt like that means she is not good for him. But as he tried to explain, this sex doll is here to make their life better. But what they didn’t know is that the doll is alive! As her husband is not home, blonde babe is scared but decided to see what the doll has to offer. After all, she was always curious about sex with another woman. The blonde doll is not only looking amazing with long legs, a perfect ass and massive tits. She also knows what to do. She licks MILFs asshole while stimulating her pussy for a wild lesbian sex session. It’s the first time her pussy has been eaten and sucked, and the first time her asshole has been licked so good that she has an amazing orgasm. The sex doll next gets down in front her putting her legs over hers sitting pussy to pussy, and begins to rub her wet cunt with her perfect pussy. Her body is ripping helplessly through orgasm after orgasm with her clit being rubbed against another woman’s clit. But things are turning nasty, as the doll takes on her and knocks her down. Her next focus is the man of the house, as the gorgeous blonde bimbo has no trouble seducing him. She is in doggy style position as she sucks his cock. He can’t believe that this is happening, but at the same time, he loves every second of it. As he drills her pussy, she feels so real, even better than his wife. He now thinks that this is the best purchase of his life! As living doll goes back to doggy style, he enjoys the view while pounding her, not even caring if his wife will come by. After all, it’s not cheating, since she is not a real human being. As the blonde doll rides him while her melons are bouncing, it’s time for him to finish the job. It’s not surprising that he shot the biggest load of his life on her face, as this was a strange but also fantastic experience. But he still doesn’t know the dark secret. 