My wife was out of town for a while so I was left alone in the house all day with my stepdaughter. She was a naughty little minx who loved prancing around the house wearing nothing but a loose shirt and panties. It was hard for me not to notice her petite and fuckable body so I couldn’t restrain myself from commenting. We were in the kitchen when I mentioned how skimpy she dresses around me and that immediately sparked both of our imaginations. She approached me and allowed me to rub her pussy over her panties before gently pulling out both of her perky tits. Those were perfect and she loved the way I squeezed and caressed them so much she pulled her panties to the side and showed me her young pussy. I got carried away and pulled my cock out, trying to put the tip inside of her but that scared her and she ran off. I found her in her room later on and we started talking again. I made her promise me not to tell anything about our little adventure to her mother, but the fun didn’t stop there. The moment she agreed she realized she was also ready for something more. I lied down on the bed and my little slut pulled my big cock out. Just seconds later I had a gorgeous, young teenage girl with beautiful eyes on a cute face slobbering all over my throbbing boner. She was sucking me off like all those young sluts in porn, going deep, trying to swallow as much of it as possible all the while stroking the shaft. My dick was all wet and slippery from her spit and my precum mixing in her mouth and spilling all over. After a while, she had gotten relaxed and undressed completely in front of me, lying naked on the bed while I continued fucking her slutty mouth. I went rough and hard at her and eventually, my naked stepdaughter ended up kneeling in front of me, choking on my cock and begging me to cum down her throat. I filled her mouth with my thick cum and left her playing with her mouthful of my cum dripping all over her petite body. Next day, I found her in the laundry room, naked again.   My naked step daughter spotted me and started teasing to the point where I practically begged to let me fuck her. The young naked girl simply turned around and bent over, taking my cock from behind. I forced myself inside her tight pussy and started pumping balls deep right off the bat. Moans quickly turned into screams of pleasure as she felt stepdaddy’s cock stretching her insides. We kept picking up the pace and changing positions, wanting to feel each other in every way and from every angle. I put one of her legs over my shoulder, drilling her from the side before placing her on a washing machine and fucking her from the front. Her long legs were wrapped around my back and her beautiful pussy lips around my cock. Her body was exceptionally beautiful! The slit itself was completely shaved and a triangle of black hair above the top of her slit adorned her mound. “Fuck me!” Sarah yelled. “Fuck my little pussy!” This made me want to pound harder, so I did. I waited for her to cum before spraying her with my load. What her mom does not know, will not hurt her?