She met her stepdaughter a few months ago, and from that day she can’t stop thinking about her, even though she knows it’s wrong. At the same, she noticed that this young babe is always looking at her like she is sexually attracted. So once MILF spots her stepdaughter’s diary, of course, she’ll read it. She loved every word, as she got confirmation that young babe is into her. It contains somewhat of a to-do list for the things a young lesbian wants to do with her step-mother. These items are far from innocent, such as sucking on her tits, tonguing her pussy or rimming her asshole! Then her step daughter suddenly steps into the room, catching her reading the diary. Mona is shocked and tries to apologize, but the girl admits that it’s time for them to make love finally. This is what the girls want, and they don’t care that it’s forbidden. Seconds after the action starts, the girls are naked on the bed, as teen starts licking MILF’s pussy. She is taking her time while focusing on her clit. Mature loves it as she already moans and screams, getting close to her first orgasm. She wants to cum, as she knows that this would only be the beginning. She is quick to return the favor, enjoying her stepdaughter’s sweet pussy juices. She loves every second of it, as her bushy pussy is so tight and soft. This session turned out to be better then they could ever expect, and there is so much else to try now. The action is getting more intense, as teen goes deep in her stepmom’s snatch with her tongue as her life depends on it. The lesbians don’t even need toys to have fun, as they form sixty-nine and cum almost at the same time. They are building a unique connection and look like a lesbian couple that is in a long-term relationship. The naked girls keep sucking on each other’s breasts, tonguing each other’s pussies, licking their assholes and kissing passionately as well. They’re determined to complete the list written in her lesbian diary to make every one of her fantasies come true. 