Stepdaughters aren’t related to their stepdads, and adopted daughters aren’t either. Of course, they’re still his daughters so he would never have anything to do with them, right? He’s even married! He could never do something like that. Well, when two hot teen girls come up to you on the bed wearing skimpy jammies it’s hard not to understand what they have in mind. Their mom finds them in bed and lectures the girls about their inappropriate behavior. Later, the man is finishing up in the shower when one of the little sluts enters the bathroom. He just can’t spying on the sexy teen girl as she peels off her clothes while fondling her perfect body, her young titties and little pussy. When there’s a knock on the door, the naked girl hops into the shower and finds him there. She takes advantage of the situation, dropping to her knees to suck her daddy off behind the shower curtain. Still later, the other girl gets her chance to suck him off while her sister covers for her. As soon as he can, he sends the girls to their rooms while trying to figure out what to do. This guy just lets things roll and goes with the flow as these two little sluts sit beside him, one on the left and one on the right and start rubbing his crotch and so on. The girls do that and he just can’t help himself but get hard. At that point, it’s all over as they know that they have won him over. With two horny teens craving to get their young twats fucked hard, who could blame him? Mom’s not gonna be home for several hours, so they have some time. The girls pull out his cock from his pants, get down on it and start sucking on it like it’s a lollipop. They enjoy the taste and can’t wait for it to go inside of their pussies as well. So, they get undressed and it’s time for the tiny girls to climb his dick and start riding him. He starts with one little slut riding him while she eats her sister out, then moves on to pounding away at the other’s greedy snatch. They eventually start getting fucked by him as well as he gets them in any position that he pleases. The young naked girls take turns getting their pussies pounded until their stepdad gives them both a facial to reward their efforts for his pleasure. 