She is a beautiful, barely legal girl, but even though boys are crazy about her, she still feels that mature men are more interesting to her than boys her own age. It seems that this hot teen has a plan how to seduce her own stepfather. She approaches her dad with an odd request. She asks him to check her breasts for abnormalities. He is surprised and feels uncomfortable, but decides to do it anyway. As he checks her chest, a teen slut coaches him on exactly how to tweak her nipples just right. When he catches on to her scheme, it’s too late. He can’t deny how turned on he is. But now that they’ve done it, there is no way back. Of course, this was the only excuse for her to get close to him. Lately, she’s been jealous of her mom, especially when late at night she can hear them fucking. Boys of her age are dumb and don’t know anything about sex, while her stepdad would probably make her cum as no man did before. She is young and beautiful, and the forbidden factor only makes things even better. Knowing that his affair could ruin his life if his wife catches him fucking her daughter, only motivates him more to do this. He starts by sucking her pierced nipples, licking her gorgeous boobies, sucking them, rubbing them, but soon enough, his hand is in her pants and playing with her wet snatch. She can’t wait to return the favor and feel his dick, but that will have to wait. Like a wild animal, he attacks her young pussy, licking it like he never saw one in a long time. Her beautiful young body twitches as he manages to make her cum for the first time. Finally, he strips, and it’s time for his shaft to penetrate her little pussy. There is nothing romantic here, as he goes rough inside of her. Luckily, that is what she loves and expects. A bit of pain is a significant turn on for her, and she loves watching his boner nailing her pussy.   It’s surreal, almost like a beautiful dream that somehow became a reality. Young naked girl moans like crazy and stops when her stepdad shuts her mouth by kissing her. Finally, she got her chance to prove her cock sucking skills. She is so determined to impress a mature man that she starts deepthroating him, almost gagging in the process. She can’t recognize herself. It’s not like she was a saint in bed before, but doing it with a member of her stepfamily is a whole different world. The best moment comes as he lifts the petite teen to fuck her in standing position before he nails her doggy style on the sofa. There is no denying how much tighter her pussy is, how much perkier her body is, and how much better at fucking his stepdaughter is over his wife. His hand is around her neck, but she is still not asking him to slow down or stop. She loves every minute of it, as no one was as deep in her pussy like he is now. Brunette came at least five or six times and now feels that he needs to do the same. When she goes down on her knees, that’s a signal for him to cover her face with loads of cum and make her a happy stepdaughter.