You know how they say – there is no person in the world with only one tattoo. I’ve heard only good things about these two chicks, so I’ve decided to visit their tattoo parlor. But, as they were about to start, suddenly I felt so nervous. I don’t know what got into me, but I was having second thoughts. As I was thinking about what to do, the babes promised they would make me feel relaxed. I was in shock as in their case, that meant they would go topless! As they were making out, I thought that it is only the beginning, and I was right. In seconds the girls pulled my dick out and started having fun with it together. But there is no competition here. The babes work perfectly synchronized, so as one of them is licking my balls, the other one is giving me a blowjob. Their two mouths met, tongues wrapping around the throbbing length, pleasing me just as they pleased each other. It’s like they did this many times before. I could imagine the bitches always find a reason to meet a new dick. I had come for a tattoo but instead, these two chicks pounced on my hard dick like it was going out of style! I was ready to squirt cum into their faces, but things became even more intense. The girls slowly stripped for me with smiles on their faces. The inked brunatte was the first to sit on my dick cowgirl style. With one hand, she pulled her ass cheek apart a bit so that I could have better access to her wet cunt and lowered herself onto my dick. The feeling of a new pussy always is incredible and I had to hold still to avoid cumming to fast into her tight Asian cunt. She began twerking her gorgeous ass, intensely working the head of my cock with her pussy. As she was screaming, her friend was there, watching the action and waiting for her turn. There is no sense of rivalry, and when the blonde takes her place, the girls continue to kiss and have a laugh.   I can’t imagine what would happen if someone came in, but I guess the fear of getting caught only made things even better. As I’ve started nailing one of them doggy style, the fear was gone. I didn’t care anymore; I only wanted to test her limits and see if I can go balls deep inside of her. And you know what? That was not a problem for them. Every pussy is different, but even though both of them were tight, I had no problem going all in. The babes could easily pass for porn stars, but luckily for me, they are in the tattoo business. I’ve had a bunch of girls in my life, but this threesome is the best experience I’ve had. It’s not easy to satisfy two chicks, I’ll tell you that, but it’s worthy of the effort. Plus, the adrenaline rush is so high that I had enough energy for both of them. My balls were swelling, so I finally had to release my load. They knew what was coming, so both naked babes dropped on their knees and stuck out their tongues, waiting for my semen. That happy look on their faces as they are cum showered is something I won’t ever forget, even though I’ll come back. I feel we’ve just scratched the surface!