Are you looking for a porn movie with great storylines? Don’t miss this wedding, there are three stories instead of one. At the begining you witness how this woman makes a deal with the devil and signs away her stepdaughter’s hand in marriage. Her beautiful stepdaughter Jill doesn’t want to be married but she might be in danger if she doesn’t accept. Her lesbian girlfriend Abella comes to rescue her on the day of the wedding but everything seems hopeless. This might be the last time the girls get to make love – making the most of it, they take their time, making each other shake and scream out in pleasure! Sit back and enjoy the view of the two naked girls eagerly licking each other’s wet pussy, rimming their assholes, scissoring and rubbing their clits against each other to a climax. At the same time, beautiful Aidra arrives at the wedding to be a bridesmaid. The babe is hopelessly romantic and has no idea that the wedding is a total sham! The groom smoothly introduces himself to the bridesmaid and she’s charmed by him immediately. She might look prime and innocent on the outside but, on the inside, she’s a hot-tempered sex kitten! He thinks he’s about to boink a bimbo… but he has no idea what he’s getting himself into! The sexy bridesmaid takes off her dress and lets him suck on her amazing tits, then she grans his cock and sucks it right there in the backyard among all the wedding utensils. Naked bridesmaid impales herself onto his cock. He wraps his arms around her big ass and she begins bouncing herself up and down. The groom is vigourously drilling the lass with all his might, maybe she is the last woman he is having sex with before marriage. At the same time gorgeous Desiree finds the sinister blue marriage contract on the floor of the bathroom, she quickly slips the contract under her dress and goes to warn her cousin! Along the way, she bumps into a shirtless Xander – the dude suspects that she is there to flirt with him, but the bitch has got other plans. In a sexy twist, tanned Desiree’s nonchalant attitude turns him on, and he decides he must have that hot bitch right there and then! Sultry babe gets her wish, but the pleasure is so amazing… Don’t miss to download the whole movie! 