I was waiting for a new renter and she showed up alone, without her boyfriend. My pussy was getting wet just looking at her. We sat and got to talking and it turned out they recently broke up and she was traveling alone for a while. That sparked my interest as she was this dashing, young, exotic brunette with a curvy body and adorable face. I started slowly seducing her and suggesting she should start experimenting. Seems like she liked me because she immediately agreed and in no time was on her back, spreading her legs while I was removing her underwear. Her clit was proud and out of its hood, the folds of her lips were spread out, and she was glistening wet. I couldn’t wait to bury my tongue inside her soft, pink pussy and got turned on when she started moaning with me licking her. I slobbered all over her dripping cunt before going on to remove her bra and get her completely naked. After giving her long and sloppy pussy licking, it was her turn. I removed my panties and spread my legs for her and she didn’t waste time but started rubbing my pussy and fondling my tits. Both of us were soon completely naked but now her head was between my legs, licking my clit and tongue fucking my dripping wet snatch. I felt her tongue slide back up to my clit. She took it into her mouth, cupping it and sucking it in. It was a heavenly feeling. After both of us enjoyed long, passionate, and sensual oral fucking, we were ready for something more than foreplay. I sat her on the bed in front of me and pulled her towards me. Our pulsating pussies touched and we started scissoring. She slowly began rubbing her wet cunt up and down on mine, our pussy lips were wetly kissing each other’s. We were going slow at first, moaning as while enjoying each other but then we picked up the pace, going harder and faster, rubbing each other and screaming in pleasure, our bodies quivering. Both of us came multiple times from all that fucking, rubbing, caressing, licking, and fingering but kept going until we were completely satisfied. 