This little troublemaker came out of the bush wearing the shortest shorts and made her way inside of my car, and just because she was able to do so, she thought that she would actually be able to steal the entire thing. Hell, she should have just tried to snatch the radio or some other random thing from the inside of the car. However, she is obviously not too clever. We talk for a while and I realize she is flirting with me. Turns out she is a trouble maker and also a total freak! After having this chick chill at my place for a while, she says that she wants to perform oral sex for me. The slut keeps watching me with lust in her eyes and I feel her hand searching inside my pants and pulling my stiff cock out. She gets on her knees and her lips touch my cock. She is very cute while she does this, and so, I caress her head and make sure that she doesn’t stop anytime soon. The little slut tried to do something very, very mean to me, and so she has to pay off a serious debt! The payment methods I am currently accepting are throat fucking and pussy fucking. She’s sucking on my balls, jerking me with her small hands and I’m almost ready to cum in her mouth. To my surprise she turns around, positions her ass over me, and aims my dick straight up her pussy! Then she lowers herself onto my cock, letting it slide up into her tight hole! The teen babe spreads her ass cheeks with her own hands and gives me an amazing sight to behold. I try my best not to cum way too early as I drill this young tight pussy. She finds herself pretty much locked in the cowgirl position as I firmly hold onto her and make that tight wet hole mine.   Hot young babe loves this kind of treatment, too, and she moves her hips savagely towards the end of this part of our intercourse, I guess. Now, I pin her down once more, but she can barely tell that she is being forced into this position. Her head is resting against the pillow, and I am barely pulling on this woman’s hair, which is something that is not something that I usually do. However, I am still pretty pissed off at this woman for being so hot, but so amazingly naughty at the same time. The way her pussy feels while I am drilling this bitch from the back is something that convinces me that I need to keep fucking this babe for as long as possible. This kind of pleasure is indeed something that I need to experience for as long as possible in my life! Naked girl is then laid down on her back, and I keep drilling her pussy as hard as ever. I intend to go as fast as I possibly can for the longest duration of time as I want this lass to be absolutely stunned by my stamina and the time it takes for me to cum. The slut is begging me to cum on her face and she sounds so needy. I grab her tit and squeeze it, it makes her absolutely crazy, she kept rubbing her clit furiously and begging to cover her face with cum.