This horny teacher entices a lesbian student into seducing his step daughter. Teen lesbian begins to seduce her as he watches with increasing pleasure. The seduction is successful and one of the girls leans in to kiss the other. From the room’s entranceway, we see the horny teacher, his eyes are lit up as he watches, licking his lips and fondling himself. To his step daughter shock, he reveals that he caught her friend dealing on school property and she agreed to seduce her in exchange for his silence. After this old pervert had two girls make out right in front of him, he found out that stopping is not something that he could do easily. One thing led to another, and both of these girls are forced to strip all of their clothes. His naked stepdaughter spreads her legs, and his lesbian student starts licking on that tight wet hole, driving her tongue deep into her sex. Now, after both of these cuties hit the floor, this old dude whips his cock out and starts fucking both of these throats real hard. He doesn’t have any sort of mercy for the blonde, but he starts off slowly with his step daughter. He pushes her cock inside of her throat only after her mouth had some time to get accustomed to the side of this throbbing and also very vascular boner. Now, both girls are laying down on their backs with their legs spread, and while they’re chilling like this, this old dude eats them out, one after the other, their sweet pussies. They pull him in while he is licking on their holes and non-verbally request for him to pick up the pace. The brunette then arches her back and allows the old man to enter her tight hole from the back. She moans while she gets drilled, and the blonde does not seem to be too interested in what is going on in the back as she feels up on the chest of her friend. She grabs those titties and sucks on them nicely. After bending over, the hot naked blonde starts getting her tight cunt drilled nice and deep as the brunette can only watch. However, the brunette is not left alone, not even in this scenario, as her tight pussy is getting licked on. She enjoys this kind of treatment; there is no doubting that.  