Don’t miss one more taboo porn. A pervy bishop manipulates 18 year old girl into sex! Shy young babe was invited to her bishop’s office for a private talk after he noticed that she rejected the sacrament, sitting in a pew with the congregation. She confessed to him, speaking about her first experience with another guy. She told him how she was laying with him on a couch while watching a movie and how they were really close, so close that they could feel the heat off of each other’s body. After a while, he had started to sensually massage her before reaching into her pants to tease her for a while before removing the rest of her clothes to continue touching, caressing, and fondling her nude body. The corrupt bishop listened with great interest, rubbing his own cock, and, after she finished talking, convinced her to show him where and how was she touched. Cute brunette gently stripped naked in front of the old man, remaining only in her white panties when he too started caressing her soft and petite body. The young girl closed her eyes as this old priest touched her innocent body and fondled her breasts, fingering her nipples and kissing them. Unable to prevent herself from having the salacious, sexual thoughts, she hoped that God would forgive her. Her reluctance and tears quickly vanished as she got turned on. He took that as a clue and removed her panties, burying his face between her legs. The girl couldn’t help moaning softly and spreading her legs for him, enjoying his tongue slobbering all over her tight cunt. She had surrendered to him completely and lied on her back on his desk, breathing erratically and shaking with pleasure. She loved being licked and the sensation of having his experienced tongue spreading her pussy lips and pleasuring her was too much for her so she soon came hard. “I want you come again and again, my pet” the old pervert instructed. ” I never sucked a cock before…” the naked girl looked up to the bishop. She dropped on her knees in front of him and took the tip of his cock in her mouth. Carefully, she started bobbing her head back and forth, taking more and more of his stiff shaft in, feeling his boner pulsating in of her mouth. It didn’t take long for her to start sucking his dick like a proper slut. You are a pretty little slut. You love my cock don’t you.” Being called a “pretty little slut” was a major turn on as she was a virgin just two days ago.   The sensation of his throbbing boner between her lips turned her on even more and soon she was giving him one of the wettest and sloppiest blowjobs ever. Girl was trying hard to satisfy him, going deep while swallowing his fat shaft, deepthroating and choking with her spit and his precum spilling all over, making her messy face even more fuckable. After she made his cock all slippery, the bishop bent the naked girl over the desk and grabbed her from behind. Without wasting time, he impaled her dripping wet snatch balls deep and started pumping vigorously. The cute and shy brunette was not turning into a kinky slut who started screaming as she enjoyed her pussy being stretched and railed. “Yes, I’m your sluuuuuut, your submissive little sluuuuut!” “Yes, you are,” he agreed, as he continued fucking her out of her mind. She didn’t object to changing positions so she was soon on top of him, riding like a naughty cowgirl. From there on out, they only kept picking up the pace. The adorable brunette was being pounded like a horny whore and she came multiple times before bishop reached his limits drilling her tight, soft snatch and pulled out shooting big, sticky loads of hot, white cum all over her young body. Will you dare to explore the darker side of your sexual fantasies and the deep, hidden desires?