Young brunette woke up earlier than expected. Someone was making a lot of noise in the kitchen. She didn’t know is that the father called him to make various fixes around the house while he is at work. He seems like a nice guy, and while she watches him, she is already thinking about the size of his dick. Young babe is always horny in the morning, and since she broke up with her boyfriend a month ago, she is in desperate need of fucking. So, no wonder she is trying to seduce this guy. That’s not a problem, as he is willing to show her what he has in his pants. His shaft is massive and is a challenge for her. But, it’s not like she is afraid. Whenever this girl is faced with a huge boner, it’s the best time to test her limits. With a bit of practice, she can deepthroat him, which makes him impressed. Then the young naked girl is on the ladder while the handyman is licking her pussy. He runs his tongue between her pussy lips and finding her clit, tasting her center, lapping her juices out. The girl is dripping wet so his conclusion is that he shouldn’t make her wait. That’s why his shaft is deep inside of her snatch. She feels his cock throb inside her and can’t help thrusting her hips back against him. He might be looking nerdy, but when it comes to sex, he is a beast. It’s not tens of guys weren’t inside of her, but this time it’s different. It’s not only that this fucking session was unexpected, but she is getting nailed by a stranger hired by her dad. Hot teen can’t even think of what would happen if he ever discovered what is going on while he is working hard. His sweet little daughter is a nympho that is going around fucking every guy that is available. He picks the young naked girl up and carries her to her bedroom, his cock buried in her the whole time. Impatiently, young blonde pushes herself down onto his cock.   Naked girl starts riding him cowgirl style, while he is playing with her pussy. That is the perfect combination as she feels like she could cum every second. It’s a fantastic feeling, something that she’ll always remember. He has a perfect view of her pink pussy lips stretched wide around his thick pole. Rocking up and down, then sliding slowly so that he can totally enjoy the feeling of entering her warm wet pussy. Young slut decides to make him penetrate her pussy missionary style. While talking dirty, she has a big smile watching his man meat drilling her hole. He keeps making the girl moan loudly with every single thrust. She is so cute and adorable. Adorable to watch. Finally, they go for reverse cowgirl, so while she is bouncing on his dick, he is slapping her nice ass behind. This babe loves it and demands harder action as her ass is getting red. Once he is ready to cum, naked girl goes back on her knees, opens her mouth, and makes him cum inside so that she can taste his semen. It’s a sweet taste of victory, the perfect ending that will make her day. He’ll be back for more!