When this Latina was sent by the agency to clean my house up, I noticed that she had an amazing ass, big tits, and obviously, her face was gorgeous, too. I’m not the kind of person to objectify women, but oh my God, I really wanted those ass cheeks to be somewhere near my cock. So, while this sexy babe was cleaning my house up, I decided to stick around and watch. It seemed a little weird that I would film her all the time but she was Brazilian and actually enjoyed the attention. Then all of a sudden I offered her money to lose some clothes. That big bubble ass was so incredible, I could just sit there and stare at her ass all day long. Imagining my face buried in her big ass got me stirred up and horny as hell. The more money I threw at this woman, the more she stripped. She put on a pretty interesting show, exposing her amazing boobs. In the end, I just couldn’t control myself and pulled my erection out of my shorts and showed it to my naked maid. More money and she went straight for it. She sucked and licked my big dick until it was cleaner than the whole house. My cock was huge, so this woman obviously felt the need to lube that big thing up and make it so that she would need to worry less about putting that thing inside of her. Then the hot naked Latina turned over and and sat on my cock. This chick spread her juicy ass cheeks for me and put the dong inside of her tight, wet hole. That babe finally started putting that gorgeous pussy to good use. She went up and down on my boner while holding onto the kitchen counter and moaning. The entire riding session kicked off rather slowly in this reverse cowgirl position, but obviously, this kind of thing could not last forever. Then, this hot naked babe was facing me, and she was going up and down very, very fast. Matter of fact, I started feeling bad for her as she was putting in a lot of work. This chick was now pinned down on the floor, and she was getting her tight pussy pounded from the back. I fucked her standing up, missionary on the table until I came all over her pretty face. 