This rather interesting scene kicks off with a naked woman with a nice pair of titties laying down with her eyes closed. Her lover’s hands glide all over her gorgeous body, reaching her breasts and her pussy. Both of his hands end up going there, but penetration doesn’t really occur at this point, which is rather interesting, as this young man sure enjoys the sensation of his hand gliding across that warm hole. So, he makes one hand move all over the torso while the other arm chills in the crotch of this woman. The dude shoves a finger inside of this girl and rubs on her tight hole while making sure that he never goes too fast. Sure, a quickie is great now and then, but for a truly powerful experience, time is of the essence. Add to that list intimacy and patience and trust, and you’ve got the makings of a genuinely awesome sensual sharing. He spreads those legs a bit more and starts licking up on that smooth pussy. Her pussy is shaven but she has a small patch of pubic hair directly over her slit. He starts this woman’s body from the belly button all the way up to the titties. After getting a nice taste of this chick’s breasts, he goes back down and keeps massaging that tight little pussy. His lover is very, very wet at this point. So, for this reason, he spreads the discharge all around the crotch area. He moves between her splayed legs, pushes his tongue deep into her gash, pressing his mouth lips to her pussy lips. He keeps fingering her slit, caressing her wet lips and massaging her throbbing clit. Her whole body shakes as her orgasm explods on her, her pussy juices leaking out of her pussy. This erotic couple massage continues with the naked woman massaging her lover. It is time for this beautiful woman to put treat this man the way he deserves to be treated. She allows him to lay down and moves between his splayed legs and starts stroking that boner nice and easy. Both of her hands work this firm penis and make it rather stiff. The young man does his best to stay calm as all of this happens. The woman then arches her back, but not in the direction women usually do when having sex and starts sucking on that big fat boner real hard. 