More black girls and white dicks! His daughter is home from college and has her friend, a sexy black babe, over for a movie night. So, once the black girl starts playing around with the bearded white studs massive boner, obviously, some extremely sinful stuff is about to go down on the spot, without a doubt. The sexy and sneaky teen began stroking his cock under a blanket, then took it in her mouth. However, this dude did not mind getting his throbbing boner sucked by his daughter’s friend… for a while, but once he started getting way too excited, then it was time for him to get the dark skin lass to get off him as soon as possible. He pushes a teen slut away and moves back to his room, where he can peacefully rest. Though the horny chick would not leave him alone for way too long, and she found him as he was laying down on his bed. She climbs on top of him and keeps sucking his massive throbbing boner as hard as she possibly can. Of course, she wanted to get him very, very horny, which is exactly why she put in some much effort into the blowjob. After a while, this dude was pretty fucking horny too, and he decided that he would allow this gal to ride the meat train. As soon as the black babe moves her hips into a more appropriate position, he shoves his large rod inside of her black pussy and starts shaking his body back and forth. This stimulates the hungry hole of the girl, and it seems like that she could never experience such pleasure, as she was moaning like insane. This would not be something that’s too special, but this is a situation in which she should be completely silent, so that white dick was surely hitting her up pretty good. Her partner was enjoying this more and more, and so he finds himself to be in a fitting position (mentally speaking) to push this woman away and to have her lay down on her back as he punishes her tight cunt. That little brown gash was taking an incredible pounding. It almost looked as if the man was angry that he could not resist shoving his boner inside of a pussy…maybe he was trying to stop himself from having sex for as long as possible, or something like that? Either way…this doesn’t matter as he ends up pumping a whole lot of cum inside of the dark skin lass. 