Ravishing, young babes hired a wedding planner to help them out. When she arrived, she sat the girls down to find out exactly what they both wanted. However, it quickly became obvious that she was a kinky and slutty chick who loved having all kinds of naughty fun. She started fooling around with both brides-to-be. When one girl would leave the room, she’d start teasing and seducing the other one, rubbing her pussy and making her all wet and horny. I just love scenes with girls rubbing their pussies in hiding watching other/others doing it getting off. Having played with both lesbians separately, she had to admit that to them once they were all back together and, after a minor argument, things turned out even better than she had expected. Brides to be only fought for a moment but then the situation de-escalated and the girls confessed love for each other again, before going on to slowly kiss and strip themselves. The wedding planner quickly joined and all three babes were now seductively moaning in pleasure as they were losing their clothes. They had talked about having a threesome before, so why not now? They must trust each other enough to move forward with their wedding. First, one brunette started licking her girlfriend’s soft pussy while ravishing, black-haired wedding planner kissed her supple lips. They couldn’t keep their hands to themselves as they stripped down to taste each other’s pussies and feel each other up. She looks beautiful and sexy as hell, the girls are also beautiful and curvy. Three naked girls went on to try more exotic poses. Having licked her pussy, brunette straddled her girlfriend and started scissoring her passionately while black-haired beauty mounted her face and started riding her tongue. Soft moans turned into screams of pleasure as all three naked girls enjoyed each other in every way possible. One girlfriend switched places with a hot wedding planner and now she was lying on the desk with her legs spread wide, having her dripping cunt licked as she was feeling another girl’s pussy with her mouth. Losing their minds with horniness, the lesbians started taking turns scissoring each other vigorously and trying out more exotic positions, licking and rubbing each other until every girl came many times, shaking and screaming. After many earth-shattering orgasms, girls ended this incredible experience satisfied and with their tight, wet cunts dripping juices and pulsating from passionate fucking. By the time the girls all collapse together in orgasmic bliss, the wedding planner had some steamy ideas for the honeymoon!   Do you love lesbian porn, girl on girl adult videos? If you do, don’t miss all these lesbian sex scenes with the hottest girls. They say that deep down, every woman is a lesbian and judging by these insanely hot lesbian scenes, I might just believe it. Scissoring scenes, the craziest squirting orgasms, ass rimming, tongues, fingers and toys are all part of this hardcore lesbian mega-site starring both teens and sexy older women.