They’ve been living together for months, and since then, they use every opportunity to fuck each other’s brains out. But what they also love is to film them having sex. They feel excited as they pretended to be in a porn movie and later watch it. Today is no different as the action starts as a lovely babe is displaying her perfect, tight, bubble ass. Once his hot girlfriend removes her panties, it looks even more impressive. What follows next is her cock sucking time. Blonde genuinely enjoys going to her knees and sucking his shaft on camera. She loves the feeling as his rod is growing inside of her mouth, but even when he is long and hard, she still can deepthroat. Using her hands to stimulate his balls, she is once again having his boner in her throat. Once she had enough, it’s time for her to ride his shaft. She does it reverse cowgirl style, letting him enjoy the view of her booty. Watching how her tight pussy is swallowing his shaft drive him wild, but she is the one controlling the action. It’s like he is her sex toy, a tool for fucking, but who would mind that. Hot naked babe keeps pushing her gorgeous ass down against him making his huge cock sink inside her as far as she can. She loves fast, hard action that will drive her to her limits. Even as her rhythm is going up, she is slapping her behind, like saying she needs more. Sometimes while fucking her man, she dreams about more cocks going inside of all of her holes. That is when she begs her boyfriend to bang her even harder as she screams and spreads her legs wide. Her pierced tits are bouncing like crazy as her pussy juices are flowing. Even when he cums on her tits and on her tongue, his dick is back in her pussy, as they continue the action. That’s one of the reasons why she is with him. He is the first guy able to fuck her for hours, and even when he comes, he wants more.   Sometimes they spend the whole day going around the house banging everywhere. The kitchen table is their favorite spot, but it’s not like they are choosers. Even sex in public place is something that they’ve done regularly, and sometimes they were almost caught. But that is a thing about them, as they need excitement as their sex life become more extreme in time. It’s not all about rough pussy drilling and deepthroating, but also about trying new things that will always keep their relationship fresh. While her tits are still covered in cum, his shaft is back in her pussy as he continues penetrating her. Feeling so dirty, they are now going even stronger, feeling that this might be their best session yet. Her perfect body, her big bubble ass, her amazing tits, her screams keep him plunging hard and deep into her. When his girlfriend starts losing the count of how many times she came, it’s time for a big finish. This time, he empties his balls, covering her pretty face with loads of cum that look like pearls on her. Tired but happy, they make plans for their next sessions of hard lovemaking. 