Adult porn business has moved forward. This video is not some ordinary porn, this is a whole movie, moreover, an heartfelt erotic drama! A mature, glamorous blonde was back at her home after her husband’s funeral. She was trying to figure out what would she do without him so she escaped from everyone else and went to her bedroom, lying and pondering. She’s haunted by the memories of what once was. Just as she was reminiscing about past events he appeared on top of her promising he’d always be with her. Having shared a passionate kiss, he gently pulled her panties down and put his tongue between her legs. Stunning MILF started sensually moaning as he was slobbering all over her perfect, shaved pussy. The moaning kept intensifying as she was nearing the edge and she kept talking dirty and asking for more until she came screaming. Eager o return the favor, the beautiful blonde woman pulled his throbbing boner out of his pants and started sucking it like a classy slut. She knew what she was doing and even though his massive shaft was too big for her tiny mouth and throat, she was doing her best, going deep and sloppy. With every motion, the hot woman kept swallowing more and more of his fat dick, eventually deepthroating and choking on it. Her saliva was mixing with his precum in her mouth and spilling all over his boner. After such a long, wet, and passionate foreplay, they were both ready for more. Naked woman lied on the bed and spread her legs wide for him, putting one of them on his shoulder as he approached her from the front, inserting his throbbing cock inside of her dripping snatch. She was already dripping wet so he went all the way in, drilling her balls deep. He was going hard at her, pounding her and making her moan and beg for more. Wanting to feel each other in every way and from every angle possible, they went on to try out multiple positions. After being railed from the front, the naked blonde straddled him in a naughty cowgirl position and started impaling herself all the way. She loved the sensation of his fat rod stretching her soft pussy and hitting her deep so much she kept constantly rubbing her pussy around his shaft and even massaged her tight asshole. Such kinky riding continued with classy blonde lying on her side and with her lover pumping her from behind this time. Her soft and sensual moans were now already turned into loud screams of pleasure as she was being fucked vigorously. She ended up being pounded and satisfied, with her beautiful face and gorgeous body sprayed with thick loads of cum. With that experience, she was ready to move on.   This woman met another guy and it wasn’t long before she was back in her bedroom blindfolded, bent over on her bed with a massive shaft drilling her pulsating pussy yet again, making her scream in pleasure and beg for more of relentless fucking. This incredibly impactful script paired with amazing sex and groundbreaking acting performances by the entire cast take you on an emotional roller coaster all the way to a chilling climactic ending. Wicked Pictures is an award winning production company known for its high-calibre stars and off the wall films. These guys give you incredibly hot pornstars, the most beautiful girls in the adult industry, doing what they do best.