Bombastic brunette slowly came to a man relaxing in a bathtub. She walked seductively, showing off her perfect curves and her big, round ass before joining him in the tub. She is the epitome of tight and fit. Every inch of her perfect body was sculpted to draw your eye and tingle your flesh. And if such a goddess were to impose on your bath, no man could turn her away. He was shy at first but couldn’t keep his eyes off of her while she was teasing, slowly splashing her bikini and making herself wet, trying to make her hard nipples appear through clothes. It didn’t take long for her to strip completely naked and start playing with his already hard cock. First, she took it in her hands, feeling his girth popping out of the water, gently stroking it up and down, almost making him beg. Then, the hot naked babe lowered her head and placed her luscious lips on the tip of his shaft and took his member in her mouth. Just moments later she was going deep and hard, swallowing his whole boner while jerking it off, slobbering all over it, choking while deepthroating, making sure he’s hard and ready to pound her already wet snatch. When she finished, she stood up in the tub and turned around, bending over for him. He grabbed her hips firmly and forced himself inside. She felt extasy and started talking dirty, enjoying his massive schlong stretching her pussy. Slow and sensual moans gradually started becoming louder as he was picking up the pace and drilling her deeper and rougher. His hands squeezing her big tits, his balls slapping against her cunt, groaning as he feels her hug his cock with her firm, tight love-hole. After that, they started changing positions, feeling each other in every way possible. Naked babe was screaming while impaling herself balls deep, riding him like a slutty cowgirl. She enjoyed his fat dick in every angle, taking it from behind again before mounting him in reverse cowgirl. They were only going harder and faster at each other as time went by. She came shaking many times before he sprayed her body with loads of cum. 