What this mature man ends up encountering is a gorgeous young girl with a nice pair of titties and a wonderful ass. He just so happens to have a stripper pole in the middle of his home, and this teen babe dances for him on the spot. She just has to show off, which is completely fine. His cock gets real hard and soon enough, this big fat boner gets sucked on. Naked girl lets her man lay back on the bed, and she starts choking on that big fat boner while also stroking it with one hand. That cock is pretty thick, so she obviously wanted it inside of her pussy as soon as possible. Young naked girl gets on top, lowers her pussy onto his cock, it goes in easily and starts riding the massive meat rod real hard. He grabs onto the cute girl’s hips and thrusts his cock inside of her deeper and deeper with every single stroke that he assists her with. It becomes obvious that this man surely hates the passive role he took on, so he wraps his arms around this woman and picks up the pace. He fucks her like a cheap slut, she is slippery as oil, her young pussy tightens and squeezes around his forceful cock. After a few high-speed strokes, he dumps a whole lot of cum up in there and pulls his dong out! “Yes, daddy, yes! Fill my pussy with your cum!” Some reverse cowgirl action is the next thing on the menu. There is a whole lot of cum inside of this young woman as she is getting drilled, so all of it drips outside of her. He pulls out and thrusts quickly into her walls again and again, unforgiving. There is a whole lot of cum on that boner, and it makes it all greasy, so it acts like some sort of lube. As he moves his hips, the boner just won’t listen to him, so it keeps dumping load after load inside of that tight wet cunt. With all that semen inside of her she can easily get pregnant even if she is on the pill. She doen’t care, so she is pinned down in the missionary position.   He moves between her splayed legs and taking his rock-hard dick in his hand he slowly rubs it up and down her cum leaking slit and then presses forward. Her lover just keeps pounding her harder and harder and pushing that boner as deep as possible inside of this tight, wet hole. Naked girl moans and gasps and arches her back up to him. She clenches her walls and his thick cock erupts inside her. He shoots a whole lot of cum in there and makes this chick moan in pleasure. Her body shakes and he can feel his little girl’s pussy milking him for every drop. Again, the positions are changed, and now this teen girl is getting drilled from the back in some sort of a modified doggy position. This dude drills her pussy from the back as hard as always and he ends up cumming inside of this wonderful pussy yet again. This time, the cum is forced outside of the hole with a powerful queef. Streams of hot cum flood inside her. She collapses, quivering on the bed, hot fluid running down both her thighs. I observed with satisfaction the way her vagina and her anus spasmed and cum poured down her slit. This lad just keeps on fucking and dumps a few more shots of cum inside of this teen pussy, and yet again, they are forced out with a big queef. There is no impregnating this woman…that’s for sure. 