It was a great surprise for all of these two girls. After so many years, separated teen foster sisters are back together. One of the girls can’t help noticing that her sister is… different… somehow, and her foster parents give off creepy vibes with how intimate they are with her. Her world comes crashing down when she learns that her sister has been having sex with them! What she immediately realizes is that her foster sister is a filthy slut. She’s horrified when she starts sucking her foster dad’s cock right in front of her. But everyone knows that it is only a mask, as a teen slut is burning inside. So when the family offers the same deal to her, it’s easy to figure out what will they do. Two of the girls quickly start sucking his dick. His wife is there watching everything, she wants to join the teen girls and have that shaft in her mouth and everything turns into a foursome. The woman is here to show the girls her cock sucking skills. The foster sister is still tense but enjoys every moment as they move into the bedroom. Now the naked girls are kissing their foster father as he digs deep inside of their pussies with his tongue. All three of the girls are already so wet and he wants to taste their juices. His shaft is now inside one of them, as the other one has her pussy eaten. Now it’s time for the youngest of them to get penetrated missionary style. She is about to cry as this much older guy goes deep inside of her little pussy while rubbing her clit. It doesn’t take before he realizes that this young slut loves it rough. Naked girl is twitching and moaning, but the last thing she would want for him is to stop. The fact that her foster sister is watching her only makes things more enjoyable. Now she finally feels free. She doesn’t even think if what she is doing is morally wrong, as it’s all about enjoyment. She loves licking her foster sister’s pussy as her snatch is drilled deep. Three of the girls are sweaty and out of control, but this is the best family reunion. They are all enjoying a foursome that will put them to their limits and will end in the best possible way. The incredible amount of cum produced by their foster dad is enough to paint their faces as they kiss and taste his semen. This forbidden foursome might be wrong, but that’s something that made them close than ever. That’s why they’ll need to do it again! 