What do you do when you spot your stepsister and her best friend stuck under the bed? Well, this dude decided to pull their shorts and panties off and stick his cock into their little pussies. Here’s how it went down. The dumb bimbos were doing their nails and one of them dropped the nail polish under the bed. The girls went to get it, but in the process got stuck under the bed. The stepbrother noticed that they weren’t making much noise anymore so he went to go check on them. He saw them lying there and he just went like “Well, guess I’ll fuck them” and that’s exactly what he did. First, he immediately undressed the blonde chick and started licking her pussy and eating her out. Her friend noticed that she was making those faces you make when you’re getting your pussy licked. The dude didn’t leave her hanging for too long as he stopped eating out his stepsister and moved on to her friend as he undressed her and then started to lick her pussy. She gasped aloud as she felt his hot mouth against her pussy. He spread her cute ass cheeks and licked her pussy. Nothing like a little bit of family relation management like fucking your sister and her best friend, right? Well, that’s what this guy thought and so he pulled out his cock and started rubbing it against the blonde bitch’s ass first. He slid the cock inside of her and started fucking her right there while she was under the bed. He had no remorse and he was just going at it like it was a normal Tuesday afternoon. He fucked her harder and harder and then went on to her friend who was just eagerly waiting for that dick to be hers the whole time. He kept sliding his veiny shlong inside their pussies one by one.   The girls whimpered in delight as he penetrated their young slits. After he was done fucking them for a bit under the bed, he helped them out at which point they were basically obligated to have a threesome with him. The naked girls started to orally please him as he did to them and reward him for all his chivalry in saving them and fucking them beforehand as well. They just haven’t had a good fuck in years and they really needed someone to fuck their minds out so that they can get back on track and let them enjoy themselves properly. He did that and the three of them had one of the sexiest threesomes that you’ll ever see. He fucked both naked girls in every position that he could think of and he never held back for a moment. He had no regrets for fucking his stepsister even though it’s a bit taboo to do so. He fucked her hard and her friend as well and he did it in every position and pose imaginable. It’s like he was studying Kamasutra beforehand. After he was done fucking them, he ended up jizzing all over their faces and mouths which they absolutely enjoyed a lot. Naked girls snowballed his creamy cum into each others mouths while he watched in amazement.