This plumber enters the house, and as soon as he makes his way inside, the naughty MILF starts bothering him with her gorgeous body. It is pretty obvious that her husband is not capable of pleasing her, so she starts hitting on the plumber harder and harder and harder, she eventually puts her ass in the dude’s face, but this kind of move doesn’t do much as she is soon discovered by her husband. Well, she isn’t exactly discovered, but the situation got pretty damn close to this happening, so yeah. Her man leaves the room and then she whips her massive tits out and starts riding the young handyman’s face with her shaved pussy. Her hips thrust forward, her big fat ass and pussy spread wide over his well used face. The plumber has no choice but to attend to her extensive needs. The woman turns around and licking on the dude’s boner as a way of repaying him. Her husband manages to come back once again. The plumber even fisbumps the blonde’s husband, but the dude manages to keep coming in over and over, even after this dude makes it to the bathroom. The young lad and the mature blonde are now in the show while the old ass dude chills in the bathroom which is pretty weird. The old man passes the tools around, but the plumber doesn’t need any tools but his tool down there. The horny woman keeps sucking on that dick harder and harder, making the vascular meat pole twitch a little bit more with every single suck. After enough time has passed, this naked woman finds her twat all stretched out as this young man forces his cock inside of this wet hole.   MILF moans as her hole gets drilled nice and deep, pushing her big ass hardre onto him. This woman puts one of her legs on her lover’s shoulders while she gets fucked, which makes this encounter so much more intense. This young lad is pulled in super close to her while he drills that cunt, and that makes the entire experience just so much more intimate for both of these folks. The short dude picks up the pace as time goes by, and he then bends this blonde up. The woman no longer has the upper hand and is now forced to take on the submissive role. The plumber pulls on her hair and holds onto her neck as he fills her up but at this point in time for the positions to switch around a little bit. Naked woman gets on top, but the young dude is the only one moving his hips in this situation. She moans very, very loudly as the boner enters her tight wet hole, and the intensity of the moaning picks up as time goes by. Her big swinging titties are great. The blonde starts shaking a little bit as that cock enters her deeper and deeper, but she can’t find the resolve to snap out of the trance this cock put her in.