You all know how things work at Oktoberfest, right? Chicks with pigtails rock super seductive dresses and Bavarian lads are out to get them fucked! When these two drunk German girls spot what Hans is packing in his lederhosen, they can’t resist a rowdy game of hide-the-sausage. This hunk was just dancing around, minding his business, and then the hot girls approach him and lift their Bavarian skirts up. They grab this lad’s hands and take him away to fool around with him. Soon enough, all of these folks get rid of their clothes…and the fun could begin. The brunette bends over and spreads her cheeks only to have her ass hole licked by her blonde friend. The bald dude then starts licking her pussy together with her. The German slut whimpers in pleasure as she gets both her holes thoroughly licked. The blonde steps away to suck on her brunette partner’s titties and Hans puts his cock inside of the girl. The adorable blonde sucks on the tits in front of her as hard as she can while the young man shoves his Bavarian sausage deep inside of her cunt. Then, these girls are prepared to take full ownership of the man right next to them. The naked blonde pushes the young lad to the floor and starts riding his boner while her friend rides his face! Both naked girls look so hot in their high white socks. Both girls have bushy pussies. The hot brunette rubs her wet pussy all over his face using his nose as a plaything to rub her swollen clit as his tongue licks her open hole. The brunette then puts her pussy on her partner’s cock, and as soon as she does this, the man starts moving his hips furiously. The blonde sucks on her friend’s tits while she gets drilled and rubs on her clit. He is fucking her hard and fast, pistoning in and out of her wet cunt, his balls slapping on her clit at each thrust. After realizing the cock was pounding away at the brunette’s pussy for way too long, it was time for the entire thing to change. As soon as the babe stops moving, the cock is pulled out, and the lonely girl starts sucking on that thing really hard.   Both naked girls were waiting for their turn to get their pussy fucked. Hell, the blonde was going way too hard…it looked as if her life depended on sucking the air out of that big fat boner. So, this man decides that it is time for her to have some, and so he bends the naked girl over, grabs her pigtails with both hands and starts drilling that cunt from the back while the blonde eats her friend’s gorgeous little pussy. She licks harder and harder as time goes by, and then, the brunette can no longer hold back, so she allows for the young dude’s penis to enter her wonderful little cunt. One of the naked girls is getting her tight hole drilled while the other one is helping her deal with the sensations that she is experiencing. Obviously, there was no way to top the pleasure of the woman in the middle as her facial expression was surely unlike anything you’ve ever seen. First off, it looked as if she was feeling some sort of despair, but then, there was a huge dose of happiness right underneath this seemingly painful expression. Did this woman look as if she was in pain because of the man thrusting his massive boner inside of her cute little pussy? He kept pounding both naked girls and came all over their faces, letting them play with the cum.