This day kicks off as literally any other day for me. I’m just chilling at my garage, and of course, I don’t expect anything weird to happen to me…but in the end, it did. This cute girl called Megan pulls up in her big BMW and complains about her engine fucking up. To be quite honest, this girl wasn’t really famous for being bright and all that…I mean, at least when it comes to cars and stuff like that. It is perfectly understandable, though, as she was doing quite well in life. I mean, being able to afford a car like that is quite the feat, so she’s got to be good at something, right? It turned out that hottie was a pro at sucking cocks! As soon as I got her engine all sorted out, this babe decided to have a little fun with me! Slowly, seductively she pushed her dress down her slender body, showing off her amazing big tits. She pulled her dress off, and I saw what was underneath…, and she really did have an amazing ass that you’ve got to appreciate. I couldn’t help playing around with that gorgeous booty! Though I had some foreplay in mind, too, so I got this gal to kneel, and started fucking her throat. This babe seemed to be pretty submissive sexually, which was pretty adorable. Holding her head with both hands I managed to shove my whole monster cock deep into her throat. Hot naked girl stood up, laid on her back on the hood of her BMW and spread her legs for me. I slowly moved between her beautiful legs, sliding deep into her wet cunt. Her powerful cunt muscles immediately squeezed my member. The feeling and sight of my cock sliding into her lovely pussy was amazing. He began fucking her with growing desperation as I watched her big tits jiggle up and back beneath me. Naked girl turned over and I kept drilling her from the back while she was leaning on her car. This chick got on top for me and started bouncing that massive ass on my dick while looking at me directly in the eye. You’d think that a woman like this is aware of the power that her eyes have, and boy oh boy, she was more than aware of her greatest attributes.   Naked girl was now jumping up and down on my cock, the power of her vaginal orgasm forcefully squeezed my penis. She decided to switch the positions out a little bit, and then she tried out the reverse cowgirl treatment. For someone who did all the work, she was enjoying this thing right here way too much. This babe had legs that could last you for days…she just kept bouncing up and down for quite some time, and obviously, there was no stopping her. However, I did want to pick up the pace, so I started moving my hips while the naked babe was moving her hips, too. She started moaning louder and louder as I increased the speed at which I thrust inside of her wonderful little hole, which was a great sign. Unlike most men, I really care about female pleasure, even in a situation like this, where I am supposed to be the one who is laying back while she does all the work. However, her screams simply sounded way too good for me, so I could not stop my thighs from moving back and forth and smacking against that godly ass of hers. We were back in the hoodie-oriented doggy style, Her amazing cheeks looked so great while I was drilling that hole!