She was always an ambitious girl, and that’s what helped her get where she is now. She has a perfect job, but she always feels like her sex life could be better. She might be looking stunning, and guys adore her, but lately, she figured that she needs more. One average size dick will never make her happy, and that’s why she dreams about having a threesome with men that will take her to the limit. The teen girl just met her new boss and his assistant, and they are so friendly towards her. Judging by her smile, she knows what is about to happen. Her pussy is already dripping wet, and they finally show her their huge black cocks, she is having a hard time breathing. She never saw such impressive shafts in her life. They are big, black and fat, but that won’t scare her. Maybe other girls would run away, but her ambitious nature would never let her do that. She takes their black dicks deep inside of her mouth and doesn’t even gag. They are too massive for her to deepthroat them, but with a bit of patience and practice, she’ll do it. But it’s time for her to get naked and show them her assets. Guys are impressed as they bang her white little pussy doggy style, before impaling her missionary style. She still can’t believe this is happening, as it’s time for another round of cock sucking. Now she is doing it even better. While the young naked girl is stroking one dick with her hand, the other is in her mouth. Now she can even taste her pussy juices, which were never so sweet. She can feel that she is dripping wet and ready for more, but cock sucking is almost like a time out, even when her throat is fucked. Schlong is even deeper in her tiny mouth, while the other guy is not wasting any time, banging her pussy as hard as he can. Brunette loves it when they slap her cute little ass and slam her faster. Of course, there is pain involved; it would be a lie if she would claim she doesn’t feel it. But at the same time, the combination of pain and pleasure is what drives her wild. That is what gives her the strength to continue. As she is riding her new boss on his office table, she can’t control herself anymore. She squirts like crazy while doing it cowgirl style, so everything turns into a mess. And what better ending to have than drill her pussy balls deep and cum inside of her? She loves it so much that both black guys do it, cumming into her one by one, filling her pussy with their cum. This is the best proof that she’s done it well as this threesome will continue. 