I’m a gym rat, but I’ve never seen this babe before. She sure is stretchy and looks fantastic while doing it. Two of us were alone, and what I soon discovered is that she is a kinky slut. Once there was no one around but me, she dropped her panties and started playing with her teen pussy. That was her way of telling me that she likes me, and I was intrigued. Next time we went shopping and right there she was playing with pussy, masturbating in the change room while filming herself, like there is nothing wrong with it. The next, with went to a cafe and she didn’t have panties on! I was fascinated by her craziness, but I didn’t mind. Now that we are finally home, she got undressed in a second and spread her legs wide. I get extreme closeups of her lovely pussy, and her pretty, prominent clit. Her clit was impossibly swollen and sticking out from between her pussy lips. I move right in close for some excellent detailed clitoris close up views. With her hood pulled back she continues lightly rubbing her clitty. There’s lots of great anus views as she gently caresses her clit with one finger and squeezes her anus muscle for me. She then gaped for me, spreading her vagina wide so I could see inside! Of course, she was dripping wet by that point, stretching her pussy that could easily fit two big dicks. It was incredible just looking at her playing with her pussy. She is barely legal and seems so sweet, but underneath it all, she is a nympho that can’t stop thinking about sex. Now a sex toy is going inside of her pussy as she is on the floor doing the splits on it, and she is still looking at me, driving me mad. She is not ashamed a bit, and sometimes I think she would do it in front of everyone. She doesn’t see anything wrong with her behavior, and I’m happy that she is my girl, my perverted slut. But I haven’t told you the best bit, as she loves fisting. Gaping some more, she then experiments with pushing her limits, trying to fist herself. Watching her taking her hand in her meat hole made me extremely excited. Who knows what will she do next to get me going! 