Lesbians always know how to find each other, any place, any time. Two blondes are both out for some late night groceries without a clue as to how wild their night will end up. One of them is an exhibitionist who loves to show off, and the other blonde can’t help but find herself attracted to this sexual vixen. As there is no one around, the girls decide this is the right place for their unexpected sex session. The sexy blonde spreads her legs, and the tattooed dike can notice, she is not wearing no panties under her dress and her pussy is glistening. She kneels in front of her, spreads her lover’s pussy and goes inside of it using her tongue. She takes her clit in her mouth and sucks sucks sucks. She licks up the sides, swirls her tongue around. She spreads her little pussy lips with her fingers and sticks her tongue inside. She is a master at it, as her partner is about to cum. Fucking in public is something she does all the time. It’s the sense of danger that drives her wild, as someone could catch them at any time. But honestly, she doesn’t even care. She is a slut and was never ashamed of that. What’s so wrong about fucking with different girls every time? She loves this pussy as it tastes so good, and listening to her lover breathing hard and moaning is the music to her ears. Luckily, the other dike is also great at it. She starts by carefully licking her pussy and even her asshole, showing that she is a pervert at heart. On her knees, she laps up her pussy, feeling her juice starting to flow down on her tongue. She keeps doing going faster, knowing that it will make her tattooed lover. She is rubbing her face all over her wet cunt as she continues to lick and suck her. At this point, these two naked girls don’t even care if anyone will see them. They need to cum as many times as they can before they leave this place.   But pussy licking in missionary and doggy style is not all they want to try. There is also time for pussy rubbing that finally makes the orgasm. They are both experts that know how to satisfy another girl, so this is almost like a friendly competition between them. Finally, the naked girls end up scissoring. Their goal now is to try and cum at the same time, as their warm pussies are colliding. It’s the best feeling in the world as they moan and go hard at it, with a smile on their faces. They are grinding their hips and clits against each other. In the end, these two sexy sapphics go for sixty-nine, licking their pussies once more. Even though one of the employees catches them doing it, he stays silent, not believing what is going on. The naked girls don’t even care, as they stop only after they cum once more. There is no sense of shame and guilt, as they will go home together and continue what they’ve started. This porn site was voted the “world’s best lesbian site.” The hottest lesbian dolls get their pussies and asshole licked, sucked, fingered and teased in the wildest dyke action you can find on the web! 