A shy girl sits in silence alone on a set of stairs and watches quietly as a party carries on. It is obvious that she is interested in this guy but she will never really approach him or make any sort of assertive move, which is petty normal for a nerd like this. She looks on with a bit of envy, clearly wishing she could take the place of the girl he’s talking to. Who’s up for a game of Seven Minutes In Heaven? The party host  explains that they’re all 18 here so this isn’t going to be some lame-ass PG-13 kiss on the lips shit. Janet pulls two strips of paper out of the hat and announces the two names! She tells them the clock is ticking and urges them upstairs and starting the countdown. The dude just grabs this chick’s hand and takes her upstairs. He pulls her white panties aside and starts kissing and licking her teen cunt. Then he moves his cockhead between her wet pussy lips and shoves his boner inside of that tight little pussy. However, while this happens, this dude sends out a message to the people downstairs. They now know what is happening, so they start heading upstairs very, very slowly. The teen changes the positions up a little bit, drops her face to the bed and starts moaning as she is drilled. She keeps her eyes closed during the entire encounter, so she doesn’t notice all these people coming to the top floor. Shy girl unsuspectingly continues to enjoy her seven minutes in heaven with her crush. However, she doesn’t want to stop having sex, even though a lot of people are watching her. Hell, they are all recording her, but she doesn’t seem to mind a bit. The people behind her are making all sorts of jokes as she rides that big hard boner, actually cumming right in front of everyone. Her slutty personality comes to the surface! This babe bounces her titties for a while, but now she drops down to her knees and starts sucking on that big fat meat rod nicely and moaning. She manages to twerk her ass cheeks while she does this, too. He cums all over her face with everybody watching. 