My girlfriend recently turned 18 and that’s when we started dating. However, she still looks really petite, even for her age. I knew I had to please her in whatever way I can so that she would do as many sexual favors for me in return as well. So, one day I got something in the mail. It was a sex toy that I was going to set up in the living room so that she could be horny all the time just by looking at it and that would mean infinite sex for me. She wanted to know what it was so I told her. I even suggested that she should try it out right now. The top consisted of a dildo part which she inserted inside of her and a prickly part which was used to vibrate hard at her clitoris area. As you might have expected, the thing worked like a charm, and she was absolutely losing her mind as she was riding it. Her pussy is oozing cream, and her aroma is amazing. She has never had multiple orgasms in her life, and I was about to show her how she can feel those. Of course, the machine won’t be able to do that by itself, so naturally, I had to step in and give her a hard drilling as well. And not just any cock would work, you need something as big as mine to drill this cutie properly and give her a ramming that she will never forget in her life. Anyway, I took her and forced her to suck my cock first. She did it with great pleasure seeing as how much I cared for her by buying that machine. Afterward, I started to touch and grope her and I put her in the first position for our fuck fest. She reached between her legs and guided my hot throbbing cock into her sloppy cunt. She moaned and gasped and arched her back up to me.   Her legs really started to shake and I knew she was going to come again. She was begging for more, whimpering, urging me on as my cock pressed hard into her clit stretching her tight pussy. Her orgasm hit her like a truck and she screamed my name, grabbing me hard, thrusting her hips at me and gasping for breath. Her legs were shaking and pussy juices were continuing to pour from her pussy. I fucked her so hard that she orgasmed not once, not twice, but more than three times. At three I just stopped counting if I am to be completely honest. Who knows how much she came there. Her young body was so sensitive she couldn’t stop cumming. Each thrust of my cock into her drenched pussy made her body shiver, her body was completely under my control. Her mind didn’t work anymore. All she wanted was more cock, more cum, and I gave it to her again and again. Her pussy had been fucked so much it hurt. Holding her tightly, I kept pounding into her petite body, making her cum again and again. “Oh god, yes! Fuck me! Oh yes, baby, fuck me!” she cried out with each powerful thrust of my cock. The room was filled with the sounds of fantastic sex!