A guy accidentally dropped something under the table and, the moment he went under to get it, his stepsister walked into the room and yelled at him, trying to pull off a prank. Unfortunately, he got scared and jumped instinctively, bumping his head against the table and passing out. He soon woke up but when he started talking to her, she realized he had suffered from a memory loss. Upon seeing a dashing, young babe with massive, natural tits in front of him and not remembering she was his stepsister, he immediately started hitting on her, trying to hook up. She was hesitant at first but gave in when he pulled his throbbing boner out of his pants. They ended up in her room where she quickly undressed, showing off her amazingly curvaceous body and her gorgeous boobs. He went down on her and started licking her already dripping and pulsating pussy. She enjoyed passionate licking but needed something even more hardcore so, still lying on the bed on her back, she spread her legs and he started drilling her balls deep. Soft moans turned into erotic screams as she was being pounded vigorously, feeling her tight, soft pussy stretching from his fat rod. She had been a cum slut since she was eighteen. It’s hard for this babe to reach orgasm without a cock in her mouth. She is addicted to cum. She went on her knees and slobbered all over his huge cock, tasting her juices all over his shaft before straddling him in cowgirl position for more fucking. She was fondling her beautiful tits and tweaking her nipples hard as she squirmed in pleasure. I think this teen babe has the most beautiful tits in the whole world. She looks amazing with a nice ass, slim waist and big tits. Her big tits were slapping against her chest, so I reached up and took each one into my hands. Young butsy girl kept taking him deep, grinding her cunt onto his rigid cock, rubbing, squeezing her boobs with both hands. It didn’t take long for her to cum screaming. From there on out, they were only picking up the pace as they kept changing positions. He put his naked busty stepsister on all fours and eased his cock into her well-lubed cunt. Her big tits were hanging down gave each one a smack. His stepsis came numerous times before he shot massive loads of hot cum all over her slutty and curvaceous body. 