So, seeing as my girlfriend, who is a year younger and her friend are supposed to head out to college real soon, they start feeling all anxious and all that normal stuff, you know? Weird ideas come to your head when you’re in that period, but what my gorgeous girlfriend had in store for me was something pretty strange. She calls me, and I head out into the room, and then, she just tells me everything on the spot without hesitating. She wants to share me with her friend. Both of the girls are keen on riding my dick and even sucking it, too. I was freaked out, and I was expecting this to be a trap, but after a few minutes, I found out that it actually wasn’t one of “those” moments dudes from all over the world experienced with their girlfriends. So, my girl pulls my shorts down, and she and her gal start licking up on my boner and my balls together!!! It was a pretty neat experience for me to be quite honest. I mean, it seemed as if they were practicing or something. One of the girls sticks to running their tongue all over the shaft while the other one applies suction to the tip, and that kind of thing just feels absolutely amazing. It’s the kind of experience I want every dude out there to feel. Now, seeing as there was no need for me to move or anything like that, my naked girlfriend gets on top of me and starts riding my huge boner. It is an exquisite sight to see her glistening wet pussy lips around my dick. I keep pounding and pounding my hard cock deep into her tight, teen pussy until she cums all over my shaft and balls. Her friend is there kissing her nipples, caressing her titties and rubbing her clit. She moans and stares at me as all of this happens, but then, she gets off and has me shove my boner inside of her friend.   My babe does not seem to mind this, either, which was pretty strange. However, trying out a new pussy every now and then isn’t a bad thing, if you ask me. The naked girl lowers her pussy towards my cock, the tip of my head touches the entrance to her pink love canal and then finally she impales herself onto my member as she stares into my eyes. Nothing compares to feeling a new pussy for the first time! She is tight – very tight – but oh so very wet and hot, a tightly grasping vise of a twat. The girls want to leave me with one last little present – taking turns riding my cock with their tight, wet pussies! Now her friend is slamming herself onto me, rising quickly, and slamming back down again, her petite body trembles. I just keep staring at her tight pussy. Both naked girls get on their kness with their cute little asses poking up in the air. The girls let me choose which one I want to fuck first. The girls asses and pussies look amazing. Their perfectly-shaved pussies, the double blow job, and fucking both girls tight holes pushed me over the edge. I get her friend to lay down on her back after I’m done hitting them both from the back, and I get to drilling that cunt from the front. My babe gets really turned on watching me fuck her friend. I pull my cock out of her friend’s pussy and rub it on my girl’s pussy slit. She wants me to fuck her as hard as I can, cum in her and watch her friend eat the cum out of her vagina.