I’m sure every woman has a fantasy of being fucked by two or three guys at the same time, being treated like a slut, cheap whore, even if they never act on it. The moment you see these two dudes and this chick talking in the background, you know that she’s up to no good with them. They’re both wearing suits and she’s wearing the shortest skirt that she could find. It was perfect for turning them on and that’s when they turned a blind eye to whatever else they were doing and just concentrating on getting her in a dark alleyway where they can fuck her. Of course, they won’t just start penetrating her immediately. First she has to do something for them to prove that she is worthy. The teen slut gets down on her knees and starts sucking them off. They both love it and she even starts sucking both of their dicks at the same time without any problem. The guys took off her panties, looking at her hot wet pussy which was just aching to get fucked hard. They knew there was a side to her that craved being treated like a cheap whore. They both started to use her up like she’s the common whore and they love taking advantage of her like that as well. They took her, one on each side, fucking her from both angles. The guy fucking her teen cunt was squeezing her ass at the same time he rammed her. The other guy fucking her throat used her hair as is grip causing her pain. Young whore loved the feeling of their hard cocks inside of her and she just wanted more and more and that was exactly what they ended up giving her. They kept fucking the living hell out of this teen whore in a dark alleyway. She was absolutely getting off on being treated like a cheap whore. It was a beautiful thing. She had actually wanted them to demean, abuse and degrade her. The girl wanted them to go further, be cruder, dirtier and more wanton. She wanted to do filthier and more lewd acts with them both. A few passersby stopped and glanced at the girl getting spitroasted in a dark alleyway near a dumpster. She enjoyed being fucked like a cheap whore. One of the dudes came on her face, she smiled up and caught the cum. His friend kept fucking the crazy bitch. The dudes all took turns in that position and cummed in her holes. 