There’s always a horny uncle, everywhere you go. In the comic books, in stand-up comedy, in movies, porn videos, everywhere. And this video is not an exception either. So, this Uncle Joe, as he called himself, was sleeping with his best friend’s daughter for a while now. She lost her virginity with him, she was his princess, the niece he never had. The only problem was, she has a younger sister who’s still a virgin and has no idea what’s going on. Naturally, the uncle wanted to be the guy to, uh, cross the border, so he told her to seduce her sister. The girl wasn’t too happy about that, but she would do anything to make him happy. Uncle Joe was seated comfortably in a pool chair watching the girls play in the pool. The younger sister didn’t have a bathing suit, her pussy and her nipples could be seen through her white, wet underwear. The old pervert got a great view of her nubile teen body. Come on, between her step-sister and him being their dad’s best friend, they’re all practically family here – no need to be so bashful. The two half naked girls frolic in the water, laughing and giggling as they chase around the pool, splashing each other and trying to catch each other. Uncle Joe watches the girls through his sunglasses with perverted interest. Eventually, when the girls were sleeping, side by side in bedrolls on the floor, the uncle arranged a little surprise for them. That, surprise, was, of course, his cock. The bedroom door creaked open, the old pervert looked the young girls over hungrily, edging his way into the room to get a closer look at their teen bodies in their nightwear. ‘D-Diana?’ the younger sister asked quietly and timidly, ‘is that you?’ No, princess, the naked man said back in a low voice, it’s her Uncle Joe! The girl rolled to her other side and she saw him fully naked, with his legs wide open and his penis poking out, her eyes went wide, what the fuck that is! Her older sister explained it to her, pulling her mouth off of his dick, “It’s no big deal!” She moved his dick to point at her little sister now as if offering it to her. “Quit being such a brat and just give him what he wants.” The girl decided to try, but she had never done anything like this before. “Don’t worry, your big sister will show you everything you need to know.” The girls started licking uncle’s huge and beautiful cock obediently, with their sweet little tongues swirling around it.   Then, the naked girls were taking it all in, choking on it literally, as they were waiting for that giant to pound their adorable little cunts. But, uncle wasn’t finished with foreplay either. First, he wanted to lick that sweet virgin pussy, then he wanted to pop her cherry. Immediate doggy style, going for the classic pose. And that whole time, her older stepsister is holding this girl’s hand. Of course, eventually, the girls switched, so uncle tried the other pussy for a bit, but the key is in detail. The key is in watching their gorgeous little faces as they’re moaning, and their eyes are rolling and twitching. You can see their hips moving slowly, making shapes, just to accommodate the bigness of that cock. And after that, they changed numerous poses. Some doggy style, a little bit of missionary, and of course, riding, and reverse cowgirl pose. Naked girls were riding him cowgirl-style and clearly putting in a lot more work and enthusiasm. All that time, while the fucking was happening to one of them, the other girl would be there as the support, caressing balls and sucking on nipples… It was amazing. And the way he finished the younger, barely illegal sister. He kept fucking her, and he kept increasing the speed of his thrusts. She was moaning and screaming, begging for that orgasm to happen. The young naked girls moaned in pleasure and called out Uncle Joe’s name as they bounced up and down on his dick. The sister was young and inexperienced and she had never seen a man cum before, so her older sister had to jerk off and make Uncle Joe ejaculate his cum in her mouth. 