His wife has just finished putting the finishing touches on a birthday present for her nephew. It’s one of those famous All Dolled Up action figures most college kids seem to be going nuts about. His wife has given him strict instructions to leave the box alone… Unfortunately, his curiosity gets the better of him… As soon as this man gets the wrap off, he notices that it has some amazing breasts, and he starts fondling them. He just can’t help sucking on those massive titties! Time to test out this doll and find out if it lives up to its name… The doll quickly gets rid of the pants and starts sucking on that boner. This sex machine puts her big breasts on this man’s boner and starts playing around with them. Her breasts go up and down and this dude seems to be pretty impressed with this tittyfucking action. Then the hot blonde doll gets on top of him and starts rubbing her ass against his big fat cock. His heart paces as he sees her big round buttocks. What a sight! At first, she is the one putting in the most work, but after a while her man starts moving the hips and making sure that his cock goes in as deep as possible. She has an amazing, big bubble ass and she knows how to use it. She is shaking her hips, slamming herself onto his cock, twerking and grinding herself onto him. Then, reverse cowgirl action is what comes through next. This hot naked babe bounces her hips and slaps her huge jugs while riding him. Then this naked babe puts her face on the bed, her amazing ass up, and starts bucking her ass back against him in sync with him to meet the powerful thrusts. He grabs the hips of his woman with one hand, and the other one squeezes on the babes’ wrist, and like this, he keeps her in check while he fucks her tight little hole. He then pins her down and starts fucking her in the missionary position while keeping one of her legs in the air. This beautiful naked blonde stares at her man directly in the eye while he fucks her nice and deep…and she also talks dirty. 