Young brunette has a problem. She feels so horny, but her boyfriend is away and won’t be back for a couple of days. That means that she is forced to find a substitute for him, and since she isn’t picky, her roommate will do it for her. It all started once he saw her sucking a dildo and getting naked in the bathroom. She was so sexy and beautiful. He couldn’t help admiring her curves. Her breasts are round and full, her legs are so fantastic, her belly is flat, her ass is big, bouncy, nicely rounded, and her pussy is so small. At first, he was shocked, and he started filming his naked roommate playing with a sex toy. But when she noticed him, she wasn’t angry but asked him to join her. Hot naked brunette just wanted a real cock! His hot throbbing dick was inside of her mouth now and was growing rapidly as she also sucked his balls. She was so cock-hungry that she could stay like this forever. Plus, there was something so special about fucking someone new. Every dick is different, and she prayed that this one is large enough for her taste. Luckily, she got more than she hoped for. Her lover smashed her pussy from behind, starting slowly, but not for long. He speeded up the rhythm as she felt that inch by inch, he was going deeper inside of her. She was biting her tongue not to scream, but it was hard controlling her emotion. What she loved about this guy was that he felt her so well. Brunette enjoyed it when he slapped her ass and forcing her to go balls deep when she started to ride him cowgirl style. He reached out and grabbed her gorgeous tits with both hands. He was rewarded with the sight of this beautiful naked girl bounce on his cock with wild abandon, the sight of her amazing tits in all their glory. Her fat ass and massive tits were bouncing, as she enjoyed every second, grinding that big beautiful bubble butt into him.   The next thing he did was to bang her missionary style. While she was sucking his fingers, he impaled her balls deep. By this moment, the brunette had no problem letting him do whatever he wanted and using her like a sex doll. No other man had been so dominant with her before, and she loved it. Now they moved on the floor, and after the naked girl once again sucked his shaft, it was time for her to ride him reverse cowgirl style while playing with tits and pussy. She always needs more, and even though she already came, that was only the beginning. Like a real nympho, busty brunette won’t stop until the moment she is exhausted to the point that she can barely move. She could feel that he was about to cum, so she went back to her knees with her mouth wide open, signaling that she was ready to taste his cum. He didn’t mind that at all, as he sprayed his load on her tongue, all over her pretty face and on her big tits. Naked girl was messy but so happy that he produced so much semen for her. Her boyfriend could dream about finishing so strong. Now she’ll let him rest, but soon after, the brunette will be back for more!