A young blonde was invited to visit her girlfriend’s home and meet her mom, but she was bewildered. Her friend passionately kissed her mommy, and she felt uncomfortable. “I’ll be in my room, so be sure to come straight up when you’re done with your friend, darling. I can’t wait for you to sit on my face!” the woman cheerfully said, “Yes, mommy!” The girl looked on in shock at this very blunt exchange. Disturbed by the conversation, the blonde politely tried to excuse herself from the house her friend explained that she isn’t her REAL mother, she’s her sugar mommy! Her friend told her that the MILF took care of her bills, food, rent…everything. In exchange, she pretended to be her daughter and did ANYTHING the mature lesbian asked. ‘I wonder if -I- should get a sugar mommy…’ the little blonde shyly said, her friend took her hand and lead her to the bedroom. Can you blame her? Plus, this mature was hot and could probably teach her a lesson or two. The lesbian turned predatory and began seducing the girl, saying she was interested in taking on a second daughter. The girls both kept caressing and fawning over her. She had never been with a woman, moreover with two lesbians, but it looks like she loved it that she was in the center of attention, as her girlfriend and cougar were licking her pussy. The girls just started, and she was already so close to cumming! The young blonde still couldn’t believe that this was happening, but as she came for the first time, she was finally ready to give in. There was no sense of guilt anymore, as the action got rougher. The young girl was going to show her new sugar mommy how grateful she was to be part of the family, eating her girlfriend’s pussy, while she was diving in the mature snatch. Their screams filled the room, but this only the beginning. The lesbians were showing their perverted side, as both blonde and mommy were going for anal play. It was even better once young naked girls started scissoring, while the naked woman was on top of them, letting the teens rub her pussy and come once more. 