My stepsister and her mom moved in a few weeks ago, and since then, we never got on the same side. I mean, she looks gorgeous, but her personality is a whole different thing. Today, I was furious at her, as I had to take a shower with cold water. I thought that this little bitch was to blame, as I’ve found her in topless, lying on the bed. I was so out of control that I didn’t even care that I was naked in front of her. Surprisingly, she was calm, as she focused her attention on my dick, telling me that she is surprised by its size. That’s when I figured out I should teach her a lesson, as it was apparent she would love to taste my shaft. I mean, we both know that this is wrong on so many levels, but that’s what makes it exciting. Her mom and my dad are not at home, and they don’t need to know about this. I was hard like never before in my life, and it would be a mistake to waste this opportunity. Once a little slut started sucking my shaft, I knew I made the right decision! She started slowly, but I admired her willingness to take it down her throat while playing with my balls. She might be barely 18, but she doesn’t lack experience. God knows how many boys she fucked since her high school days. After that, I fucked her tits before cumming on her panties. That was good enough for the first time, but we both knew this would continue. Hours later, I saw her in the living room and once again gave her a chance to play with my boner. It felt fantastic as she was kissing it and taking it once more in her mouth for a deepthroat before it was time to fuck her finally. My step sister pulled her panties off, staring at my cock. Then my naked sister squatted over me, a foot on the bed at each side of my hips, impaling herself on my cock. Her meat hole was dripping wet, so I had no trouble sliding it deep inside her pussy. Gradually, she picked up the pace, grinding her hips in a circular motion, squishing her pussy lips against the base of my cock and crushing my pelvic bone against her clit. We’ve just started, and I was already nailing her balls-deep. She rode me hard, bouncing and rocking her hips, repeatedly impaling herself on my shaft as I cupped her breasts in my hands.   What a slender sex kitten! My stepsis was kept riding me in a reverse cowgirl style. I watched her fat ass bounce. I felt that I could do whatever I want with her sexy slim body as she enjoyed every second. Nailing her doggy style while listening to her moaning was exceptional, as I could feel that I’m pushing her to her limits. But whatever I did, that beautiful smile was always on her face, inspiring me to continue. Once she spread her legs wide, I could penetrate her missionary style while she was playing with her clit. My hot naked sister wanted more of my prick, so she opened her legs wide apart, almost split horizontally and screamed in pleasure as I penetrated her deeply. I was so thrilled that this was happening, and I did whatever I could to keep going as long as I could. Finally, when it was my time to cum, I spread the semen across her cute face and those beautiful tits. My balls were empty as her face was a mess. She even took a bit of cum in her mouth to taste it. Now we understand each other much better, as we’ll continue fucking.