Gorgeous blonde American babe decided to spent her vacation in Europe. That was also a chance for her to explore her sexuality. Friendly as she is, she was happy to meet this young couple that took her on a ride with their boat. They showed her around the island, where she had her very first threesome. The didn’t waste time, so as they’ve stepped on the shore, the blonde was already on her knees with a brunette, as the girls both sucked their lover’s massive dick. Minutes later, they moved to their house near the ocean but decided to stay in the garden. Looks like some great G-G action with two beautiful naked girls. Then you add in a long, hard cock and you have the perfect threesome. Young brunette was the first one to start riding his dick while the blonde was sitting on his pussy-pleasing face and letting him eat her pussy. Even though it was only a start, she was about to cum in his mouth for the first time. Now it was her turn to take it reverse cowgirl style. His shaft was rock hard, and it hurt a bit, but as she was kissing her new girlfriend, things got better soon. Her beautiful breasts were bouncing up and down, up and down. Her pussy was tested to the limit, and she loved every second of it. This is by far the best sex scene ever! A perfect comb of super hot girls with awesome romance and exquisite love-making! Seriously, the chemistry between him and the girls is incredible. Trembling orgasms for his girlfriend, the busty blonde rides him again, his babe is back on top riding in cowgirl. Enticed by the bouncing, swinging and swaying of her big titties! This guy is excellent and knows how to please these two hot naked girls at the same time. Even when he fucks her girlfriend, he still manages to rub American girl’s pussy. While he bangs her doggy style, her face is deep inside his girlfriend’s snatch, making her a  strong orgasm. Finally, once it’s his time to cum, the naked girls line up and open their mouths as he showers their faces with loads of cum. The blonde is so happy that this happened to her – this is already the best vacation ever! 