Captain Marvel might be a superhero capable of beating every man, but at the same time, she can’t resist a massive dick. So after her training is done, she immediately drops her shirt to reveal her massive tits. No man on the planet could resist her charms as she grabs his shaft and starts to suck it with her wonderful mouth. She feels how it grows inside of her warm mouth, as it’s getting hard for her to swallow it all. But all these years of training are helping her achieve deepthroat. Only once she is satisfied by her performance, she lets him bang her pussy balls deep before cumming in her mouth. Captain Marvel possesses the abilities of flight, enhanced strength, the skill to shoot concussive energy bursts and the skill to make any man cum like crazy! The hot blonde is happy to receive such a massive load as she tastes her cum. But the universe is so big, and she is not discriminating against anyone. So once the aliens catch her, she knows what the best way to make friends with them is. She grabs their fat cocks and strokes them before they start pounding her wonderful snatch balls deep. Her power is unlimited so the superhero can easily handle with two cocks at the same time. She is giving them so much pleasure that they realize it would be a shame if they didn’t spare her life. Once the alien cum covers her face, she can finally leave. Her next challenge is a bit different as she takes on a stunning shemale. This lusty blonde doesn’t waste any time as she starts banging her pussy, hoping that it will break her. But Captain Marvel is one of a kind, as she is able to handle everything. Even when her snatch is brutally pounded, she asks for more, until the blonde shemale is forced to cum and cover her face with cum. Captain Marvel is the real hero here, proving once again that her that she can’t be beaten! She has to have some pussy too, so she takes on her rival, who happens to be a super hot black babe who is eager to get her pussy eaten. She wastes no time as she starts fingering her, going in strong so that she cums and squirts as if she is a fountain. The super girls just enjoy the glow of the orgasm but they know that soon, the world will need saving, so the moment is brief. For Captain Marvel, it is always turbulent. One super hero at a time, she is making the world a better place and now, she gets to share DeadPool with her redhead friend. Sucking off DeadPool’s cock is a task the super girls both were eager to do, since he is a hunk after all. They slobber all over his long schlonger and even play with his scorched balls. DeadPool then fucks Captain Marvel as she eats her friend out, fingering her and licking on her clit. So damn nasty. The final thing Mr. Pool does is cum all over that phat ass our WonderWoman has. Perfection!   The most awarded porn studio in history takes on the most powerful cosmic being in the universe! They pull out all the stops and deliver the Captain Marvel we all deserve: sexy, funny, and with NO BUTT DOUBLES! Captain Marvel is already the most successful mainstream movie release of 2019 but a porn parody looks a million times better than Hollywood movie. With a star-making performance, a stellar supporting cast, costumes that blow away the mainstream ones, and even THE RETURN OF DEADPOOL, Captain Marvel porn parody is another masterpiece! Don’t miss the chance to download all the episodes of this movie.