When you’re a masseur, but your clients are female, it can be tough. To see all those naked asses every day, and all those tits… Man, it must be a pain in the ass. And you’re not allowed to touch any of them. But, sometimes, you just have to cross that line to stay sane, so that’s exactly what this dude did. He had some clients, two gorgeous thick babes, with amazing asses. And he was so tempted, and you can see the look on his face. Fortunately for him, he didn’t even need to resist it. It’s because, the moment he slid his fingers inside his pussy, the first lady got very horny. And it was beautiful, and she was simply enjoying the treatment that he was giving her, massaging her ass and her pussy. Her masseur knelt down between her legs and started munching her slit right under her girlfriend’s nose. Her girlfriend caught on, pulled back the curtain and was shocked to see their masseur eating her friend’s pussy. Instead of getting angry, however, she got turned on and offered him a little extra to fuck her friend and let her watch. That thick naked babe simply craved a cock! And it was right in front of her. And from then on, everything was great. Imagine this one dude, banging two horny, hot, thick, naked women, as they’re screaming from pleasure. Huh, you go in for a massage, and you get a cock for free, right? One of the girls grabbed his cock and stuffed it into her mouth. Very fast she made him cum with her mouth and the masseur exploded all over her friend’s big tits. His aim was good as he shot loads of cum on her nipples covering the areolas in white and clear semen as it dripped off of them. Smearing his cum on her boobs she left. So this left him with the thicker bitch, and she was all fired up. He was fucking her on the massage table, then turning her around and fucking her from behind. All while her huge ass was poking out.   And her warm pussy was very nice and tight, literally getting all pumped up, squeezing around his cock, so that she could get her pleasure. After that, though, it was the time for some hot doggy style, which was terrific. He just fucked and fucked her, and her giant ass was bouncing up and down. Great ass & POV BJ pics. And in her sweet eyes, you can see that she just wants more, especially when she licks her big lips during the fucking session. After the doggy style, though, the masseur laid down on the table, and thick naked woman jumped on him. Then, with all of his strength, he grabbed her ass and started plowing her. During this time, you can also see her sweet and tight asshole poking out, squeezing from the pleasure that her cunt was getting. She quickly jumped from his cock and started licking it and sucking it again. The masseur was just a human, though, so he was immediately ready to nut. And he didn’t want to waste the nut. Instead, he wanted to do it in her mouth and make her swallow it. And it was a relatively easy task, except that she didn’t expect it. So, when he grabbed her fucking head and put his cock inside of her throat, she was surprised, and her eyes got wider as she was swallowing that load. Damn, what a banging session.