I’m a simple man. I like tits, I like a good ass, I like fucking pussy. And honestly, it doesn’t matter where that pussy comes from. If it’s my wife, my mistress, my stepdaughter? Anyone is welcome to ride my cock if they’re hot enough. I have a really hot stepdaughter, and she’s looking for a little favor. See, I just got off work and I was really tired and stressed out. My stepdaughter came to me and she was ready to do whatever it took in order to make me drop her off at the mall. All her friends were waiting for her so she didn’t want to end up completely embarrassed since she said I’ll drive them. She knew she had to give me something in return. A little tender love and cock care should do the trick? She wasn’t even hesitant about doing it. Little slut went down on my cock pretty much instantly and started sucking on it. She loves the taste of my cock, and I even think that she just like sucking dick in general which is why she doesn’t have a problem with sucking me off. She made me cum in her mouth and swallowed all, so I dropped her off. However, that’s not the end of our story. See, the next day I caught her sneaking around the house after coming back really early in the morning when it was like 3 AM or something. She was wearing very skimpy clothing and I just had to do something in order to teach her a lesson. She might be over 18 now, but you can’t go wrong with a good spanking. So I turned her around and I started spanking her. I admit, it kinda turned me on, so I wanted more. I took off her denim shorts and started fucking away. Her pussy was still really tight from her young age and I loved feeling the wet pussy of my stepdaughter surround my thick shaft. And if I am to be completely honest with you, I think she was enjoying herself as well.   My little slut pushed her sexy ass back at me with all her strength, arched her back and spread her ass cheeks for me. She was moaning and begging for more and the only time she showed hesitance is when I cummed inside her in the end. Turns out she isn’t on birth control so let’s just hope my stepdaughter doesn’t become pregnant. Anyway, if you thought that this was the end of our little games, you’re wrong. The very next morning she needed a favor done and I just had to do it for her because she just started sucking me off straight away. I didn’t even have time to completely awaken from my slumber and she was already gobbling my cock up inside her mouth. Then my naked stepdaughter spread her legs in front of me and I fucked her in the missionary position. She got on top of me and started riding my cock. I could feel her pussy squeezing around my penis and it was amazing. Her perky tits were jiggling in front of my face. Her pussy was cherry red and her clit was protruding from its hood. I couldn’t ask for a better slut to fuck me every time she needs a favor than my hot stepdaughter. I have to admit, I had a lot of fun with her and I hope to have more sex in the future.