Nobody said sharing a house with your step-sibling was going to be a breeze. Cute, little, exotic teenie was taking her time in the bathroom and that was making her stepbrother furious. He was viciously banging on the door before she opened and they quickly ended up arguing and fighting like real step siblings. He was mad at her using his bathroom and she was adamant at using it because it was better than hers. That went on for a while but, in the process, the sexual chemistry between the teens grew until it blew out of proportions. He couldn’t resist her beautiful face and petite body with perky tits and tiny, trimmed pussy and she was hungry for his massive cock so they soon ended up passionately fondling and making out. He grabbed his sexy step sister from behind and started rubbing her pussy while fondling her tits which turned her on immensely. Wanting to be a good stepsister for a change, once they were completely naked in the bathroom, she went on her knees in front of him to play with his huge dick. She first teased it for just a bit, kissing the shaft and fondling it with her small hands before taking it in her mouth and swallowing all of it right off the bat. Her slutty, young mouth was barely enough to fit his whole girth but the tiny girl went hard at it, taking more and more in with every motion, deepthroating as much as she could. His step sister even started choking, with saliva and precum dripping all over, making her all messy and even more fuckable, but she would stop until she made sure he was rock hard, slippery, and ready for her tiny cunt. He was eager to return the favor and she was more than happy to be on the receiving end of sloppy oral foreplay so she stood up and pushed her hand against the wall, turning her firm, little ass towards him. He didn’t waste a second but happily buried his face between her cute little asscheeks, licking both of her tight holes, making them wet.   After such a long and intense foreplay, they were both impatient for something more so he just stood up and took the hot naked Ebony girl right there, from behind, forcing himself inside her tight but pulsating snatch. The look of pleasure appeared on her face and she opened her mouth in satisfaction, moaning as he started pumping her ebony pussy balls deep. He picked one of her slim legs up, spreading her pussy even more. Soon after, their adventure continued in the bedroom where naked Ebony girl bent over on the bed so that he can continue to pound her doggy style, this time even harder as she couldn’t move at all. He slammed his palm over her mouth to quiet her as he rammed her like a primitive beast. Then the sexy naked girl rode him, slamming herself down onto his cock. He grabbed her slim waist with both hands to keep her from falling as she came. From there on out, they just kept changing positions and enjoying each other in every way possible. She was so tiny he could even pick her up and pound her like a real-life fuckdoll. She ended up having multiple intense orgasms before he reached his limit and shot massive loads of cum, watching her lick it all up like an obedient stepsister.