If you were a hot chick and you had two lesbians for friends, then you would definitely think about trying things out with them at least at one point in time. This blonde negates that, but at the same time, she can’t help but be attracted to the girls. The three friends just got their new swimsuits to try on. The teens tried them on and as they were getting undressed one of them noted that she was a bit uncomfortable. The other two young lesbians reassured her and told her that she looked at them all the time in the locker room. The blonde just chuckled the issue away and continued to dress up. The swimsuit was really tight on her and the vibe is getting increasingly flirty as the girls check each other out. The girls decided that since they look this amazing, they should go inside and take some pics. The three of them took some incredibly sexy selfies and the lesbians got a bit horny from that and started to reveal their tits. Then they got even hornier and started to make out in front of their friend. By this point, she getting less and less shy, so when the girls suggested that she take her swimsuit off too, she agreed. The girls apologized for leaving her out and slowly leaned in for a steamy triple-kiss. They started to suck on each others’ tits and even the straight blonde babe’s pussy. She felt a bit hesitant but the two lesbians reassured her that it was all going to be fine and that she was going to feel great. The girls rubbed, kissied, licked her pussy. She was amazing. She had never been with a girl, her pussy was so sensitive. Then the three of them decided that enough foreplay and the naked girls began to go down on each other. The straight babe has never licked pussy in her life but she seemed to be really good at it. Just a few licks in and she was already eating pussy like she was a pro at it. It was as if she has done it a billion times before in her life and it seemed that she was really happy with her skillset. The blonde almost leapt off the bed in her eagerness to get the taste of more pussy juice in her mouth. Three naked girls took turns riding each other’s faces, frigging each other’s steaming hot pussies and licking pussy and ass to each other. 