Gorgeous brunette is a real estate agent and she had another showing with her new client. She saw he was an attractive young male and got horny for him in an instant. As they went on to see the house, she did her best to try and display her seductive curves any time possible, trying to get his attention. She would bend over in the kitchen while opening an oven, pushing her big, round, bubbly ass up in the air and then stand back up, to show her busty chest and hard nipples poking through the clothes. He remained ignorant of her attempts, looking much more interested in the house so she had to devise a new plan. Sexy babe went to the other room and tore a hole in her pants just big enough to reveal her soft, pink, shaved pussy. Her sexy skirt and erotic, red outfit only completed her seductive look so she went back to him in the kitchen and jumped on the counter, spreading her legs and revealing herself. He got stunned for a second, thinking she was just trying to sell the house but, the moment she confirmed she was only interested in him, he grabbed her firmly and started fondling her curvy body. He first tore her sweater, pulling a pair of beautiful, perky tits out to squeeze and lick them before licking her already wet cunt. When he saw her beautiful cunt, she finally got the attention she had been looking for. He kissed her very wet pussy and she gasped with pleasure. Covering her pussy with his mouth he probed deeply into her cunt with his tongue then swirled it over her clit. He continued to lick and suck her lovely pussy and her clit until she came powerfully in his mouth. She didn’t need much foreplay and he couldn’t take it anymore so he soon stood up and took her right there, on the kitchen counter. As the babe was lying on her back with legs spread far and wide, he forced his throbbing boner balls deep in her pulsating snatch and started pounding her right off the bat.   Her soft moans immediately turned into screams of pleasure as she felt him drilling her and stretching her insides with her tits bouncing back and forth in rhythm. He held them pulling her back on his cock, impaling her vigorously before turning her around to rail her doggy style. He was going as hard as possible, ramming her from behind while choking her with her hair, making this slutty brunette lose her mind in pleasure. At one point she needed a break so she pushed him away and dropped down on her knees, taking his shaft in her mouth. Still hungry for his massive dick, slut went hard at it, swallowing as much as she could, tasting her pussy juices and his precum while gagging on it. Unable to contain himself, he took the initiative and started jamming his thick rod deep down her throat, fucking her mouth, making her choke. Hot babe ended up with her fuckable face being all messy when she went back to ride his cock, mounting him in reverse cowgirl position. From there on out, they kept changing and switching, she took turns screaming while being pounded and slobbering on his boner during breaks before he shot massive loads of thick jizz all over her body.