I love my job, but it’s killing me lately. I’m always under stress, and my colleagues felt that I need to find a way to relax. All they did was to give me a number of a girl that will help me relax. She is an escort that deals with people like myself. I’ve decided to give it a try. I have to tell you; she was looking stunning, a sexy teen babe! Everything was perfect, from her long brown hair, pretty face, and that lean body. It’s relaxing when you know that she is here only for your pleasure and will let you handle her the way you like it best. I didn’t waste any time, as I wanted to play with her perfect pair of tits before she removed her panties. She then revealed her juicy pussy that was already dripping wet. She might be a professional, but I guess she genuinely enjoys sex. She was highly motivated to give me her best performance. Still, in black stockings, she let me make her cum for the first time using a vibrator. She was shaking like crazy, instructing me to continue as her smile was telling me that I was doing things the right way. It was already so hard that I couldn’t wait to see her reaction once I show her my fat shaft. Teen girl took it inside of her mouth while upside down, before insisting that I should fuck her throat! She was incredible at it, and deepthroating was her specialty. I decided to reward her by eating her clit, as I was enjoying her pussy juices. There was no doubt she was ready for much more as I even licked her asshole. I started pounding her senselessly as she was on the swing. It was awesome watching her tits bouncing as she was moaning like crazy. That’s when I decide to move to a new phase, drilling her doggy style. I was already going balls deep inside of her young tight pussy, and she was loving every moment, telling me how many times she came. Finally, I banged her reverse cowgirl style on the sofa. Her whole body shook, her pussy juices squirting out of her pussy. That wasn’t enough for her as she continued playing with her pussy. I can imagine her being gangbanged by a bunch of guys, so I knew I had to step up and be rougher. She loved that side of me, as I was trying to do things her way. Not that I mind brutal sex – it’s just that she really loves it. The only possible way to finish our session was to cum on her face, showering it with loads of semen. I exploded in an orgasm of the kind I’ve never ever had and she even tasted it, showing me how much she liked it.  