Male pornstar came to a set for shooting and everyone started having preparations for the upcoming scene. He was being quickly introduced to everyone and went outside to find her new partner chilling in a pool. She was this petite and adorable Asian chick. However, before starting to film the scene, he got interested in one dashing blonde who was a personal assistant so he decided to fool around with her for a bit. The PA/script supervisor was a gorgeous, young babe with sensual curves, amazing big tits and the devilish look in her eyes so he took her behind the cameras where she immediately went down on her knees and pulled his already hard cock from his pants. What was supposed to be a ordinary shooting turns into a devious suck-and-fuck behind an actual shoot! The busty blonde teen didn’t hesitate taking his dick in her mouth while the model was in the middle of a photoshoot on a couch. She kept listening to instructions and changing positions, slowly undressing and revealing more and more of herself while the hot blonde was going rough and hard at the pornstar’s cock. Willing to return the favor after receiving an incredible blowjob, he knelt in front of her and started licking her pussy sloppily, making sure she was ready for his fat boner. Just take a look at that body! The girl is hot and her boobs are spectacular! As they were finishing with oral foreplay, petite Asian was already completely naked, finishing up her photo session while others on the set were trying to buy time for their star to finish fucking the assistant and constantly finding new ways and poses, trying to keep the Asian babe busy. At this point, the blonde was already bent over on a chair, having her dripping wet cunt railed balls deep by a guy who didn’t care about filming the scene anymore. Their friends from set helped them sneak away and end up in the room alone where he continued licking her pussy, wanting to satisfy her properly. She was feeling naughty and playful, enjoying the suspense while feeling his tongue slobbering all over her pulsating hole. Having finished, he forced himself back inside and started pumping her while she was on a couch with her legs spread far and wide. She is just such a darling blondie with those inviting eyes and that incredibly natural beauty…damn she is gorgeous. This teen babe has the best tits you have ever seen! She is young and her tits are so big and soft.   Teen babe enjoyed slow and sensual but balls deep fucking while rubbing her clit to enhance the pleasure. Then, he turned her around and took her from behind, drilling her doggy style. Her massive tits were swinging back and forth to the fucking rhythm. The horny blonde was slowly changing her opinion, wanting to start working in front of the camera and continue enjoying steamy fucking. He grabbed her tits and squeezed them as he kept shoving his meat inside her. Busty naked girl mounted him in reverse cowgirl, impaling herself deep and rough with her big, natural tits jiggling up and down before he took initiative and started pounding her again. In between changing positions, she would drop on her knees and take his dick in her mouth, swallowing it whole, letting him fuck her throat as hard as he can, before going on to try something new, like a titjob. Wrapping her beautiful tits around his cock, she pushed her breasts up and down his length, tit fucking him slow and hard, her tongue lapping at the tip of his cock. They tried numerous different positions and she came moaning multiple times before he sprayed her face and her boobs with his thick, white load of cum.