Sometimes it’s hard to simply stay away from my girlfriend no matter what she’s doing. For example, I walked in on her in the kitchen as she was doing dishes and I saw her in her hot lingerie. I immediately went nuts over this sight and I started touching her and feeling her up. Rubbing my girlfriend’s through her panties, teasing her through the soft material, playing with her shaved pussy lightly always got me hard in an instant. It was obvious what I wanted from her, but it’s not always so easy with her. I know that I have to work for this kind of thing so I went down on her and took down her pants in order to see what I’m working with here. Her pussy was nice and shaved and all I had to do was lick it for a little while and I was sure to make her horny enough so that she would want to do things with me as well. I spread her legs and went down on her, working my tongue all over her slit. I quickly found her clit with my lips and began kissing and sucking it. I enjoyed her pussy for a while and as I predicted she started getting really horny. My tongue action was unprecedented and I was working extra hard. My girl loves to have her clit rubbed and her tight, little hole filled with my big cock! After she had her little orgasm, it was time for her to return the favor. And you better believe that I was going to get more than I gave in this exchange. My babe started sucking on my cock while she was down on her knees, her lips teasing the head of my penis, her tongue teasing my cock playfully. Her fingers slid to fondle my balls hanging down and the length of my hard shaft. I moaned helplessly as her mouth caressed me.   My girlfriend is really good at sucking my cock and it’s obvious when you look at her technique. She knew what she was doing and it was making me feel absolutely amazing. After she was done sucking my dick, it was time for me to have some more fun with her and I started to fuck her on the counter. This would only escalate as I fucked her in many different positions one by one. First I fucked her from the front and she loved the feeling she got out of that. She even rode me for a little bit when I allowed her to do so, but the best part came when I started fucking her from behind. She has a really nice ass and I enjoyed watching it bounce on my cock from the reverse cowgirl position that I wanted to see it from behind as I fucked her as well. After I fucked her for a little while doggy style, it was time for her to get an even harder pounding and I did this by climbing up on the counter with her in the lying position and she was ready to have her pussy absolutely decimated. I fucked her till I was ready to cum and I ended up filling her hot pussy up with my sticky and viscous cum.