He was acting up recently, and his father was not happy about it. It seems like the only thing he cared about anymore was trying to get pussy. His dad wanted his not quite auntie to give the young man a talking to. And when this guy came to visit his stepfather’s sister, he was simply stunned by her beauty! Little did his stepdad knew, his horny sister wanted to fill her mature pussy with her not quite nephews stiff dick. She was immediately ready for the seduction process, which was quite quick. After talking a bit with her nephew, the sexy blonde teased him until his dick was hard as steel. After she slowly took his pants down, she just wrapped her fingers around his hard dick, putting it in her mouth for a loving blowjob. The hot blonde dropped to her knees and started sucking him. And keep in mind that this was no regular suction. This was a full-on deepthroat, with her choking on his dick and moaning like a deranged maniac. The dude was quite enjoying it, which was terrific since auntie was ready to do quite more. And she proved that when she gave him a titjob in the middle of her suction ordeal. Of course, she sucked him a bit more, but with her gorgeous nipples… Damn, it was pretty good. She flashed her beautiful blue eyes at him and busted out her incredible tits before going for the cock ride of her life. She started rubbing her wet slit along his length. She had cum just from rubbing her clit along his cock, before he even entered her. After that, of course, she simply put his dick right inside of her little cunt, and then she started riding him. At first, it was a slow and sensual ride, but with time, it progressed. Trust me, this is just the start of something magically beautiful, and they will continue fucking for a long ass time. Now, it was a rough fuck, with this dude thrusting his big dick inside of his aunt at the speed of light. But, since his aunt had to keep her balance between enduring that since she was clumsily riding him. This beautiful naked woman was ready to show him multiple types of riding as well.   Beautiful naked woman was riding him from behind while he was stimulating her clitoris with his finger. It was amazing! You can see her little asshole being there, and her sweet and gorgeous ass checks are a real sight for sore eyes. They opted for some doggy style. Imagine this hot naked blonde getting banged by her not quite nephew, and she can barely contain herself from screaming. He was fucking her from behind, seeing her stupidly beautiful ass, all fired up for her, ready to bust a fat nut inside of her sweet little cunt. Her bum cheeks ripple as his crotch slams up tight against her female parts. This naked woman was on her back with her sexy legs spread wide open in front of him. And she was equally horny, willing to take that load as well. “Fuck, I’M CUMMING!” He roared, slamming his hips into her hard, his hands grinding their bodies together as his shaft throbbed and pulsed inside her cunt, filling her vagina with his sperm. “Yes, cum in me… yes, you like fucking my full pussy, don’t you?” With a cock this stiff, and an ass this beautiful, this aunt-nephew story is just at its very beginning. If you have an aunt like this, you might as well make a move, because who knows? Maybe you’ll blow, but perhaps you’ll also get the chance to bang the shit out of her. You never know, that’s the magic.