This dude invited his friend over to stay over while his parents were out of town. He was appreciative of this woman’s kindness and made himself comfortable. A little too comfortable, if you know what I mean. He whipped his cock out and started jerking off in bed. He was just a few minutes into the masturbation session before his friend’s mom opened the door and caught him in the act. The woman was first amazed at the size of his son’s friend’s cock and she wanted to see if she could get a piece of that action. She said that it was okay that he was jerking off and that it was completely normal for young guys to do that. In fact, she felt that guys his age needed more than just masturbation to satisfy themselves. That’s when a MILF started groping him and stroking him as well. She took his cock out and started touching it and feeling it up. She wasn’t done with that however, and she went down on it and started sucking on it like it was a lollipop. The dude couldn’t believe that he was getting a blowjob from his friend’s sexy mom and all that while his friend was still in the same house, perhaps just rooms away from where they were. The MILF was doing an amazing job at sucking that cock and that’s when the dude just couldn’t keep his composure and wanted to fuck her pretty much immediately. He stood her up and slammed her against the door where he pulled her panties aside and started fucking her. He fucked her hard from behind while she was pressed against the door so that nobody could walk in on them. Eventually, they heard a knock on the door, and it was his friend looking for him. He expected to see him in the room, but when he opened the door up, all he saw was his mom in a weird thrusting motion. His slutty mom said that his friend went out and that he was going to come back later. The son believed it but only barely and he went to the living room and the bitch closed the door behind him and continued to press her ass against that amazing dick and get an even harder drilling than she anticipated. Then MILF decided to have some more fun with him and titty fuck him too. Afterward, he even got a nice riding session while he was sucking on her big tits.   Slim, Sexy. good looking and loves young boys! Love this Milf! He grabbed her tits with both hands and started slamming his cock balls deep into her cunt! This woman already forgot the last time she had such amazing sex with her husband. His balls were slapping against her clit and she was moaning and screaming from pleasure. Naked woman turned around into 69 position “Give me your cock, I want to suck your huge dick!” After licking her cunt in 69 he decided to fuck her from behind. The dude had seen a lot of porn and wanted to try all the positions he had seen. She felt his young hard dick destroying her mature cunt and she couldn’t ask for a better or bigger dick to stay over at her house for the entire damn weekend. The boy picked up the pace by grabbing her tits and slamming deep into her. “Do you want to cum in my mouth?” it’s very sexy for a man to hear a woman say that, but for a 18 year old teenager it was beyond his wildest dreams. He pulled out of her hot cunt and couldn’t stop cumming all over her face and into her open mouth.