I’ve had an arrangement with my blonde stepsister where I’d let her stay at my house and not tell anyone if she’d let me have my way with her whenever I wanted and if she’d satisfy my every desire. She was somewhat reluctant but, being the slutty babe that she is, with a beautiful face, killer body, and slutty personality, I often didn’t need much to convince her. First, I had her in the kitchen. I found her by the counter, preparing some food, wearing her skimpy outfit while being bent all seductively. I got immediately turned on so I reminded her of our agreement, already feeling my boner wanting to burst through my pants. She didn’t complain much and just a few seconds later I had her panties at her ties and was going balls deep inside her wet cunt from behind, drilling my little stepsister doggy style. She tried to appear uninterested but couldn’t contain moans of pleasure that quickly turned into screams as I started drilling her harder. I was bent on getting as much as I could from our deal so I came deep inside of her, filling her up with my sticky, hot load and giving her a warm creampie. Next up, we had an encounter in the living room. She was on her stomach on the couch, looking something up on her tablet when I jumped at her again. She kept her shirt on as I went balls deep inside her pussy, pounding her again until I gave her another creampie, filling her all the way up, pulling my messy cock out of her cum-filled snatch. The next time I found my sexy sister, she was in her room, playing video games. She gave me a proposal where I’d play her game against her and she’d give me “the best blowjob of my life” and even let me cum on her face if I win. Unfortunately, I lost the game and my bratty sister decided to mount my face instead. She sat on my mouth and rode my tongue in reverse, squirting her pussy juices into my mouth, still playing her game selfishly, but I managed to turn her on enough to make her get involved and give me some of the pleasure.   My horny step sister took my fat shaft in her slutty mouth and started giving me that amazing blowjob, swallowing my whole length and slobbering all over it, making sure it was rock hard, slippery, and ready for her pussy. After such incredible foreplay, my naked sister climbed back on top of me and slid all the way down on my dick in cowgirl position. She was riding me balls deep, letting me enjoy her perky tits with pierced nipples jiggle as she bounced up and down. She was so wet her pussy was creaming all over my shaft while I was pounding her in every position imaginable, with her constantly moaning and asking for more, cumming on my throbbing rod and screaming until I ended up reaching my edge and shooting my biggest load yet.