Two teen girls are giggling and gossiping as they study for an upcoming text. The blonde comes across as much shyer than her friend, who is proudly listing off her sexual conquests. Then her friend asks, well what about her, surely she has some kiss-and-tell stories she can share? The innocent girl admits not really, she’s kissed a few boys but never anything more serious than some over-the-clothes fondling. It’s about then that her older step brother is walking past in the hallway and butts into the conversation. He remarks that nobody is ever going to have sex with his nerdy sister when she looks so ugly, she’s unfuckable. Her friend can’t believe how horrible her step-brother is. He’s been humiliating her, so she needs to do something to make him feel humiliated back. Something that’s the ultimate revenge for telling her nobody would have sex with her, something that he’ll remember every single time he sees her that’ll trigger him. Her friend says she knows just the thing. After showing off her adorable breasts to him, he is entirely within her control. The dude is too horny to care about what happens, and so, he allows himself to be stripped completely naked by her sister’s friend. However, he never knew that he would be getting sucked off by her step sister. He sees that the sucking is literally something out of this world, so he doesn’t mind being treated like this one bit! He doesn’t even think about taking off the shirt that is on top of his head, blocking his vision. His blonde stepsister looks to her friend for a moment uncertainly, but she urges her silently to go for it, and she opens her mouth and swirls her tongue along the tip of her stepbrother’s dick. Ohhh! he moans in surprise. Then the young naked blonde climbs on top of him and impales her virgin pussy on his cock. It is so sensitive, she places her palm over her mouth to quiet herself. The brunette takes the make-believe blindfold off and allows him to see the truth.   At first, he is shocked to see that he is actually fucking his stepsister, but her virgin pussy is so tight. He starts moving his own hips, and that’s probably something that no one would expect. He keeps drilling the sister’s pussy from the back while pushing her body down, and the brunette simply observes this. The man pushes his cock deeper and deep inside of her super tight pussy as he loves the sensations. Her friend helps her with the blowjob. She holds onto the cock nicely while the skinny sister sucks on the boner. Obviously, this isn’t going to do it for the brunette, so she decides that she should get that thing inside of her mouth, too. She starts sucking nicely and also deepthroats the entire thing while moaning. The naked blonde lays down and starts taking that big fat dick inside of her pretty little pussy while she moans. However, his blonde step-sister isn’t the only one here that wants sex. The brunette lays on top of her and provides her with gentle kisses as the meat rod penetrates her adorable little hole too. He enters one slick cunt, then the other, getting to fuck back and forth between two pussies.