Young nerdy brunette always had a thing for her post-grad supervisor. She is a shy girl who never knew how to get close to him. But as she was playing with her snatch last night, she decided it’s finally the time to do something about it. As she was speaking to him, she could feel that her slit is already wet and ready to take him on. She showed him her intentions and took the offensive. The sexy teenage girl started showing him dirty notes a note under her shirt, up her skirt, and in her notebook. But… he was supervising an exam and couldn’t exactly be seduced by dirty talking and flirtation. Especially in front of these impressionable young students! He was reluctant, knowing that this is all wrong. She is such a young girl, and this could get him fired. Still, it’s was too late to change his mind. The possibility of fucking such a tight slut sounded too good, especially as she took the initiative and started playing with his cock. As he was banging her while standing, the other students peaked through the door and enjoyed watching them, barely keeping quiet. But he knew what was going on, so he brought the horny girl in the classroom and put her on the table, as other girls ran away. Finally, they were all alone, and it was his time to show everything he’s got. Young babe with glasses wanted his dick so badly that she didn’t even remove her panties. Luckily, her man didn’t mind that, as he was pounding her shaved pussy doggy style. What he learned is that this young slut loves it rough. She enjoyed every second as he was slapping her cute little ass while his shaft was going deeper inside of her. Even that wasn’t enough for a little slut, as she was rubbing her clit.   This young whore could probably take on lots of dicks at the same time, but she cares only about him. As he was drilling her, she even started squirting, which was a surprise to him. That’s why he decided to stop for a second and eat her snatch, tasting her juice. But, that was only a short break, since he was back inside of her missionary style, before making her suck his shaft once more. It all felt like a dream for both of them. Young naked girl was finally fucking her favorite guy in the world, and he was all she ever wanted. His massive shaft was a perfect fit for her little pussy, and he is such a good lover that knows how to handle her. Now he was fucking her throat, but she didn’t mind. No one tested her so brutally so far, but that is what she wanted. Finally, a guy that is not afraid to make her scream. For the finals, she was banged while standing next to the board, cumming once more. Going back to her knees, she let her man spray his load across her face and chests, before sucking it well, enjoying the taste of his semen. It won’t be long before they do it again!