A young man has a severe problem, as he has hots for his teacher and is unable to control his urges. He has no shame, pulling out his cock during classes and masturbating, and everyone knows about it. His teacher is trying to get through a complicated lesson plan, but she and the class keep getting distracted by him just cumming everywhere… his desk, his classmates’ notebooks, even the blackboard when she calls him up to solve an equation. The breaking point comes when this horny teenager tries to cum on her ass, while she’s not looking! She is seriously worried about his behavior. The woman realizes this young horny boy wil continue to be a nuisance until his cock is drained properly. After all, this nerdy MILF is not getting enough cock lately, so maybe it’s for her also to have some fun. Once she dropped her panties, her young lover was already deep in her ass, licking her like crazy. But what she wanted to teach him about is control. She is the one setting the rules, and he will need to obey if he wants this to continue. The rest of the students feel annoyed. It’s not her fault that she loves to fuck in public places, while someone is watching her. Their teacher loves to act like a cheap whore, as that only gives her access to more men willing to nail her pussy. She is already dripping wet as she goes down on her knees and starts sucking his young cock right in the middle of the classroom. For such a skinny guy, he has a large dick, one of the biggest his hot teacher has ever seen. It’s not easy for her to fit it all in her mouth, but the MILF lets him fuck her throat while playing her with her pussy. Now she is sure that this will be a perfect session. Her student is inside of her with his tongue, playing with her shaved snatch as she encourages him to continue.   He is progressing nicely, spreading her legs wide as she is about to cum for the first time. This young man already knows a lot about sex, and she proves it further once he starts banging his sexy naked teacher on the table. He is not gentle at all, as he pounds her cunt hard and deep, making the older woman moan, but also asking for more. Change of pace comes once he once again drills her throat, as she proves she can handle him nicely. The MILF is also into anal sex, as her student now drills her asshole while the rest of the students are still around. As a teacher, she sees nothing wrong about it, as they can learn a lot just by watching. Anal sex is the best thing ever, as she could feel that his whole shaft is inside of her. But there is so much else to try as she is riding him now on the chair, as her rectum is once again on the line. Once the woman is satisfied, things must end with loads of cum in her mouth as she eats every drop of it, leaving no trace. This was a lovely experience for both of them that must be repeated.