I’ve had this mischievous blonde teen in my class and, even during detention, she wouldn’t behave properly. While she was sitting she had her legs opened up so I could see her panties. She was the only one in my class at the moment and I caught a glimpse of her rubbing her pussy and even fingering herself beneath her desk. At one point, a teen slut started fiddling with her purse and that was stepping over the line so I had to intervene and see what she was up to. Turns out she had a bunch of sex toys in. I quickly realized I could take advantage of this situation and that she was willing as well so I asked for a little demonstration. In no time, she got fully naked and I had this stunning blonde schoolgirl showing off her pink, little holes to me, simply begging me to play with them. I worried about more than possibly getting fired for having sex with a student but her little hole was making me crazy. The girl was wearing a kinky buttplug which I gently pulled out, watching pleasure on her face. After that, the young naked girl went on her knees in front of me and pulled out my already throbbing boner. She was sucking me off like the little school slut that she is, gagging on my shaft while trying to swallow it whole. She went on for quite a while and after she finished, I was rock hard and slippery and she was dripping wet so I easily went balls deep in her teen pussy while she was lying on my desk. I moved my hips up and down so I was rubbing my hot throbbing cock against her clit, then I forced myself inside her tight asshole! My student wasn’t even trying to stop me but only started moaning harder. She contracted her anus around my cock, moving slowly back and forth, enjoying my cock in her ass. I was never able to convince my wife to try anal sex but these teen girls love a hard cock in their tight asses. From there on out we tried many different positions with my fat dick stretching and drilling her little ass. I felt her having multiple orgasms and even I myself came hard, filling her asshole with my thick jizz before continuing to pound her hardcore. 