She met her stepmom a few weeks ago, but they are already bonding. What the girls have figured out is that both of them really love sucking cocks, and the tiny blonde is always eager to learn more. It’s the same case today as she is sucking on a strap on, trying to get it as deep as possible. The mom wants her to surprise her boyfriend on their date, making him squirt his cum into her mouth, cum like he has never came before. Even though her mother taught her the basics – the use of her mouth, tongue, lips to stimulate her bf’s cock and his scrotum, the teen girl is still unable to swallow his large penis completely! As a good mother, a stepmother, she can’t stand it! Without wasting time she decides to join them and show this young lady how to suck her boyfriend’s cock properly! Despite the fact that the guy is a little surprised by the presence of her mother, this bitch makes his cock rock hard in seconds! The woman sucks it as her blonde stepdaughter is trying to learn from her while playing with her tits. And once a shaft is deep inside of her mouth, she shows improvement, making a MILF proud. She is proud of being a slut, and her stepmom knows that. The girl is also the first one to get penetrated while on the sofa, taking it doggy style while eating mature’s snatch. This turned out to be a wild session like they couldn’t even imagine. MILF feels like she was never this horny in her life as she keeps playing with her massive melons and rubbing her pussy. This is so wrong and so perverted but also so much fun now. MILF is the one taking the initiative now as the beautiful naked woman starts riding his throbbing schlong reverse cowgirl style. The young naked girl is enjoying the view now while playing with her snatch, still eagerly waiting for her turn. A lucky guy doesn’t mind fucking the girls both, as they are both terrific whores. Finally, once he is ready to cum, he does it by making them go to their knees and have his semen on their faces, enjoying the taste of it as they kiss. 