A young 19-year-old girl had to be hospitalized as she is obsessed with sex. She is attacking men on the streets and sucking their cocks, which gets her in trouble all the time. She has to complete her abstinence program, which means no masturbating and no touching yourself of any kind. Nymphomaniac is caught again, she is on the floor by her bed, naked except for her white cotton panties. Her legs are spread wide and she is choking herself with one hand while using the other to finger her wet pussy. She simply can’t stop masturbating and acting like a whore and the doctors need to teach her a lesson. She is kicking, biting, and screaming in a long straight jacket being dragged through the halls of the hospital. The chief psychiatrist and the orderly need to fuck her so hard and leave her out of breath. Two huge cocks are in front of the teen nympho as she starts sucking them like there is no tomorrow. She loves it rough, so as she is deepthroating one guy, she is giving a handjob to the other. But once the foreplay is done, she is nailed while standing, while her mouth is fucked. The doctors are not sure if their therapy is working, as she is not slowing down. The doctors knew that she was nympho, but how is it possible that she keeps going even though she spent the better time of day masturbating? There is no point in stopping now, so they decided to be even more brutal. There are no breaks, as her pussy is constantly nailed while her mouth is full of throbbing cock. As young nympho gives a blowjob, she looks them in the eye, letting them know that she can’t be tamed. Riding these guys is a painful experience, but at the same time, she wouldn’t ever stop. It’s not about the sense of pride, but her incredible sexual appetite that drives her wild. Coming to this clinic will only make things worse for her, but she doesn’t care. As loads of warm cum are covering her face, she finally feels satisfied, at least for an hour or two. They will need to send more men if they want to keep her quiet! 