I’ve had the pleasure of being the judge of a rather interesting competition. Two breathtaking girls were having a competition whether blondes or brunettes are sexier and I was to decide the winner. First, the girls started teasing with their perfect bodies. Both babes had slim and fit bodies with perky tits. The inked brunette wore black, seductive, seethrough lingerie, almost completely revealing her hardened nipples beneath while the blonde had her innocent yet skimpy white bra and panties on. Not waiting on me, the girls went on to fool around and play with each other. The brunette took over the initiative, having removed blonde’s panties, she started gently teasing her soft pussy before going on to slobber all over it, making her dripping wet. Blonde couldn’t take much more of that and quickly started screaming in pleasure, soon having an intense orgasm. However, that was just the beginning as the naked girls went on to have an erotic and passionate scissoring session, rubbing their clits against each other. After watching these two hot naked girls go hard at each other scissoring and spanking, moaning and shaking in pleasure, I just had to come and join the fun. While blonde had her face buried deep in brunette’s pussy, I went behind her and started licking both of her holes. Such sudden pleasure stunned her but the brunette wouldn’t let her be surprised for long as she grabbed her head firmly and pulled her back between her legs. Having enjoyed the taste of blonde’s pussy, I grabbed her hips and forced myself inside, going balls deep and hardcore right off the bat. I was railing her vigorously and enjoying the view of her eating brunette out. Wanting to enjoy both girls equally, I pulled out and went to the other one, again entering her from behind.   I went even harder now, ramming her soft, pink snatch vigorously while holding her head and forcing her to lick both blonde’s pussy and her tight, little asshole. Blonde loved it so much I had to go back to drilling her again. This time, while I was impaling her doggy style, hot brunette knelt beneath me, licking my balls and her clit and enhancing the overall pleasure, making her lose her mind. At one point I needed a little break so I sat down on the couch and both girls jumped right at my cock, wanting to get the taste of it. I enjoyed that incredible double blowjob as much as I could, with both naked girls taking turns slobbering all over my shaft and licking my balls before brunette decided to straddle me and impale herself on my rod in cowgirl position. Blonde was still kneeling in front of me, licking my balls. I was in heaven. The babes kept switching and turning like that, with one riding me while the other was helping her out, pushing her even deeper and harder before I took control again and went on to pound them doggy style. I couldn’t decide which one was better but both came multiple times before I plastered them with jizz. Naked girls kept kissing and licking my hot cum off their lips.