The young brunette starts working as a sitter, and everything was perfect. His employer was this older guy that was always so nice to her, but she was wondering where his wife is. He always told her that she is currently working in Europe, but one day she found out the truth. His wife has died, and her last wish was for him to find another girl and impregnate her. She is startled, demanding to know what the hell is going on in this house? The man begins to tell her a sad story about how he and his wife had been trying to have a baby for years. Listening to him, she was touched and figured out she could help him. She always wanted to become mom and also money isn’t an issue for him, he just needs a womb. He slowly leads her upstairs and starts to undress her. His hands are sliding down her belly towards her pussy. The girl lays at the edge of the bed and lets the old man pull off her panties. He spreads her legs slowly and sees smooth, creamy thighs and a hairless pussy. She has never been with an older man before but once he starts eating her pussy, she is finally able to relax and enjoy the moment. He knows what to do, as no other man. Other guys she was with were by far better looking but had no idea how to give her pleasure. Her pussy juices start flowing like crazy. Now she finally understands why some younger women are in love with older men. They know how to treat them like queens, giving them explosive orgasms. He has sent kids to their relatives for a few days, meaning that this evening will be all about sex. She is already about to have her first orgasm before demonstrating her cock sucking abilities. He just lays on his back and lets her do the work. The pleasure of her mouth and tongue were so overwhelming. What they both figured out is that they love intense sex. She is sucking his shaft and even manages to deepthroat him.   Naked girl turns around, kneeling on the bed with her ass high in the air, her smooth soft ass directly in front of him. He puts the head of his cock between her pussy lips and pushes forward, driving himself as far into her cunt as she can take him. The first thing he does is to penetrate her dripping wet pussy doggy style. The girl is almost crying as he nails her deep, knowing that she likes it that way. The old man pulls the babysitter onto himself and keeps pounding into her. She loves being dominated as she is riding his shaft cowgirl style. He is now chocking her, treating her even rougher as she is about to lose her mind. He might be a perfect father, but at the same time, he is a pervert in the bedroom. Now she is sure that she didn’t make a mistake when she decided to let him fuck her brains out. No other guy tested her like before. While nailing her missionary, he fills her snatch with his cum, making a creampie. She looks down at the cum tricking down her pussy. As he needs her to get pregnant, he makes sure that cum stays inside, and the best way to do it is to continue pounding her. Now she can’t believe that he is already ready to go once more, as she cums in seconds, begging for more. There is still plenty of semen in his balls, but as he orgasms once more, he makes sure that every bit of it ends up in her snatch.