Jordi has been working as a paperboy for a while, and the best part of every morning is when he sees this gorgeous blonde MILF. She is always wearing skimpy outfits, provoking him. The only problem is that she appears to be happily married. After catching a glimpse of her outside, he realizes that he needs to get a closer look. Little pervert hides his bike and sneaks towards MILF’s house, nearly getting caught by her husband. Jordi hides until her husband leaves for work, and then continues his pursuit of the sexy woman that is both older and taller than him. He even is so bold that he is spying on her in the shower. There is nothing sexier than a naked woman with soap and water running down her body. Her arms above her body washing her blond hair, and big breasts shining from the water as it cascades down to her shaved pussy. He, though, ends up getting caught by the MILF with his cock out. Her husband is way, and she is willing to taste a much younger dick. While the paperboy looks shy, she encourages him by sucking his shaft. Their perfect adventure stops the moment her husband comes back home, but somehow, they are not getting caught. As he finally leaves, the sexy blonde is back on her knees while deepthroating this young fellow, impressing him in the process. He can’t believe this is happening as he fucks her giant fake tits, getting ready for much harder action. This mature babe is always hungry for cocks, so once she starts riding him, of course, she is slamming herself hard down onto him. She doesn’t like it any other way! Once she spreads her legs wide and starts riding him reverse cowgirl style, her massive tits are bouncing hard as she moans. She won’t admit it, but this paperboy is exceeding her expectations. He knows how to take her to her limits, much better than her husband ever could. She even feels guilty that she didn’t fuck him sooner, but now they will have enough time to change that. As the beautiful naked girl is sucking his boner, he is eating her pussy in a sixty-nine position. But that is only a short break before hard pounding on the sofa continues, and he fucks her throat as she masturbates. The only way to finish this session is with his hot load on her giant juggs as she fights for her breath. This you man is all she needs whenever her husband is away! 