Stunning, mature brunette with an incredible body and seductive curves came to the gym and approached her personal trainer. He was ready to work with her but she had something else in mind and, thinking they are the only ones there, grabbed his cock and started teasing him into having all kinds of naughty and kinky fun. However, a dazzling blonde with massive tits and ass on a body which was just as good as her, she turned up, having an appointment with the same personal trainer at the same time. The babes agreed to settle the scores with a fitness competition but, even after competing with various exercises, they weren’t happy with the outcome. Thinking she had won, one of the babes started making out with the trainer but the other one approached him on her knees, pulled his huge cock out, and took it in her mouth. That made her drop down as well, hungry for his dick as well. Lucky for him, both girls decided to stop fighting and enjoy the experience. He was now standing with two amazing naked women kneeling in front of him, taking turns slobbering on his veiny boner. Soon after, he lied down wanting to enjoy completely as they kept doing what they do best. Both girls were incredible at sucking his cock, swallowing it whole, in spite of its huge size. At one point, the blonde was going hard and deep at it when the brunette decided to go and tease her for a bit, so she went behind to rub her pussy and get her ready to be drilled. Having experienced the best blowjob of his life, he was also ready for more. The hot naked blonde was the first one to take him in.   She bent over on all fours to enjoy hardcore doggy style pounding right in the middle of the gym, while the other woman was in front of her, sitting on the ground with her legs spread wide, enjoying sloppy and erotic pussy licking. Both women were moaning and screaming in pleasure, making him even more turned on and eager to hammer them as hard as possible. Wanting to feel each other in every way possible, they went on to try all kinds of different positions. After being rammed from behind, the blonde mounted him in reverse cowgirl and immediately started screaming as he continued drilling her from underneath. Her ridiculously over sized boobs were sloshing all over her chest. Not wanting to wait anymore, it was now the other woman’s turn so she straddled him the say way and he kept going at her cunt just as hard. Having ridden him to intense orgasms, the naked girls got turned on so much they were ready for even kinkier stuff where he’d drill one chick with the other rubbing her pussy watching them or joining the fun and licking his balls, enhancing the overall pleasure for everyone. Both bombastic babes kept taking turns on his schlong while playing with themselves and each other, cumming many more times until he ended up reaching his limits and spraying them with his thick load of hot cum.