Katie has invited her friend, Brandi, over to sip on some tea and help her finish her puzzle. However, when Katie’s foreign house guest spots these two blonde MILFs, he springs into action! As they are on the floor showing their beautiful asses, a horny little pervert enters the room and starts jerking off. Brandi is caught off guard, but Katie quickly assures her that he is a teenager and it is normal for them to jerk off all the day. Brandi doesn’t want to be rude, so she decides to humor this little perv’s wild antics! He keeps jerking off and the women keep teasing him. He even grabs their asses with both hands, separating the rounded globes. Then he drops their panties, slides the shaft of his wet cock back and forth over their ass cracks and shoves his penis into one of them! He is not gentle at all since his shaft penetrates her deep from the start. At first the woman does not pay attention to him and continues finding the right pieces of the puzzle but then she sighs with pleasure as he starts pounding harder. She was always into young men, it sounds so wrong, but this is what makes her juices flow. Meanwhile, her friend is enjoying the view, knowing that she is next in the line. A student has already been inside of her before, but this will be a different experience. She is curious to see if he can handle two MILFs in a threesome as that will require lots of energy. He is having a great start as a drilled blonde has a smile on her face as she continues finding the right pieces of the puzzle. Nothing is embarrassing about this, as they are only having an innocent threesome. Finally, the other blonde is now nailed doggy style, and she handles his dick well. Luckily, he makes a pause to eat her snatch as both of the women use this chance to get naked and display their massive tits. Now they like this boy, so much that they decide to reward him with a blowjob. As one of them is sucking his penis, the other one is smiling while waiting for her turn. While this may sound like they are competing, this is a friendly contest. It would be hard to judge who is doing it better. As it seems, the blondes both like it rough as they are the happiest once their pussies are brutally pounded. They even engage in lesbian games as they kiss and play with their juggs. These two MILFs had so many wild orgies, but this session is probably the best so far. This young man has lots of energy as he handles them easily and can’t get enough of their meat holes. Once they cum, these babes ask for more, and he is happy to provide it. Finally, he found women that will make his fantasies come true, and will never say no. That’s why he decides to reward them with the biggest load of cum he ever produced. There is a lot of semen for their pretty faces as he cums in buckets and makes them kiss while swapping it. This perverted threesome will have another episode!   These boys are horny and love to fuck! These horny boys just can’t help but hump and pump when a hot MILF is around. They see women getting naked and can’t help but watch and jerk off. But when they get caught, they’re taught a lesson they won’t soon forget. Watch as these little humpers become men when they fuck women both older and taller than them! Anyone who loves hot naked women, horny MILFs, and older/younger sex will want to check out LilHumpers!