She is a beautiful young woman, and soon she’ll have lots of boys chasing after her. Mom cares deeply about her daughter – so much that she asks her to lose her virginity with someone who can be trusted, and that’s her stepfather. She’s NOT going to stay a virgin for long. And these…these boys who want to…who want to TAKE that from her…they DON’T have her best interests in mind, her mom says. But as her parents…they do. But if she is going to lose her virginity, her mother wants it to be with someone she trusts, someone she…loves. Young brunette doesn’t like that idea too much, as it sounds so wrong. Still, the idea is stuck in her mind, as she is tired of lonely nights as she plays with her pussy. Maybe her stepdad will teach her a few things, so once she has a real boyfriend, she will know how to act. That fear is one of the reasons why she is still a virgin, as she doesn’t want to embarrass herself. It’s one thing watching porn and trying to learn how to suck a dick, as the practice is something completely different. When she asks her stepdad about his opinion, he tells her that he will do as she wishes. But she already made her mind, as her pussy was dripping wet. She kisses her stepdad in the bedroom as he is slowly moving his hand into her pussy before removing her panties. Her trimmed snatch is on display as she spreads her legs and lets him kiss her thighs before moving to her virgin pussy. He is slowly eating her, and soon, the girl is no longer nervous. She starts enjoying it, feeling safe, and soon enough, she is learning how to suck his cock. The older man is impressed with her talent as his shaft is hard like never before!   But, his wife is jealous by now. She sees them doing it all the time, and thinks that it’s time to stop. But he doesn’t care about her anymore. Their home is broken, but all he wants to do is to invade that barely legal pussy. They fell in love now, young brunette and her stepfather that is helping her become a whore. She is now deepthroating and begging him to go rough on her, making her his submissive bitch. Once his boner is rock hard, it’s time for her to move to doggy style position and let him impale her virgin pussy. Naked teen is screaming and moaning, taking pleasure in the fact that her mom will hear them. She wants her to know that she is such a good whore, and that stepdad is now into her. Her confidence is sky-high now as she rides him reverse cowgirl style. Like a nympho, she doesn’t know when to stop, but her stepfather impresses while going balls deep inside of her little pussy. This forbidden love affair is too exciting for both of them, as she already came a few times. She would even love if her mother saw them doing it, and once that finally happens, she can only smile and enjoy it even more. MILF can’t believe her eyes, as her husband is pulling out his dick and showering her daughter with a massive amount of cum, turning her into a slut.