Lavender fields, beautiful breasts, lovely, plump asses and sweet pussies… fuck yea! When a rich french guy ended up in the countryside, in a field full of beautiful flowers with two even more beautiful girls, there is not much they can do to improve the mood even further apart from having a hot and steamy threesome. Both babes were equally gorgeous, with young, slim, fit bodies and perky tits just the right size, wearing playful dresses and feeling already horny. One was brunette while the other had a brighter, blondish color. They all started kissing passionately while standing in the middle fo the field and girls couldn’t wait to get rid of all of their clothes, completely revealing their perfect, naked bodies. It wasn’t long before both hot babes went down on their knees in front of the guy, worshiping his throbbing boner with their wet and slutty mouths. The girls loved kneeling naked in the middle of the field, taking turns swallowing his shaft. One would always be slobbering on his thick shaft while the other took care of his balls, licking them all over and taking them deep in her mouth before they’d switch roles and continue having fun. Wanting to keep doing even naughtier and kinkier things, they went to a bit more private spot, but still outside, on a bed in a beautiful backyard, overlooking the sea. Once they got there, two naked girls went back to sucking their man off. This time he was lying on his back with one hot chick on each side. He is the luckiest dude alive! The girls are so beautiful. The babes kept passionately sucking his dick and licking his balls until he was glistening with precum and their spit, rock hard and ready to pound them relentlessly. Blonde was the first one to straddle him in cowgirl position and take his cock in her tight but already dripping wet pussy. She sat on it and immediately went balls deep. What a hot babe! She has a very flat and tight stomach and tiny waist but she just naturally has a wide set of hips, thick thighs, and a large round juicy ass. She gives us exotic, sensational, sexy performance with her naughty eyes, sexy body figure, heartbeating voice. Just moments later she started vigorously impaling herself on the guy, wanting to take his hard cock as hard as possible, with brunette helping her out and pushing her bubbly butt all the way down, enhancing her pleasure.   He couldn’t resist passively enjoying such action much longer and had to take the initiative so he soon started drilling her from underneath. Soft and sensual blonde’s moans turned into screams of pleasure as she started being pumped and brunette, having seen such hot railing, couldn’t resist but had to start rubbing her pulsating snatch, waiting for her turn. Blonde quickly reached her limits and came hard on his schlong, screaming and shaking before moving over to let the brunette have her turn. Now hot blonde mounted his face while brunette sat on his rod in reverse cowgirl, riding him and rubbing her clit until she experienced an intense orgasm. After such intense riding, the naked girls took a short break to swallow his dick, feeling the taste of their juices all over it before he went back to pounding them in all kinds of different positions. Girls came multiple times, shaking and screaming until he shot massive loads all over them. Gorgeous big natural tits on the two hottest stars in porn. Perfect models! Love the cock sucking in the field and outdoor fucking is excellent. This is one of the most beautiful scenes I have ever witnessed in my years of watching porn. This scene proves porn is art! 