My bratty little stepdaughter was acting all cocky and careless around the house and she was starting to get on my nerves. One day she crossed the line when I caught her in mine and her stepmom’s bedroom, fiddling in front of the mirror and playing around with clothes. Watching her petite body and exotic beauty, I came up with just the right punishment. It was about time for me to show her who’s the boss in the house so I had her sit on the floor next to the bed as I tied her hands to it spread wide in such a way that she was unable to move and had to obey me completely. I quickly pulled down her shirt exposing her amazing, perky breasts, which were larger than I thought they would be, and got my throbbing boner out of my pants and up in her cute face. Being the obedient slut that she is, it didn’t take much for me to convince her to open her pretty little mouth and start slobbering all over my shaft. She even enjoyed it when I started shoving my whole length deep down her throat, fucking her deep, making her choke on my boner. She was so good at it I just had to release her hands and let her do her thing. With her cute breasts still out, gently jiggling as she moved her head, she kept sucking me off while holding my rod with both hands, enjoying it. I started cumming in her mouth and she swallowed every drop! I pulled his cock out of her mouth and wiped it on her face. Next time I found her she was in her bed, still sleepy and unwilling to get ready for school. I tried to talk her into preparing but instead, she seduced me with her beautiful, young body and stripped completely naked, inviting me to fuck her hard. Once the sexy teen had removed her panties and showed me both of her cute, tight holes, I couldn’t resist anymore and simply placed the tip of my cock at the entrance to her pussy and forced myself inside. My slutty step daughter started moaning seductively just as I started pumping her harder. Hearing my stepdaughter called me “daddy” while I was balls deep inside of her wet snatch turned me on even more so I kept pumping even harder. From there on out, she took every opportunity to misbehave only so that I could give her naughty punishments with my thick shaft. She became even kinkier and naughtier, putting my boner between her tits and taking over the initiative, riding me like a horny cowgirl. I loved making her cum multiple times and experience intense orgasms, screaming and shaking in pleasure as I fucked her all over the house, ramming her dripping wet, pink pussy balls deep and hardcore until I’d reach my limits and spray her petite and curvy body with massive loads of my thick, white jizz. 