You see, sometimes, you just have to score a hot chick. You’re full of energy, and you’re pumped up, your balls are blue. Bluer than the Papa Smurf, for fuck’s sake. That’s how you know that you simply must fuck something. So, one day, I went out and hooked up with this hot chick. She had a weird vibe, but I figured, eh, who doesn’t these days, am I right? But the only thing strange thing about her was how much she liked sex, and you’ll see exactly why. Immediately, when I brought her to the house, she started undressing. And when she was in her underwear, she just started showing me her gorgeous body, seductively moving, and whatnot. She took out a giant vibrator and asked me to please her little pussy, slowly, but sensually. Her pussy juices were drenching her panties and I removed them. She started moaning quietly at first. But then her quiet moaning turned into a screaming, and she was squirting all over my fucking sofa, you know? Like maniacally, and her hips were moving involuntarily and trembling all the time. She looked like a helpless little deer, and I liked that very much. That meant that she was basically so horny that I could do anything to her. So, I started with a little bit of suction, and I let her literally vacuum-seal my dick with her hot mouth! Of course, the little slut was looking at my eyes with lust, and she couldn’t wait to be fucked like a whore. When she was done twisting her cute tongue on my dick, I licked her pussy a bit, and that’s when the cumming started again. What can I say, I just know how to do my job, right? So, after the girl had a few more orgasms, she was now ready for my big dick. Holding my raging hard erection with her small hand she guided it and lowered her pink pussy onto my hard-on. I felt the exquisite thrill as her velvet-smooth cunt surrounded my cock. Her pussy juices were flowing in abundance which lubricated our fucking and provided squishy, wet noises. Her eyes nearly rolled into the back of her head. Her whole body was shaking from an extremely powerful orgasm.   Young naked girl collapsed in exhaustion after her body was wracked by a strong orgasm. But, her appetites grew, and we had to switch over a few times, cowgirl, reverse cowgirl, and all that stuff. Of course, that was followed by some more squirting as well. And then, my favorite part occurred! Of course, the doggy style! As I’m banging her from behind, her screaming started intensifying even more, and pretty soon, she was banging her hand on the sofa. It looked like a boxer giving up inside of the ring! Well, the only difference is that I was not about to let her go until I see her ruin my couch some more, so I kept fucking her. That made her cute little legs tremble so much that she simply came again, and then she lost all of her strength. I think I started to cum first, the feel of so hot and thick cum in her little cunt, pushed her also to her limit, and with a big cry, she also hit the biggest orgasm. I eased my cock from her pussy and traces of cum ran out of her vagina between her pussy lips and down to her asshole. Fellas, if you can score a chick like this, hold on to her. Make her cum, and she’ll be happy for the rest of her life.