I work as a masseur. And in my line of work, you’re surrounded by beautiful women. Of course, that means that, with time, you learn how to control yourself. You have to suppress your urges, and you have to learn how to hide your boner. Usually, my methods always work, and I always act professionally. But, one day, a gorgeous chick walked into my place, and she wanted a massage. Okay, I said. But then, I noticed her massive boobs. On her short fame and slim body, those big titties looked really juicy and delicious. All I wanted to do was feel them on my big and stiff penis. So, when I was giving this girl a massage, my fingers ‘accidentally’ slid right onto her pussy. Then, I spend some time fingering her while the young naked girl was silently moaning and twisting around. I then poured oil over her amazing breasts and slowly started massaging them. She squirmed in delight when I stimulated her nipples and rubbed her soft tits. Her boobies were all natural. I confess I was hooked. Huge voluminous breasts, big areolas, big suckable nipples. With time, though, she became hornier and hornier, and I also could no longer hide my boner. “Do you want me to massage your cock with them?” every man wants to hear these words. Naked girl places my hard cock between her soft breasts and began giving me a tit-job. And holy fuck was it legendary! Imagine those massive boobs surrounding your cock, making it feel good. I almost exploded on her tits. But, I didn’t want it to end so soon, so I made her suck me off a bit before we started having sex eventually. And when she was done gobbling my massive penis, the young busty teen spread her legs in front of me on the massage table. I wedged the swollen head of my cock between her pussy lips rubbing it across her clit and pressing it into her opening. I slipped my cock out of her pussy and then plunged straight and deep. I keps massaging her big tits as I slid my cock in and out of her pussy. Then naked girl started riding me. Her big tits were slapping against her chest, so I reached up and took each one into my hands. Then it was the time to fuck her in the doggy style. And when I started pounding her sweet little cunt from behind, I noticed something. Her cunt was squeezing around my cock, and she was entirely pleased. Of course, she was also looking at me directly. Now, this is where I lost it! I just busted a fat nut right inside of her and then left her there on the table to clean herself up. Good massages always end up being a rough sex session with the masseur. 