The girls are ready to learn how to become lifeguards. Today their instructor is going to teach them how to perform CPR. As one of the girls watches on, the instructor presses her hands to her friend’s chest and locks lips. They are learning quickly, but as their lips are touching, it’s evident that something else is going on. She has never kissed a girl, let alone let one run her tongue all over the inside of her mouth. But at the same time the girls feel their pussies getting wetter and warmer. They’re supposed to be learning how to revive someone, the session instead turns everyone on. Satisfied by what she sees so far, their instructor invites the girls inside for more… private… lessons. They all are wet and ready for a lesbian orgy. As the girls get naked on the couch, the blonde with small tits is the first to spread her legs wide and have her snatch eaten. She has never had sex with a woman before and now the feeling of her tongue lapping at her pussy and on her clit is incredible. She loves every moment of it before it’s time for her to return the favor. As she is doing it, her pussy is once again licked. All three naked girls lick their pussy to each other. Their young, tight bodies are ready to be explored as whenever they cum wildly; it only motivates them to continue. Their pussies licking skills are top-notch, as they enjoy tasting their juices while in a sixty-nine position. But the young lesbians want to experiment, so a blonde has her asshole licked while the other girl is licking her snatch. The feeling of both holes being licked is so unbelievable. It’s the best feeling in the world as she is cumming but is still asking for more, encouraging her lesbian lovers to go deep inside of her pussy and ass with their tongues. Scissoring lessons are next in the line, as the girls are doing it while the blonde is watching. The babes are so young and have so much to learn, but this is a perfect chance to learn more. Their perverted orgy won’t end until all of them cum and snuggle while kissing, already plotting when will they meet next time and how to make that session even wilder! 