Young teens are passionate dykes, so after their classes, they always rush back home to play with each other, touch their young sensitive titties and their little pussies. This time, their dads were there, telling them they know everything about it, and that they have no problem with it. The girls are so happy that they start kissing and undressing in front of their dads, as they feel uncomfortable. These little lesbians have no shame but are also making their dads hard. They simply cannot hide their boners. “You mean you’ve never seen a cock before?” they asked their daughters. The dads decide to swap their daughters and teach them valuable lessons, as it’s clear they don’t know anything about dicks. Maybe the girls should give it a try and figure out do they also like guys. Girls accept the challenge as they are already sucking them. Maybe these girls like dick more than they think! To have a thick penis in the mouth is so erotic, the lesbians have to admit it’s interesting. It doesn’t take long for all of them to get naked and continue their orgy, which looks so wrong but is also so fun and exciting. There is so much to explore as their dripping wet pussies can’t wait until they are banged balls deep. Luckily, the girls don’t have to wait much, since their horny dads are going inside them missionary style, while also rubbing their clits. This helps the girls realize they are also into men, especially those who not only possess giant shafts but also know how to use them. Teen babes love it rough as one of the rides a fat boner while the other takes it doggy style. God, this is fantastic – two stunning young naked girls with tight cunts doing their best to suck the cum right out of these two cocks with their cunt muscles. They are exploring and trying different things, learning all the time. Still, they don’t forget about their love for each other, eating their pussies and sucking on each other’s titties. In the end, the naked girls get back on their knees as their dads are emptying their balls, producing loads of cum for their young daughter, who learned all about the value of dicks. 