This dude is always horny, so it’s no wonder he is always in search of pussy. He sees nothing wrong about cheating on his wife and fucking this “fuck me I’m so pretty” slutty little nympho. The sexy babe lays down like a cat, with her gorgeous ass high up in the air, as he kneels down and spread her ass cheeks, licking her ass crack, pleasuring both her holes with his tongue. Just when they are about to have fun, his wife comes by, and the blonde slut has to hide! “Jessy, are you watching porn?! Ugh, you’re so fucking gross. I could hear those moans and squeaks from outside!” The naked girl sneaks under the blanket and starts sucking his cock. “Don’t expect me to help, either. Always touching yourself at the most inappropriate times. What the fuck? Now finish up quick, I need to wake up early tomorrow…” Their sneaky sex continues, as the naked blonde keeps sucking his shaft even though his wife is sleeping only a foot away! They have to do things slowly and quiet, which only makes them hornier. Now it’s his time to be on the offensive as he eats her snatch next to his wife. His wife doesn’t allow him to lick her pussy this is why he eats out this cunt so good. Naked blonde gets on top and starts riding his shaft cowgirl style. Her fat ass is filled with a massive dick that goes almost balls deep inside of her. It’s so hard for the blonde to stay silent, but there is no other alternative. How could she ever explain her behavior? She could wake up any second anyway, so they know they have to be quick. There is so much more here to try, as the sexy naked blonde goes for reverse cowgirl. The dude still can’t believe that this is happening, but by know, he is horny that he doesn’t care about anything else but having his cock inside of her tight cunt for as long as possible. She is in for doggy style drilling, before once again taking his boner in her mouth before getting throat fucked. As her snatch is getting pounded even harder, he finally cums, covering her cute face with his load. 