Sexy blonde has her first customer for the day, and it’s a guy who would like to try their new tanning bed. She is happy to demonstrate as she is asking him to oil up her body while stripping. That is giving a young stud such a hard-on that makes a bold move, whipping out his dick in front of her. The salon employee is shocked because the skin on his penis is very sensitive to UV protection. She takes suntan lotion and starts rubbing it in his penis with both hands. Having a cock right in her face the girl automatically opens her mouth and takes it inside. The sexy girl is inspired by his bravery and rewards him by sucking his shaft like she never saw one. Blonde teen is deepthroating his shaft, which only inspires him to lick her pussy before finally impaling her missionary style. As he penetrates the blonde deeper, she is rubbing her clit, getting ready to cum for the first time. As she finally removes her bikini bottom, a sexy employee starts riding him like crazy. She is a brave bitch, as it didn’t take long before she was going balls deep, proving that she can handle it well. Reverse or regular cowgirl style, this tattooed slut was enjoying every moment of it. It didn’t matter that someone could come at any time and catch them while doing it. Sometimes you have to let it go and relax. This ultimate tanning experience continues with the dude standing over her face and lowering his scrotum into her mouth. She is a gifted slut, sucking him in her mouth, teasing him with her tongue, caressing his balls with her tongue, even stopping to gently blow on them to add a new sensation. Sexiest woman in porn! As her skull was banged once more, the blonde was fighting for her breath, but loving every moment. This was a short break before her tight shaved pussy was once again on the line and ready to be abused, this time doggy style right there on the tanning bed. For the grand finale, he came in her mouth as she was swallowing his load, removing every trace of their activity that will need to have a sequel! 