Two dashing brunette babes showed up at my door one day. They were door-to-door saleswomen and were eager to show me some of their products. I couldn’t say no to such beautiful ladies so I eagerly invited them inside. The girls wore shirts and skirts making them all formal but also extremely hot and sexy to me. However, as it turned out, they were selling sex toys and they were not even remotely innocent as I had thought at first. They caught me off guard when they first pulled out one of the dildos they were selling, explaining how it was their most sold product. Still in shock, I was not sure what was going on when asked me if I was up for a demonstration. I was beginning to understand where all of this was going and, just moments later, one brunette hottie with glasses was bent over on my couch with her plaid skirt up and her panties down while her hot colleague used lube to make her tight asshole and soft pussy all wet and ready. It didn’t take long for all of us to end up in my bedroom where girls turned even more kinky and naughty, kissing and playing with each other. I was soon offered to join and there was no way in hell I was going to say no to those hot girls. In no time I had two stunning chicks taking turns slobbering all over my throbbing shaft! I was sitting next to the bed while they were lying on their stomachs swallowing my whole shaft. I could see their firm asses barely covered with those sexy skirts as I felt my cock pulsating in their warm mouths. I could tell the girls were experienced at this as I was at the receiving end of one of the best double blowjobs of my life. After the babes made my dick all wet and slippery and ready for more, the one with the glasses mounted me in cowgirl position. My schlong immediately went balls deep inside her tight, trimmed pussy and she started riding me vigorously, with her girlfriend helping her out, fondling her tits, and forcing her down deeper and harder, enhancing the pleasure for all of us. Her et clam pulsated along the length of my cock.   I loved watching the girls kiss as one was bouncing up and down on my rod. Wanting to leave them both satisfied, we switched around and now the other, inked babe was riding me in reverse cowgirl. Her bubbly ass was jiggling in my face as she went up and down, with her friend still kissing her passionately and slapping her butt. I do love teen girls with a big ass! That teen slut could do things with her ass none of my other girls could do. Eager to show me how good is the lube they were selling the naked girls went on all fours with their amazing big bubble butts stuck in the air. I was in heaven, two hot naked girls were on their knees, waiting for me to fuck their cunts. I went on to pound them doggy style, one at the time. As I railed one babe, I used one of their vibrators to fuck the other. Both chicks ended up cumming multiple times from riding me and licking each other before I reached my limits and came all over them. I couldn’t hold back any longer, I grunted and yelled out at the girls, “FUCK! I’M CUMMING!” showering their pretty faces in my semen.