When her stepbrother got injured, she was put in charge of making sure he got the love and attention he needed. Unfortunately, or fortunately, who knows, one of the issues that this fella faced was special. It was a raging boner with no solution in sight. His stepsis caught him trying to jerk his cock under the covers and was mortified, but after the initial shock settled, she couldn’t stop staring at his boner. So, he simply asked his sister to help him, asked her to take care of it. Of course, she reluctantly did it. Nothing like a bit of sisterly love to cure his injuries. At first, she started with a really shy and short handjob. During that time, though, she was admiring her brother’s massive penis. And, slowly, with time, she put her lips on it, and boom! She was addicted to it, ready to maniacally suck it. And it was pretty exciting, mainly because their mom almost caught them. His sister hid under the covers and kept sucking on his schlong. That made the teens both so horny, so they had to fuck each other’s brains out. He pulled off his stepsister’s panties and after licking her slit from behind, he slowly penetrated her pussy. His sister reached back with both hands and spread her ass cheeks wide for him! This slutty nurse climbed on top of him and guided his prick into her smoking hot cunt. As she rode him, she leaned over so he could take her tits into his mouth. He always had wanted to put his finger inside a girl’s asshole and now his stepsister didn’t mind him playing with her little hole. Only she was so tight and untouched down there. They had to switch various poses. From missionary to doggy style and fucking on the side. Of course, some reverse cowgirl as well. Her brother watched her juicy ass ripple and shake as she impaled her cunt over and over with his rigid cock. The passion was evident and crystal clear, and they just kept fucking. Until they both came, that is. And after that, they were perfectly satisfied, and her brother’s problems were solved. He was all better and ready to sleep. So, for all sisters – take care of your brothers, and they will care for you as well! 