Whenever her roommates are away, young blonde brings guys to fuck her senselessly. She found this black guy with a massive dick, asking him to cum and nail her. She is not into romances, so what she does first is to take his black shaft in her hands and put it in her mouth, sucking it wildly. His boner was already enormous, but there is always room for improvement. Her man starts banging her doggy style on the bed, going deep inside of her. “You gots a sweet ass, white girl” he says, feeling her up. Her entire body convulses and spasmes from the moment he enters her from behind. His black cock is so thick, and it stretches her pussy lips out past their usual limit. Her tight pussy is pounded like it has never been before. But suddenly, they are caught in the act. Her blonde and brunette roomies are back, and before they say anything, she invites them to join the fun. The girls have one rule in the condo – they share everything. For the girls this is the first foursome together and the first black cock. “Ya’ likes that nigga cock, girls?” While the blonde is sucking this black schlong, her friends are patiently waiting for their turn. Their pussies are almost burning on fire and wet from the anticipation of finally living out their fantasy of being fucked by a black man. All three naked girls take turns sucking on this amazing black mamba. Now the girls are all on the bed in doggy style position, waiting for their turn. It’s a sort of friendly competition, as they are all trying to have that massive black thing balls deep inside of them. There is no real winner here, as all of them are capable whores. Three naked girl cry out from the combination of pleasure and pain, pushing their asses back meet every thrust. For their next position, they choose reverse cowgirl. As a blonde bitch with small tits is riding a shaft, her friends are playing with her snatch, encouraging her to continue. Two naked girls get in a 69 position eating each other’s pussy and he keeps destroying their cunts, having his black balls licked at the same time. With their mouths open wide, the black stud is releasing his cum on their faces, making the naked girls smile. 