Young brunette babe is having a hard time, an entire lovely summer wasted by a bad injury. While her friends are  out boozin’, tanning, and fucking, this beautiful young girl has to stay home as she has broken her leg. Lucky for her, she’s got a lovely stepmom watching out for her – changing her clothes, taking her out, the whole works. So how far will she go to help the teenage girl have as good of a summer as she can? It seems like nothing can make her feel better, but she is trying her hardest, helping her change into something sexier. This new outfit makes her feel like a proper slut that would get the attention of every boy in her school. She broke her leg a few ago, and until she fully heals, other girls could take her crown of the sluttiest girl. Her stepmom knows that she needs a boy, so she makes their young pool boy join her to make her feel better. It doesn’t seem he is too happy about it, but does have a choice? It’s his first week at their home, and he needs to keep his job. First, he’ll be tested by a MILF who pulls his dick out of his pants and sucks his shaft. He is well-hung and good enough for her stepdaughter. She orders him to slide his finger in her stepdaughter’s pussy and pleasure her. As a cougar is once again playing with his shaft, the pool boy is fingering the young pussy before she finally sucks his boner, sharing it with her stepmom. She hasn’t sucked cock and her horny pussy hasn’t felt a real cock for so long. The girls work perfectly together, so as one is swallowing his thing, the other is licking his balls. It’s not easy fucking with a broken leg, but with a bit of patience, the sexy teen manages to ride him reverse cowgirl style. He is careful, starting slowly but speeding up the rhythm once young babe settles and feels comfortable. At the same time, her stepparent is still here, encouraging her to continue while playing with her pussy. Being stuffed full of real cock feels so good. Finally, it’s time for mom to start riding the pool boy, as her massive ass is bouncing wildly, while her stepdaughter is slapping it. He is pounding so hard into her, his balls are slapping against her asshole.   He keeps slamming into her, making her big tits slap against his face. Both girls keep sucking his dick, sucking their pussy juices from it. Teen impresses by deepthroating, and it’s easy to see that stepmom is incredibly proud. The girls are kissing one another and the head of his cock between their lips and tongues. His young cock is throbbing, the MILF grabbed his schlong, put it in her slippery wet cunt and kept bouncing up and down on it. The young naked girl does not lose time and sits on his face, rubbing her pussy all over his face, using his nose as a plaything to rub her swollen clit as his tongue licks her open hole. The dude can’t believe this is happening, as he uses every last bit of his energy to satisfy both girls. It’s not an easy task to keep up with this nasty nymphoes who look instaiable, always ready for more hard pounding. While the hot naked woman is drilled missionary style, the teen is in the doggy style, having her pussy eaten. She can’t believe her stepmom is inside of her with her tongue, giving her the kind of pleasure she never felt before. It’s one thing to fuck boys from school, but another to have a threesome with her stepmom. It is a bonding session for them, something that they both enjoy as their faces are covered with a huge load of cum.