I planned to stay away from girls this NoNutNovember, but it’s not that simple when you have a gorgeous young brunette in your house. She came to fuck, and it’s not easy to resist her charms as she strips, teasing me with her firm and pretty nicely sized ass. Then she teases me while playing with her pussy. The little slut had quite the beautiful pink crotchless panties with a huge rip right in the most critical spot. She posed with her ass up in the air, lying on her back with her knees spread and pinned back, making her super smooth pussy lips bulge literally busting through her panties. My blue balls were screaming for release! She grabbed a vibrator and began playing it over her wet pussy right in front of me. Could you resist the temptation of not cumming in a such beautiful pussy? As she started sucking, I immediately stopped regretting that I’ve decided to abandon my “no sex “mission. Cute teen was licking my balls while jerking me off before once again; her warm mouth was filled with my dick. Just by watching her, you can see that she enjoys it so much, trying her best to deepthroat me before she decided to ride me cowgirl style. I agreed to as she wishes, as I didn’t care, as long as I’ve kept banging her like crazy. It’s always like that with her – she just appears in my house, strips, and asks to be fucked senselessly. There is something perverted about watching this barely legal girl asking you to degrade to a level of a street whore, but it’s even worse because she doesn’t ask for cash. Her wet pussy demands to be nailed, and that is all she is after. Naturally, we’ve moved to reverse cowgirl action as I could feel my balls touching her snatch while she was spreading her legs wide. Finally, I smashed her wet cunt in the doggy style, going rough inside of her, knowing that she won’t mind it. I’m pretty well-hung, but that is not a problem for her. I was so excited that I’ve decided to cum inside of her, filling her pussy with my semen and making a creampie. 