Alex is a cute, petite, nerdy brunette schoolgirl with glasses who likes to have kinky fun every now and then. She and her girlfriend, Arietta, who is this sensual redhead with soft, pale skin and seductive curves, skipped class and went to Alex’s home to fool around with each other. The moment the girls sat down on the couch, skinny and playful teen jumped at her girlfriend and started kissing her passionately. Just as the teens started getting frisky, lifting their shirts and exposing their bras, her stepbrother bumped into them and interrupted their fun. After a short bickering, girls went away and ended up in the bedroom. Once there, they have quickly gotten rid of their clothes and ended up wearing nothing but lingerie while making out even more aggressively. It didn’t take long for both of the young girls to strip completely naked, riding pillows with their dripping wet, tight pussies on the bed, watching each other and enjoying. Nerdy brunette, Alex, had a petite, skinny body with tiny tits while her girlfriend had more sensual curves with perky breasts. Two naked girls were going hard at it when the stepbro walked past their room and couldn’t help but hear them so he had to see what was going on. He sneaked into the room behind his stepsister’s back but the redhead saw him and, being a horny slut that she is, signaled that she would like for him to join. Alex was reluctant at first but Arietta explained that she was hungry for something hard and, in no time, her stepbro was lying naked on the bed, with two beautiful naked girls slobbering all over his throbbing boner. He was in heaven, watching his stepsis and her hot, young friend take turns swallowing his whole length and choke on his shaft, gagging as they tried to deep throat him one by one.   His cock and their faces were soon all messy from saliva and precum spilling all over before the girls decided they were ready for something more. The redhead spread her ass cheeks, inviting him to stick his cock in her teen cunt. He grabbed her pale asscheeks and massaged them as he fucked his step sister’s school friend. From there on out, he was hammering the redhead and his brunette stepsis as hard as he could and in every way possible. His naked sister spread her legs and let him get a good look at her neatly trimmed pussy. He immediately stuck his prick inside her, causing her to catch her breath. Her redhead friend sat on her face, rubbing her asshole into her nose and her wet pussy all over her mouth. With the two naked girls stacked on top of each other, the boy alternated between fucking one pussy and then the other. Girls loved switching on his dick and enjoying him rail their dripping wet cunts while they’d play with each other at the same time, kissing and licking, eating each other out and enhancing the pleasure until he ended up spraying cum all over them. He sprayed all over them as the naked girls tried to catch strings of mid-air cum with their tongues. 