Having a hot stepsister is like a curse, as apparently, you can’t fuck her, because it’s wrong. But it’s so hard to resist her charms, especially when I feel that she loves to taste my dick. Today she came early from school because she had a problem with her leg. I was there to check her and asked if I could give her a massage. I explained to her that I would do it better if she would remove her shorts, but I can’t lie – I was surprised when she did that! My hand was on her naked pussy, I touched her wet pussy lips for the first time. Her legs were open. I took every advantage of the situation. My sexy stepsister was giving me full access to her pussy. My finger found her slit and I started to move along her pussy. Her fat pussy lips easily yielded to my touch and my finger was completely surrounded by her hot wet flesh. Her young pussy had a landing strip of black hair just above her pussy lips that were clearly had her juice dripping slowly out of her. As she was playing with her tits, she didn’t take long before she came. After that event, we used every opportunity to fuck when we are alone. Next time we were home alone, my step sister just grabbed my shaft in the living room and started to suck it deep, like she never saw one. My sister always makes me hard with her school uniform, the plaid skirt, her white knee high socks and white blouse. She was flicking her tongue all over the head, darting it in, out, all over. She might be barely legal, but I was impressed with her skills. It seems that this little slut already had lots of experience with boys in school. I liked how she played with my balls and made me cum like crazy. She got surprised with a mouthful of gooey cum! A few days ago, she invited me to her bedroom and let me finger fuck her before I finally had a chance to nail her missionary style. I was rock hard, and she was so tiny down there that it was painful to go deep inside. Painful, but also extremely exciting, as you don’t get a chance to fuck a tight pussy every day! I was banging her balls deep doggy style a few minutes later before she started to ride me reverse cowgirl style. No matter the position, this babe was ready to give her all and felt joy as I was covering her cute face with cum. 