I am a simple man – give me a cute teen babe with small ass and a tight pussy, and I’ll be happy. I get people that love MILFs or curvy babes, but I prefer teen girls like this one that came to see me today. She is a stunning brunette that would blow your mind whatever your taste for women. I mean, check her out as she strips, showing her perfect, tight body and those tits to die for. They are not small but also not too big, just the way I like it. I’ve met last night and took her number, so I wasn’t lazy to call her today and check if she’s available. She could sense what I’m after, but I guess she wanted the same thing. The moment the teen babe arrived, she took her clothes off as I was watching her showing me her tight little ass before she moved to the bed and started to rub her shaved pussy for me. It was finally my time to join as I started by licking her snatch while she was spreading her legs. She played with my hair, asking me to go deeper inside of her with my tongue. But I didn’t want her to cum already, so we switched the roles. This time she was sucking my shaft, and having a hard time swallowing it. It was still lovely watching her taking my shaft deep in her small mouth, while almost gagging. Her efforts had to be rewarded, so I pushed my hard cock in her little pussy. My cock was completely in her pussy with her outer lips nudging tightly against the very last of my cock. I started fucking her pussy doggy style, as she was bouncing off my dick. I felt that this bitch likes it rough, so I didn’t waste time, going deep inside of her.   This sexy teen is almost like my muse, my inspiration to go on and explore her snatch as far as I can. What I’m sure is that her favorite position is reverse cowgirl style, and it’s mine too, as I could watch my shaft going deep inside of her as she was twerking. She is young but already knows a lot. I loved nailing her cowgirl style, too, as watching her face was priceless. Young naked girl started fucking hard at me while I plunged to her depths with each stroke. Her head fell back and her eyes rolled back in her head. I was acutely aware of the sound of her pussy as it slurped against me. Fuck she was wet, and I pushed my hips up as I imagined sinking deep inside of her. I could guess that because she is so tiny, many underestimated her capacity to fuck like girls that are bigger than her. Those guys that skipped her pussy are idiots anyway, but that is their loss. She is tight down there, but that is also what drives me wild and makes me smash her dripping wet pussy as I’ve never done before. I love watching her moaning and screaming as I go inside of her missionary style, spreading her legs as I was going inside of her balls deep. As I was ready to cum, I showered her tits and her face with my semen, before she grabbed my dick, put it in her mouth and continued sucking it, swallowing the rest of cum.