This babe is here to teach you everything there is to know about getting a hole in one, from ball cleaning to follow through, she will help you lower your stroke count. So imagine the surprise of this dude when he just went for a golf class, and his instructor was a lovely chick that was ready to teach him everything. This sexy teen loves to be fucked hardcore style, rough and without mercy, she wanted some rough sex in her ass, so he did exactly that. At first, he started to fuck her little throat. And that’s where the show started! The more he plowed her speaking hole, the more her mascara fell off. In the end, all that stayed were black smudges, and then she was ready for hard sex. This freaky dude apparently learned how to find the hole, since he just spread her asshole, and started pushing his massive cock inside. Teen girl moaned as he continued forcing more of his hard cock deep inside her asshole. He did not stop until every inch of my dick was buried inside her butt. And after only a short while, he started to pound her little shit hole violently, and she was entirely satisfied with it. He pumped her teen ass with long hard strokes, fucking her butt with as much energy as he could muster. Teen began to really moan in ecstasy as his balls began bouncing off her ass cheeks. In fact, her freaky side also started to appear, since the girl was ready to gobble his cock up instantly. She tasted it again, letting it reach the bottom of her throat once more.   That made them even hornier, and they just repeated the same process a few more times. The asshole, then the throat once again. And then a few times more. Of course, this included some other freaky stuff, like, for example, changing the holes. Imagine this lovely chick getting her pussy fucked now, while the dude is gaping her asshole with his fingers. That level of awesomeness is almost impossible to achieve. So, after a while, naked girl just started riding him, but he was still fucking her ass, not her cunt anymore. She was riding him, and then she was below him, then he was fucking her on the side. Lots of stuff happened, and they just continued to change poses. Her eyes now became red and teary, and her asshole was all pumped up and plumped. Her pussy was dripping wet, and you could hear her moan. She was utterly exhausted, but she was happy and pleased. One thing is for sure, though – this dude found something much more interesting than golf. And this chick will undoubtedly be back again for some more anal pounding sessions. It did not take him very long to cum as she used her sphincter muscle to squeeze his cock. He was filling her ass with cum, she just moaned as she willingly received load of hot cum into her sexy body.