She was a petite and energetic girl who loved fooling around, dancing and teasing me by showing parts of her perfect body before we even started having real fun. I loved catching glimpses of her perky tits and her soft, pink, shaved pussy before she went on to strip completely naked and lie down on the bed to rub herself. I watched her lovely snatch quickly become dripping wet just from her fingers alone so I had to join and help her out by massaging her clit with a sex toy. That quickly brought her over the edge and she experienced an intense orgasm which, in turn, made her even hornier. Eager to return the favor, young naked girl went on all fours and pulled my throbbing shaft out of my pants. My huge size could barely fit her tiny mouth but she did her best to take it all in. I watched her choke and gag while trying to swallow my whole length. Cutie could fit maybe half of it on her own so I had to help her out by grabbing her head and fucking her throat forcibly. Being the little slut that she is, she loved it and my dick was soon dripping from all the precum and spit mixing in her mouth. After enjoying such a sloppy blowjob we were both ready for something even more hardcore. She was so little and light I easily picked her up and impaled her on my fat rod while standing. Her soft moans turned into screams of pleasure as I was railing her pulsating cunt, feeling her tight warm walls stretch from my size. All that pleasure quickly brought me to the edge so I came a massive load, filling her completely and giving her a thick, warm creampie. I pulled out to let her enjoy it for a second and watch it slowly drip from her pussy before I stuffed my shaft back inside. I was nowhere near to finishing so I lied down and had the sexy naked girl mount me in reverse cowgirl. We were both messy from her pussy juice and my cum as we kept going even harder than before. Tiny girl was vigorously jumping up and down, impaling herself balls deep, wanting to be completely ravaged. I kept fucking the hell out of her, using her like a sex doll. 