I’ve been working as a professional photographer for a few years now, and I love my job. I’m always trying to find the right settings, but what I’ve learned is that things are much easier when you have the right model posing. Today I have a session with this teen babe as her massive tits are the stars of the show. I couldn’t help but take a few extra pictures of her amazing big tits for myself. It’s not like I’ve never done erotic shooting before. It’s a bit harder to concentrate, but I could handle it without compromising my integrity. Still, this time, things were different. Just by looking at her, I could see that she likes me and is acting like trying to seduce me. I kept cool, until the moments my model dropped her panties and practically begged me to do something about it. Her body was absolutely insane and all I could think about was playing with her boobs, rubbing her pussy and fucking her, fucking her hard and cumming all over her face and her tits! She didn’t need this photo session but a large dick, and I knew that I couldn’t disappoint her. I loved her giant boobs and that tight, shaved pussy that I was already touching. We started slowly as I was giving her a choice of what to do next. My naked model told me she loves giving blowjobs, and that’s how we started. She took her sweet time, taking it deep in her mouth, but there was no need to hurry. We had all the time in the world to do whatever we want for however long we want. It didn’t take long before I’ve realized she is into deepthroating as I was fucking her head, before throwing her on the bonnet and going inside of her missionary style. She spread her legs in front of me and told me her boyfriend didn’t fuck her right, so I did my best to show that big natural beauty a good time! She grabbed my cock and rubbed the head all over her slit, then put me in her opening, and winced as I pushed through.   I loved the site of fucking her hard and watching her big tits sway in rhythm to each thrust I made deep into her pussy. Babe looked like she was about to cry, but I didn’t care. It was too late now, as I won’t stop until I cum. After I drilled her snatch while standing, naked girl went inside the BMW, giving me the chance to nail her doggy style. I fucked her as hard as I could, but it was even better when she started riding me cowgirl style. Listening to her moaning and watching her giant tits bouncing like crazy, would make anyone rock hard. My mind went blank as I could only think about her gorgeous body and that pussy giving me the kind of pleasure I rarely get. She was more like a professional prostitute than a model, and I loved it when she took my boner between her tits and let me fuck them. The smile on her pretty face was telling me that she is having so much fun doing it, and I can’t deny that it boosted my confidence. I knew I could do whatever I wanted with her as she was cumming like crazy. As I was about to shoot my load, I sprayed her massive juggs, covering them before she took my schlong in her mouth and cleaned it. I passed the test, and she will recommend me to her friends!