Some fellas just naturally have more testosterone inside of them. That usually means that they’re hornier, or they are always willing to have sex. That kind of stuff often leads to socially unacceptable behavior that parents don’t know how to solve. Lucky for this dude, his parents were pretty understanding about his problem. To deal with his son’s chronic humping, his father had grudgingly agreed with a sex therapist, that an inflatable sex doll was the best way to help a horny teenager channel his sexual energy. The teen boy was always maniacally humping stuff, almost to the point of craziness. When they presented him with a sex doll he was pretty happy. Almost out-of-this-world level of happy. But, since he was humping the doll violently, his poor sap of a father got disappointed and left. What his father didn’t know, though, was that the sex therapist was horny as well too. And, combining that with son’s erratic sexual behavior, you can come to the logical conclusion. As he was humping that doll, the woman decided not to miss the chance to enjoy a young hard cock full of hot cum. She pulled down her blouse and showed him her tits. Poor fella was so excited that he literally ruined the doll and tore it apart. A MILF immediately dropped down to her knees and started to suck his young prick passionately. And obviously, this woman knows how to suck a cock, since she was doing everything. Tip-licking, violent sucking, brutal deep-throat, and of course, she didn’t forget the balls. So imagine a beautiful woman just twisting her tongue all around your cock, literally ready to swallow it whole and never let it go. That was pretty exciting for a little boy! Naked woman leaned back and spread her legs in front of the boy. “So you ain’t never seen a real pussy huh?” she teased. Well right off he remembered guys at school talking about eating pussy and even though he had never seen a pussy before he buried his face between her legs and began to kiss and lick and suck and lap her amazing cunt! He was all around the place! The clitoris, the pussy lips, everything. And, before they actually started fucking, she had another deep-throat session with his cock, right on the table!   Naked woman was also upside down, which was pretty fucking hot. Of course, then they started fucking. At first, the gorgeous naked woman was pressed against the table. That way, you can see her athletic MILF body correctly, and you can see her big boobs bouncing. Her lovely titties were jumping as her pussy was getting pumped full of his delicious and stiff cock. And you can just see the feelings of pleasure on her slutty little face! They continued to fuck that for a while, trying to achieve an orgasm. But, since everything was so passionate, they needed to do more. That meant sitting on a comfortable chair, with her riding his cock very roughly. Naked woman was just jumping up and down, trying to literally swallow his cock with her sweet and pink cunt. Now that was amazing! She was just riding it while clenching her teeth because her pussy walls were getting fucked so hard. Of course, where’s the good sex without some more poses? So, her back was once again pressed against the table, while her legs were on the chair, still desperately trying to fit in his massive dick. He may be a small dude, but he certainly knows how to bring this lady to an orgasm. “Do you want to cum on my face?” Yeah, he jacked of at her face while she licked at his cock head.