My friend and I met this chick today, and she asked us if we would love to fuck her together. Before I could even say anything, she broke down and told us all about her problems. You see, she is so tiny that her girlfriends are always teasing her that she won’t ever find guys willing to drill her holes. My friend and I were her ways to prove everyone wrong, and of course, we accepted it! The girl took us home, stripped in seconds, and got on her knees. I don’t know about other guys, but we were impressed. There is something perverted about fucking such a tiny spinner that is barely legal but looks much younger. She was so cute and sexy! As we offered her our hard dicks, she took the initiative and handled them with care. As she was giving a blowjob to me, she stroked my friend’s dick and vice versa. Once we were rock hard, it was the time to enter her trimmed pussy. I was surprised that she handled it so well, as I could go balls deep inside of her petite vagina. She didn’t feel any pain, judged by her loud moaning as she continued to suck the other cock. But the ultimate test was about to cum as she invited us to double penetrated her. Laughed and said, “Mmm, fuck me boys,” in a low and sexy tone that made me shiver. Entering her asshole was gave me unimaginable pleasure, especially when I realized that I could bang her roughly. The young naked girl had two new cocks fully inside her, entirely stuffing both of her holes. We had out rhythm, going at the same pace as each cock took its turn going inside her ass and pussy and pulling back out as the other went back in.  This young slut is well-trained and can handle dicks better than every whore I’ve nailed in my life. We could do whatever we wanted, and she would still ask for more. As our massive loads were filling up her asshole and her pussy at the same time, she was so happy as her mission was fulfilled. She even taped it all, to prove everyone that she did good! Teen girls love nothing more than taking two, huge cocks at the same time! 