Usually, when you come back from work, life is still pretty shitty. Either your girlfriend is fucking some other dude out there, or your wife just doesn’t give a shit anymore. Your kids are failures and junkies, and stuff like that just annoys you. But, not everything’s black, and sometimes, things can be well. Like for this dude, for example. He came home after a pretty hard day at work, and he saw something beautiful – a very delicious dinner on the table, and his naked girlfriend waiting for him. And his lovely girlfriend is a perfectly petite brunette with a gorgeous face. Plus, she’s very promiscuous, but in a delicate and gentle way. So, imagine his surprise when even with the dinner, the main course for her was his cock. His sexy naked girl was pretty happy to make him relax with a blowjob. She put her lips on it, and the magic began. This wasn’t one of those dirty and aggressive blowjobs, no. This was one of the sensual ones, with great delicacy and gorgeous tongue movements. Her beautiful lipstick left its marks on his cock as his sexy girlfriend was swallowing it, and then letting it out again. Her beautiful hazelnut eyes were staring intensely into this dude, as he’s seeing her suck him off like a little angel. And it was utterly amazing. She spent a lot of time there, too, just to keep him happy. Some sucking, followed by some more licking, is what made this blowjob amazing. Her sweet and soft tongue was slowly going all over his big cock, and it felt pretty good. Of course, she wasn’t done with him, so she tried some more stuff with him. At first, she gently grabbed her little pussy and slowly sat on his cock. When it was entirely inside of her, she started to bounce up and down while swaying her hips around sensually. Imagine the sight of a naked girl with a beautiful and frail body, with her unbelievably juicy small tits, just rocking out with your cock inside of her. And she loved the feeling too. Since judging by her facial expressions, she was enjoying all of it so much. And after that, they switched poses as well.   His naked girlfriend spread her long legs in front of him. The sight of her little clit almost hidden at the top of her pussy lips was enough to drive his hormones into raging overdrive. He moved between her spread legs and rubbed the head of his cock along the length of her slit then pushed deep into her sweet vagina. They tried out some doggy style, and it was mesmerizing. I love the sight of her tasty asshole between her little, but perky ass cheeks. She just loved the way he fucked her, and she wanted more. After the doggy style, they went back to something a bit more innocent. And that’s hugging combined with them rubbing their genitals next to each other. With his throbbing hard cock between her thighs he began rubbing against her soaked pussy. This was simply a break since soon enough, and they came back for some more riding. And that went on until they both came, and until they were both utterly satisfied. So, that’s a piece of good advice to girls – wait for your man and do something beautiful for him. You never know how much he needs it.