I love my stepdaughter, but she is so lazy. She always needs my help with studying, and even then, I have a hard time convincing her how important it is to have good grades. I married her mom a year ago, and since she is rarely home, I have to take about her. Lately, I’ve noticed that she is giving me these weird looks like she is planning something. Still, I didn’t pay much attention to it. She is barely 18, so I guess she a teenage girl a lot on her mind. Today was no different – as I was trying to help her learn about economics, she told me she would instead do something else. Even before I’ve started telling her she needs to focus, she showed me her pink panties and one of her boobs. I lost my mind in seconds, and even though I knew this was wrong, I couldn’t help myself. What would happen if my wife saw us? What kind of example I am to her teenage daughter, I thought as I was shoving my dick inside of her pussy. That’s how we started – no blowjob, no pussy licking, just doggy style pounding from the start. She looked at me , smiled slightly and said, “I want you inside of me!” I didn’t mind that all, as she was already dripping wet. Still, she was so tight. I hadn’t had a chick this tight since High School, how good she felt around my cock. I felt her young pussy tighten round my cock. A teen slut pushed her sexy ass back onto my dick, wanting me deeper inside her so bad, taking my dick deeper and quicker into her soaking wet pussy. She was barely able not to scream, but we were still not safe. My wife can come home at any random time, but that only made this so much more exciting.   I couldn’t believe I was fucking my stepdaughter in the kitchen, and she was enjoying every second of it. I was surprised that she was such a slut, but I guess she had a lot of practice in high school. I was only next in line, as she hoped I could teach her a few new tricks. As a responsible stepparent, of course, I wanted to perform at the top level. I’ve turned her around and started banging her missionary style while watching my shaft penetrating her snatch. I was inside of her balls deep as she was breathing hard. As I was speeding up, she was still handling it well. I didn’t tell her that, but she reminds me of her mom. They are both submissive and love it rough, which is an ideal combination. Finally, she got down on her knees and started sucking me, tasting her pussy juices in the process. I just stood and watched her doing it while trying not to cum. She was quite good at it, so I decided to reward her the best way I can – by letting her ride me. Young naked girl was bouncing on my shaft like crazy, controlling the pace as I grabbed her ass. I haven’t fucked a college girl in decades, but thanks to my stepdaughter, I feel young again. I was so horny that I’ve shot loads of cum on her cute face, making her messy, but happy.