I was walking down the streets a few days ago, and that’s when I saw a familiar face. I haven’t’ seen Melody since high school, but as I’ve stopped to say high, I noticed that she was in trouble. Her car broke down, and she needed help fixing it. She also needed something else, as she was grabbing my crotch and flirting, desperate to have sex! I didn’t mind that at all, as we went on the roof of this building, hoping no one will find us. It was the middle of the day, and the streets were busy, but the sense of danger made things even better. Melody was in control, so as I was lying down, she took my shaft in her mouth and started to suck it very hard and with one hand pumped the remaining shaft, with other hand she still played with my balls. I could only groan as she sucked one of my balls into her mouth and began to roll it around with her tongue. Then she sat over me and guided my dick to her pussy. I could not believe I was doing this. My high school friend was grinding my cock with her pussy mashed down tightly and her hips gyrating. My knob slipped in easily as she lowered herself down. Her exceptionally tight cunt surprisingly swallowed my entire dick in one slow thrust. Her pussy was hot and her juices were lubing me up. I was balls deep inside her hot wet snatch as she threw her head back. I played with her boobs as she was speeding things up, letting me know that she loves it rough. This busty blonde made so much noise, but I think that she almost wanted someone to hear us doing it. It was that good for her. At some point, I think we both stopped caring about it. It was all about my shaft banging her snatch and making her come time after time. We were switching positions as the naked girl was on me reverse cowgirl, encouraging me to go inside of her balls deep. She was bouncing herself up and down. I gripped her hips to make sure that I could get my cock as deep as possible. This busty slut was open to any suggestion, so I decided to see how far she can go. Apparently, there were no limits, as I loved slapping her behind while penetrating her meat hole doggy style. As long as I was inside of her, she was happy. She was also pleased once I sprayed my load on her pretty face, finishing in style! 