A teacher is having issues lately, as he is obsessed with his student. She is a proponent of staying a virgin until she gets married, and after reading her piece about it, he develops a dark fixation. He is not happy about it as it could ruin his life. He is well respected, has a decent job and beautiful blonde with giant tits that he just fucked. But she is asleep, he is wide awake, and can’t stop thinking about that barely legal student. The situation is so bad that he can’t stop thinking about it and jerks off while watching her picture in a yearbook and even cums on it. The next day, he asks her to visit him after school, promising her that he will help her become a writer. That is something that she always wanted, but their conversation quickly turns to sex talk. Finally, her teacher asks if she feels it, too? The connection between them? When he read her essay, it was as though it was specifically written for HIM, as if an 18-year old virgin was asking HIM to have the honor of taking her virginity! Teen girl is shocked, exclaiming that that’s not what she was implying at all, but her teacher has power over her. If she doesn’t give herself to him, he might stop her from graduating school or getting accepted into good colleges. He could end all her dreams with just one report card. The innocent girl has to submit to his twisted delusion. As he starts kissing her and pulling her panties, the blonde teen is not saying a word. The horny teacher keeps kissing her titties, sucking them, and nibbling on them. He moves down her body, kissing her sensitive tummy. Her breathing quickens as he kisses and licks his way down to her pussy. He pulls down her panties, exposing her previously untouched pussy, inhaling the aroma of her sex. He is the man that will crush her virginity and it’s all about satisfying his perverted fantasies. The young girl is butt naked and he wants her to suck his cock. She might be a virgin, but that doesn’t mean she doesn’t want to taste a boner in her mouth for the first time.   He pulls her head forward, forcing his cock to push deep into her mouth. She looks so beautiful with a cock all over her face. The girl has the urge to take his balls in her mouth and to taste them as well. Her teacher is impressed, but there is so much to learn still. One of these things is face fucking. She is struggling to breathe as his shaft is deep inside her tiny mouth while she is playing with her pussy. As the naked virgin is spreading her legs wide, her teacher is now inside of her pussy with his tongue, making it wet and ready to get penetrated for the first time. He starts slowly, going inside her missionary style, but quickly turns up the heat by banging her like a cheap whore. He is pounding her brutally, and even though naked girl is screaming and moaning, she never wants him to stop. He continues her mission by drilling her little pussy doggy style, and the look on her face only makes him go harder on her. It is a harsh lesson for this young blonde, but she never regrets doing it. It is even better once she starts to ride him reverse cowgirl style, even controlling the pace for a bit. Her cock sucking skills are still on the test as before changing a pose, she is once again giving her teacher a blowjob. As he is inside her once more, he decides to fill her tight pussy with his cum, making a beautiful creampie.