I had the pleasure of giving the sexiest and most erotic oil massage to this dashing young babe who eagerly lied down naked on the table. Willing to make the best out of the given situation, I was expertly rubbing all the right places. Her perfect nipples on those beautiful perky tits hardened under my fingers as I fondled and rubbed her breasts before I went down across the stomach and to her already wet pussy. I was gently caressing her and using a lot of oil to tease her even when she turned on her stomach and presented me with her firm butt and tight asshole. It didn’t take much for me to bring her to the edge and drive her insane and before she realized what was going on, I had my face buried between her legs and my tongue deep in her soft cunt. Her soft moans were instantly turned into screams of pleasure as she was enjoying me eating her out and bringing her to a quick, leg shaking orgasm. That’s where I knew I had her. Willing to return the favor, she took my throbbing boner in her mouth and started sucking me off, horny for my shaft. Her petite mouth could barely fit half of my size at first but she was going hard and deep at it, taking more and more down her throat. My dick was rock hard and soon glistening with all the precum and saliva mixing in her mouth and spilling all over as the naked teen girl was making me ready to pound her relentlessly. I first took her as she was lying on her back on the massage table. Naked girl spread her legs and I watched her perfect, skinny, tight body as I impaled her pulsating snatch balls deep on my boner.   Her perky tits started jiggling as I started stuffing her harder and deeper, watching to stretch her insides completely and make her scream. Her hands ran up and down my back, caressing my buttocks and urging me to fill her hungering cunt. It didn’t take long for me to reach my limits and pump her full of jizz, giving her the thickest and biggest creampie ever, but that was just the beginning. The sight of a creampie made me more excited. I was determined to drill her through multiple orgasms and cumshots so we just kept going. Naked girl straddled me in reverse cowgirl, she slid her cum filled pussy down the entire length of my cock and then sat on my member with my jizz still dripping from her pussy. She was as horny as me so she started going all the way down, impaling herself balls deep. I grunted thrusting into her hard and spurting, then again, thrust and spurt, cumming and cumming into her cock-milking pussy. She could feel the powerful shots of cum coating her insides, and it drove her wild. After she turned around facing me in a cowgirl position and kept riding me with the same intensity, I came inside of her once again. One more time she gently stopped, enjoying the warm feeling of my load inside her pussy before we went on to fuck even harder, never completely stopping. Her pussy was clamping around my pistoning prick as she came too. I ravaged her pulsating, wet hole into multiple earth-shattering orgasms and filled her with many more loads of my white semen before we ended up all messy and tired but completely satisfied.