She won’t admit it, but a blonde MILF is jealous of her best girlfriend. After her husband kicked her out, she now had a much younger boyfriend. She could only imagine how it was to have a nice young cock in bed as it fucks her senselessly every night, making her scream while having orgasms. She divorced her husband a few years ago, but since then, she didn’t have much luck in love. Seeing her friend kissing with her boy toy was hard for her, but she tried her best not to show it. Later in the day, she went inside the bedroom, only to find her girlfriend giving her young lover a blowjob. She was shocked but couldn’t stop watching them. What she did was to seduce this fellow, and secretly tell him to make a way to follow her as she would love to suck his cock. He was stunned, but quickly decided he wouldn’t miss this opportunity to fuck two hot women in one day! He joined this beautiful naked woman in the shower where she started playing with his massive cock. Then she turned over, grabbed his cock and stuck it in her pussy, and started pushing her ass onto his cock. The trouble is, they were quickly discovered, and her friend was ready to pack her things and go. This sets off a tug-of-war between the girls for him, allowing them to finally bond over something they can agree on: the MILFs both deserve a full helping of his cock. The naked women were both giving him a blowjob, the roughest he ever had before. Then the busty brunette started riding him wildly cowgirl style. The tension had left the building as the girls were having so much fun now. It was essential for their lover to have lots of energy, as handling two horny MILFs was not an easy task. As he was eating one pussy, he was banging the other cunt at the same time, impressing them both. This little prankster is so young and skinny, but he is the best sex toy they ever had.   There was no need for the girls to fight for his attention as he was giving them more than they’ve asked. As brunette mature was having her cunt banged missionary style, her blonde friend was on top of her, playing with her pussy. Finally, it was her time to have her snatch hammered doggy style while being busy eating pussy. At this point, the women were so horny that they knew this wouldn’t stop until all of them are dead tired. A youngster was still enjoying his time as they’ve just started, as they kept changing positions. The MILFs were a few breaks for him as his shaft was sucked before the final phase started. Matures were now stacked as his boner was going inside them both doggy style. The same thing continued as the naked girls were on their backs, receiving his rod missionary style, and coming once more. When they gave him permission, he finally had an intense orgasm and produced lots of cum to cover their tits and faces as they kissed and made a deal to live together and continue having these wild threesomes as soon as possible.