This study group meets to refresh themselves on the latest nursing program material. Studying is really important for these students, but what’s even more important is maintaining a healthy sex life as well. You see, when it comes to sex, this dude gets all the pussy in school and it’s no secret why. He has a huge cock and these girls know this. There is this gorgeous babe with platinum hair who is single, the other girls tease her about it. This babe looks so innocent in those glasses, perusing the latest notes. But her nails, her attitude, her shy flirtation. There’s a minx under there waiting for someone to tear off her clothes and make her dick drunk! He just can’t keep his eyes off her well rounded butt and her huge natural hanging tits. The room is hot and when she takes off her bra through her uniform, the dude can see the top of the mountain! Her uniform slips open a little and gives him a peek of her amazing breasts. He wants to grab them, just imaging chewing and sucking on her soft titties, brings his cock to full mast. After that, the hot blonde shows off her twerking skills after one of the female friends compliments her on her ass. She called for a break and the two chicks went to the other room for just a moment to get some snacks and refreshments. That was more than enough time for the babe to lock the door and seduce the bald dude who was more than interested at fucking her at this point. He is pleasantly surprised when she comes closer showing off her big nude breasts. They just look so perfect, big heavy breasts with large nipples and big areola! He reaches up and starts massaging her tits with both hands. She pushes her chest forward, tilts her head back, and closes her eyes as he plays with her beautiful boobs. He also has a present for her! When he pulls out his huge 10 inch cock the girl can’t help getting on her knees and taking this amazing penis in her mouth. She starts sucking off his big monster cock, caressing her own breasts at the same time.   She knows they doesn’t have much time before the other two girls start snooping around. So they start fucking pretty fast. Sexy babe lays her head on the sofa, sticking her big bubble ass in the air, patiently waiting for him to fill her up. Her body starts quivering when he pushes his huge cock deep into her pussy from behind. She couldn’t believe that all the rumors were true with this dude and that his dick was really that big, but now she wants to get fucked by him from every possible position. Busty naked girl jumps on his cock like a pornstar and the dude can’t believe what he is seeing. She begins to go faster and faster until she is jack-hammering her cunt up and down on the cock. Those full, firm tits are hanging in front of his face like two giant water drops. The slippery walls of her tight cunt pulse on his thick cock as she screams when she comes again and again. He was the pussy slayer at college, but apparently this babe was such a pro and he never knew about it. She is also really hot with those nerdy glasses. He can’t resist fucking her tits, wrapped her meaty tits around his cock, rocking back and forth nuzzling his dick in her cleavage. The two babes did come back but all they came back to was a locked door while the two of them fucked well into the night forgetting about studying.