It sure feels like this will be a boring weekend for the girls. They are home alone and are desperately trying to find a way to have some fun. One of the girls laments how she hasn’t been laid in a while… too long, in fact! All of their friends are out of town, so the girls have to think about something quickly. Her friend has an idea – why not to call this hunky new next-door neighbor over and see if he can help her? He is an older guy that looks like he could be their dad, but her friend is not looking for a father figure. As one of the girls is showing him her pussy, the other one puts a bag on his face. Before he could figure out what is going on, the horny blonde already pulled out his dick and started playing with it! He was excited that he was part of this game, even though he wouldn’t admit it! Hot babe started sucking him wildly, making that schlong even larger and getting it ready for the wild action. She loves giving blowjobs as she looked almost desperate like she hasn’t done it in months. Moreover she hasn’t been with someone that much older. College boys are usually clueless, which leaves her frustrated, so someone with so much experience is something that these girls need. The blonde quickly stood, pulling her dress down off her body, exposing her beautiful breasts! Great, natural beauty, no silicone boobs. Gorgeous naked girl got on his lap forcing the head of his cock into her wet hole! She leaned forward and placed her boob into his mouth. A grey-haired man was now heavily involved as he was banging a blonde cowgirl style, and was doing it pretty roughly.   The girls loved it, as brutal action is something that they’ve always preferred. She didn’t have to say a word as he was doing things the right way. He proved great in every challenge, even when eating her snatch and enjoying the taste of her juices. Busty blonde was now back in his cock, but this time rode it reverse cowgirl style. So damn hot with those big natural titties! She was not holding back anymore, as her shaved meat hole was penetrated balls deep. Her girlfriend was still around, encouraging her to continue while watching her performance as her pussy was getting dripping wet. It was impossible not to get excited as her friend had her throat and tits fucked. But, it was only a short break before her pussy was once again pounded, this time doggy style. He was happy to be inside someone so young and stunning while being watched by another sexy girl. That’s why he needed to perform the best way he can, making her girlfriend have multiple orgasms. Her juicy ass was in the air and her tits were swaying and hanging down, and he pushed his huge cock into her pussy hole. Naked girl got between his legs and wrapped her soft titties around his cock and began tit fucking him. Her big natural tits are fuckin mesmerizing! He was controlling himself not to cum prematurely, but when he felt it was the time to do it, he emptied his balls in her mouth, making her swallow it. Now the girls know that every time they need a dick, their friendly neighbor will help them.