If there’s a single annoying thing, it’s makeup advertisers. Especially when they’re just those dumb blogger chicks that have no idea what they’re talking about. They’re always spewing some nonsense, and you just can’t even stand to listen to them. So, sometimes, you just think about hate fucking their throats. Well, luckily, these girls also usually whores as well, so there weren’t any problems in this video. At first, you see this chick advertising some makeup, talking about totally dull stuff. She’s tiny, she has a small mouth, and her little thighs are pretty hot. Of course, when she puts on her makeup, she has to test it somewhere. And what better way there is to check your makeup’s durability than to mush your face in some balls? Well, this cum slut knows that, so she brought a guy with a really massive cock. Of course, she sucked him off, and it was utterly amazing. Think about her switching between a few places. At first, of course, she’s deepthroating that cock like a maniac. And that was cool, and you literally see veins on her neck popping out because she can’t take it all without choking. But eventually, she combines multiple crucial elements of sexual activity. First of all, she includes a little bit of hand stuff in there, just for fun. And after that, she also starts sucking on his balls. But even that is not the best part! The best part is how passionate she was and how she stuffed her face right inside of his balls just to smell the scent and to lick them better. He grabbed her hair and fucked her face fast and deep. Of course, that got them both so horny! So, they immediately started to fuck on a big leather sofa, and it was just amazing. It’s wild, intense, and it’s full of different sexual poses. He was basically throwing naked girl around on that sofa, fucking her from every single side.   You have him fucking her from behind, and plowing her pussy so fast that his cock slips out. Then you have him being on top of her, and you can see the way she’s looking at him. Her eyes were full of lust, and she was basically on the verge of tears just because the sex is quite good. With his hard body crushing her in to the sofa, and his hard cock destroying her little cunt she feels her body convulse in the most powerful orgasm she has ever had. She feels the muscles in her cunt walls slam together, squeezing his cock hard. Makeup is streaked by tears, mouth wide in a cry, he utterly destroying her cunt hole. Crazy slut can’t help screaming out in pleasurable pain, as she feels she is going to be split in two by his huge cock like a dirty filty little slut. She wants him to cum before she passes out. He’s fucking her from the side. And then turning her around, and then also being on top of her. Their action was so hardcore and intense that they just couldn’t stay in one place. But, of course, they spent a significant amount of time in the riding position, and they banged so fast and passionate that, in the end, they both came. And after that, they realized what it means to have some good sex. Only next time, it’s going to be even more hardcore, and the girl will handle her pounding better as well.