It’s a holiday season, and I decided to invite these two girls from my college to come and visit me. These gorgeous slim brunettes were making cookies and having so much fun while doing it. I’m not a great pastry chef, but I couldn’t miss this. I had forgot the frosting and sprinkles at the store and the girls were pissed. I told them to improvise and soon they turned their attention from the cookies to my cock! The girls quickly started teasing me before they stripped, showing their perky tits. I would lie if I told you that I wasn’t surprised, but of course, I loved it! The girls were so confident that they took the initiative and quickly got on their knees and started sucking me. They were working as a team, so as one of them was giving me a blowjob, the other was licking my balls. I swear I was rock hard in about ten seconds while concentrating hard not to cum all over their cunt faces. I wanted this to continue as long as possible! This had the potential to be an awesome threesome. Handling two young naked girls means you need twice the energy, but the rush of adrenaline was helping me with that. As one of them was on the kitchen counter, I started going deep inside her trimmed snatch. She was so tight down there that I felt the pain going inside. I never fucked a virgin, but I guess this was pretty close. It felt so good banging her while her girlfriend was watching us and patiently waiting for her turn. I knew I would get a chance to fuck them both like I was sure it would be hard to decide which one I like more. The naked girls spread their legs wide and let me penetrated them missionary style.   We were still making short breaks, like when I was on the floor as they were once again playing with my shaft. This time, the difference was that they were going for a deepthroat, which was quite impressive. Watching the girls struggle to do it but keeping up and encouraging one another was the cutest thing. As I was still lying down, they use the opportunity to ride me cowgirl style, controlling the pace. Teen with beautiful young body and perfectly perky breasts bounced on my penis with her head flung back and her long hair touched my knees. Watching her pussy move faster up and down my extremely hard cock was mesmerizing. I moved my hands to her pussy and her titties. Her friend then jumped on my schlong reverse cowgirl style, working her big bubble butt up and down on my cock. The other girl helped her by pushing her ass onto my cock harder, making the meaty slap of her ass cheeks every time she brought it down hard on the cock. The naked girls finally made me shoot buckets of cum on their pretty faces. Even that wasn’t enough as they sucked my shaft, making it clean once more as they were swapping cum. The weekend has just started, so I know they will want more!