As a masseur, I sometimes get the chance to be reminded just how awesome my job can be. This time, I had an adorable teenie who was happy to receive more than just a massage. She had a beautiful face with long, exotic, grayish hair and her body was out of this world. Her big, natural tits with pink, soft nipples and thick, sensual curves on a slim frame were more than enough to make anyone go crazy. I couldn’t help but to caress and squeeze her all over, gently spreading her asscheeks and admiring both of her tight, little holes. At one point the young beauty even grabbed a vibrator alone and spread her legs to massage her clit and pussy into an intense orgasm. Making herself cum turned her on even more and, soon after that, this young hottie ended up on her knees in front of me, with my pants down and my cock throbbing right in her pretty face. Hungry for it, she grabbed the shaft with both hands and started slobbering all over it with her slutty mouth and luscious lips. My dick was rock hard as she was doing her best to fit as much of it as she could down her throat. Her mouth soon started oozing all the precum and saliva which was mixing and spilling all over. Having enjoyed such a long and passionate cocksucking session, I wanted to return the favor. Naked girl lied on her back on the massage table and spread her legs for me so I buried my tongue deep in her snatch and started eating her out, tasting her pussy juices. She was moaning softly in pure joy and loving the way I licked her while simultaneously squeezing her tits.   I sucked on her clit so vigorously as she was cumming that all she could do was moan, pull my head closer to her and grind herself against my mouth. Both of us couldn’t go on much longer with just foreplay so, while naked girl was still lying in the same position, I stood up and forced my boner inside her trimmed cunt, going all the way in right off the bat. Her fuckable face gave me the most satisfying look and that was enough for me to start drilling her vigorously. I watched her massive breasts swaying back and forth as I pumped her balls deep, listening to her soft moans before we changed positions to go even harder at each other. She mounted me like a slutty cowgirl and started riding me herself, wanting to take some initiative. I enjoyed watching her big tits yet again, bouncing even harder and sexier this time as she was jumping up and down, impaling herself passionately. Willing to feel each other in every way and from every angle, we kept switching and trying out different things. From cowgirl position, naked teen babe turned around into a reverse cowgirl where I went on to pound her from underneath, making her scream as she felt her pink pussy ravaged before we switched into doggy where I completely destroyed her, making her cum multiple times. All of that eventually made me explode too, pumping her full of my load.