Young and adventurous college girls who were as sexy as they were smart decided they wanted to explore their limits and try something many would never dare to. They got into their most erotic clothes and a hot redhead drove them to a destination in a luxurious car. Once the girls got to an expensive penthouse, they were given a set of strict rules before they ended up being tied up and blindfolded in a bedroom. When the blindfolds were finally taken off, the half naked girls were kneeling in front of a man who had his throbbing boner up in their faces. The tension is palpable; the girls act like they are scared about what they have gotten themselves into. One girl was pushed on the bed, still tied up, while the other was forced to take it in her mouth. Her luscious lips with red lipstick on took the whole shaft in before he grabbed the back of her head and started fucking her throat. She was choking but wouldn’t give in and her face soon became messy and even more fuckable from all the spit and precum dripping all over. The other, tied up chick, obediently as her friend got tossed right next to her, on the bed, to have her tight asshole licked after giving a sloppy deepthroat. Short after receiving a wet licking, she was being impaled on his dick and drilled doggy while her friend held her ass spread and sucked his cock every time he’d pull out. From there on out, the girls experienced even rougher and more hardcore action, having their wet snatches drilled balls deep and their firm asses spanked and whipped. Both girls came squirting multiple times both on his shaft and while being fingered, and they kept playing with each other and riding him until he reached his limits and sprayed them all over with his sticky, white cum. I cannot get enough of these cinematic narratives. It’s fucking crazy. I’m really enjoying that these productions are bold enough to take their time and build tension. This is excellent. What a fantastic experience. I’m so glad that I subscribed to Deeper! 