Believe me, this is one of the best adult movies you have ever seen! I love that it’s not a porno it’s an actual film, based on a true story, so don’t forget to download all 3 parts! High quality writing, directing, and most of all acting. Great film, dramatic, touching and sexy. This film is a perfect example of the quality possible in adult content. This story is an emotional and uplifting look at an 18-year-old’s final year of high school as she comes to terms with herself and her homosexuality. This young lesbian babe got assaulted for being a lesbian by a bunch of kids from school as they threw her in a dumpster. She was suffering humiliation and bullying at school for her butch style and assumed lesbian status. This teenage girl had a poor body image, underscored by her using duct tape over her undershirt to clamp down her breasts as a daily routine. She couldn’t tell her dad and her mom anything and so it went unnoticed by everyone. Everyone but this one goth chick in school who knew exactly what was going on. She knew that the little babe was a lesbian and she wanted to help her become who she really is and that’s why she sent her a note over during class asking her whether she would like to be her partner for a project in school. The cute lesbian agreed and so when they were at her house the goth chicks started asking her questions about who beat her up and eventually she came to the realization as to what had happened. It was the first time they had actually hung out together. The girl had never really had any close girl friends. At least, none that she didn’t have a secret crush on. So, it felt strange to be sitting so close to someone like Nicole … who was pretty, outgoing, and popular at school. Soon, Nicole announced that she was tired and asked her if she wanted to take a nap together? This made a teenage lesbian even more nervous. The thought of being close to another girl in bed had her stomach in knots. Trying to play it cool, she got into her bed and laid silently. Then the girl noticed that her sexy classmate had begun touching herself under the sheets!!!   She couldn’t help slowly sliding her hand between her own legs and doing the same. The girls started masturbating beside each other under the sheets. To touch her pussy lying next to another girl was for her the highest sexual excitement. Here we are getting amazing close ups of her pussy. Then her friend took her hand and moved it to begin touching her as well! The girls didn’t say a word as they sensually began to explore each other’s pussies. After seducing her for a little while, the goth chick let her know that she wanted her to kiss her there!!! Teenage lesbian had never had sex with a girl before but she realized that she had to overcome her fear of herself and look her sexuality straight in the eyes. She slipped under the sheets, her classmate’s pussy was right in front of her face, she pulled her panties aside and put her mouth on that pussy! Her heart was pounding madly! Her classmate parted her legs a bit more and her lips touched her pussy lips, now swollen with lust and open for her. Her tongue slipped into the slit, and she began licking and kissing her pussy lips, her tongue working deeper inside. She kissed and licked and sucked at each part of her. Teenage lesbian licked her pussy faster and faster, making her friend cum in her mouth. Arching her back, her friend’s legs tighten around her head from the orgasm. She stopped licking and just motionlessly kept her mouth on her pussy, it was too sensitive. The teen girl was just beginning her journey of self-discovery. But she was about to find out that this journey would be anything but easy… This is ART and AMAZING! I thoroughly enjoyed watching all 3 parts.