These two dads are looking to take their single daughter’s on a trip to the countryside. They actually have a cabin near a forest and they would love their daughters to get in touch with nature. The problem is these girls are a couple of petite teeny boppers who cannot wait to get out of the house and meet some guys. But the old men will not let them hit up any rocking parties! The girls are distraught, so the guys take some time to draw up some conditions. They can go out and party if, and only if, they put out first. The dads realize that their daughters are two young teen girls and they think about boys and all what they need at their age are boys with hard cocks. But they are better than these young boys! The men invite their daughters over and tell them the deal. The 18 year old sluts seem overly excited to enjoy some quality time having sex with both of them. It’s an offer that they can’t refuse and so the four of them start having some amazing sex right there and right then. Of course, they don’t mix up the daughters because that would be incest, so they keep it to the other guy’s daughter and they keep on fucking like it’s their day job. One young naked girl chokes on her friend’s dad’s cock, taking him all the way down to the base of his dick while she gasps in delight. In the meantime, the other little slut gets her pussy pulverized and loves every stroke of his man meat. They start fucking their daughter’s steamy fuck holes deep and hard until they scream and shudder with a huge orgasm. Enjoy these two girls getting fucked side-by-side and kissing each other in the process. After the girls catch the breath, the old men attack their wet pussies with their mouths and tongues. The dads have them in missionary position too and they are giving it to the girls so good, they won’t be able to walk straight for weeks after getting their little pussies fucked raw by their boners. Then two naked girls start riding their dads together, impaling theirs cunts onto their big hard dicks. “Oh god yes!” the girls scream, throwing their head back, “Fuck me!” The vacation with dads to the countryside just became a hundred times better than it was supposed to be. And the best part is that their wives will never find out about this no matter what happens. You will absolutely love watching these four fuck hard. Then the naked girls swap some sticky sperm to top it all off. Now, this is where the party is at!   Daughter Swap is the home of naughty daughters that want a man just like their Daddy to fuck them hard with their big dicks after they suck it and swallow their creamy cum! That’s why these dads came up with the awesome idea of swapping their daughters with their best friends, so they know their beautiful little princesses are in the right hands and they get to bang their buddies’ smoking hot teen daughters at the same time! Talk about hitting two birds with the same stone! New hot daughters and sexy videos added all the time, so stay tuned