Sabina moved to town a couple of weeks ago with her family just after she turned 18. This adorable hottie had only started meeting people from her new school. As she chats with Avi, a shy local girl, they hit it off right away. They like the same books and Sabina is impressed that her new friend is into cosplay. She’s not the most popular girl in school and it might mess up Sabina’s reputation when school starts. But Sabina doesn’t care about this stuff. One day, the girls were hanging out in the local coffee shop when they met Jillian, Aria and Aidra, a clique of popular and bitchy girls. Sabina accidentally bumped into the most popular chick from that school. She was this dazzling, young redhead with a slim body and long legs who got infuriated because someone blocked her way. On a second look, however, she noticed that the newcomer was a foxy little tomboy who was a perfect combination of cute, nerdy, and petite, so the popular chick invited her over to hang out with her friends. Sabina was torn between hanging out with Avi and the popular girls. Ultimately, much to Avi’s disappointment, she chose the girls. Teenie went to their place where the girls gave her a makeover, turning her into a stunning beauty. That’s when the real fun was about to begin. The other three girls started playfully teasing each other and revealing their perky tits while slowly guiding the newcomer to the bed. Sabina was reluctant to join in, but, wanting to be popular, she ultimately agreed. Once there, the other two chicks who were these ravishing, dark-haired hotties, just as pretty as their leader, quickly stripped the 18 yo and started making out with her. The snotty, bratty, bossy girl watched passionate and sensual sloppy kissing threesome, with two of her friends fondling the tomboy, squeezing and caressing her tits. That got her turned on even more and she couldn’t stand just idly watching so she made them include her too.   That’s when the real fun started. All of the babes started slowly losing their sexy skirts and erotic lingerie while gently helping each other and eating each other out. Soon enough, all four of them were completely naked with their perky tits jiggling around and their soft, shaved pussy dripping all over the bed. First, the naked girls split into twos. The newcomer rode one hottie’s face, grinding her pulsating cunt and pink clit all over her slutty mouth and tongue, while the brunette leader took the other girl under her wing, spread her legs and slobbered all over her wet holes. Just moments later, all of the girls were moaning and screaming in pleasure, eagerly waiting to play with each other to the fullest. Our babe really got into the clit and pussy lip sucking. Four naked girls started switching and taking turns, licking and fingering each other out, riding each other’s faces, and trying out all kinds of different positions. They ended up scissoring in a hardcore lesbian foursome where every girl finished with a massive orgasm. Such experience won the newcomer over so she became the part of the group, bringing the other girls in. This is a great scene. 4 lady lesbian orgy. The tribbing is enthusiastic. Loved it. Great chemistry and fun story.