When you’re a hot girl in a college full of nerds, of course, everybody’s going to stare at your ass and tits. And this busty and curvy chick knows that perfectly. So, when she was in the library, she suddenly noticed two dudes whispering around and talking about her silently. They even looked at her, and she could see their phones flashing. So, basically, she caught them snaping some sneaky pics of her. And, while one of the nerds managed to run away, the other stayed. The sexy babe just took his phone and then did something utterly surprising. She simply pulled his hair and made him lay down on the floor. And then, she did the most shocking thing of this century. She hiked her dress up, sat down on his face and made him choke on her delicious and wet little pussy! And the dude correctly did it. He grabbed her thick ass cheeks with his hands and simply buried his nose right inside of that pussy. Obviously, the nerd had never seen a pussy before, and now the sexiest girl in college rode his face with her meaty cunt. A soaking fucking wet pussy that needs to be licked. She was almost bouncing on his face, riding his tongue with her pussy! Then the babe turned over into a 69 position, immediately took his cock out of his pants. It was fully erect! She held it firmly in her hand, giving him a surprisingly good blowjob, which made them both have sex. And they at first did it with her bending over a table and then taking that dick perfectly right up her tight pussy. Of course, it was fantastic! You could see her sexy bubble ass shaking while her cunt was getting pounded quickly and powerfully. This teen babe is amazing! So beautiful, her big tits moving with his thrusts. Her breasts bounced and rocked up and down as his motions increase. You can see her eyes rolling around, and you can hear her moaning softly like a real bitch that she is. And this dude just kept upping his game. His thrusts kept getting better and stronger. And pretty soon, this chick couldn’t stand properly anymore, so they moved to the floor to fuck for a bit. And that was utterly fantastic.   You can see this hot college chick getting fucked maniacally in various poses. You can see her riding that dick like a real slut, her gorgeous big all natural boobs bouncing up and down. And then, she just switches up and starts doing some reverse cowgirl on that dick! He grabbed her big ass with both hands, spanking and squeezing her buttocks. And she just kept switching between those poses, trying to get the dick to go even deeper and harder. His balls were slapping against her ass cheeks. Her thick thighs were shaking, and she had to lay on that table for a bit. That’s where the nerd started to fuck her in the missionary position, and she was entirely satisfied with that. You can see here how her boobies are bouncing up and down and how her smile doesn’t leave her face. In fact, she was so satisfied with the banging that she just kept moaning like a real bitch until she was ready to spray her liquids all over the poor dude. And yes, that is how she taught him not to harass women anymore sexually. If you’re a girl, you should try it out with those horny men around as well.