Jordi has a really sleazy roommate that’s not athletic, and he’s lame overall. But somehow, he managed to score a pretty hot chick with an ass that you can’t even imagine. After noticing that his roommate and his sexy girlfriend are constantly arguing about their tame sex life, Jordi realizes that if Abella catches a glimpse of his massive cock, she won’t be able to resist him. So, when a sexy babe left to take a shower, he cut a series of glory holes in a new polka dot shower curtain, and when a frustrated girl entered the shower, the sudden appearance of his big cock through multiple holes made her realize exactly what she had been missing! When the naked girl bent over to pick up the soap, the horny little dude shoved his cock into her ass! Her boyfriend had never even touched her between the cheeks of her ass. The feeling of her asshole being penetrated was amazing. Her boyfriend always refused to even try having anal sex with her and now she was finally enjoying a cock in her ass, pushing her ass onto his cock, making him penetrate her ass deeper. Fuck, she also gave him a fantastic glory-hole blowjob as well! Anyways, of course, she discovered who this dick really belongs to, but she didn’t seem to mind it. In fact, when she saw that it was finally a real man that was plowing her ass, she was all up for the action. Naked girl bent over in the bathroom, and she started to take that dick really hard and deep inside of her pussy and ass. And she loved the way it was pounding her slutty little holes from behind. She enjoyed it, and you could hear her moan and look at it with her cute little eyes. She just couldn’t wait to get some more and to finally see what it was like when a real man plays with her girly holes. So, naturally, once she was utterly dominated and under the influence of his masculinity, she even rode his dick anally with her delicious and precious asshole. She also did all the work for him! Sexy naked girl just jumped up and down on his dick, letting it slide deep inside of her asshole, making her feel pleased like never before.   He groaned at the feeling of her wildly convulsing asshole milking his cock and he pulled almost completely out then slammed into her. That pleased her so much! And you can see his massive penis perfectly filling her delicious little asshole. But that wasn’t the end of it. For the perfect pleasure combo, they had to change a few poses as well. She was riding him cowgirl style right on the floor in the middle of the bathroom. After bouncing up and down on his dick, they switched to a missionary position with vaginal sex again. So, this short and little dude pounded her cunt like never before, right up until she was ready to cum. All of a sudden, her cunt started to squirt. Her juices came flying out of her pussy! When her boyfreind had never brought her to an orgasm, his roommate made her squirt like a geyser! He grabbed those juicy ass cheeks and squeezed them like a maniac while he was pumping her pussy full of cum. And they both loved the way it felt. So, even though his roommate will probably be pissed at him when he smells a cock next time he goes down on his girl, who cares? They loved to fuck, and they should do it again. 