She might be curvy, but this ebony babe is working hard in the gym with a bit of help from her trainer. The thing is, she feels extra horny today, and as they are alone, she won’t miss the opportunity to do something about it. Voluptuous babe was always into him, and she saw him looking at her huge fat ass with a desire to fuck her. Now he will have his chance to prove he is worthy of her massive tits and giant ass! It’s not easy to handle her, but he is ready to do so, already eating her asshole before they go for a sixty-nine. As the ebony babe was giving him one of the best blowjobs of his life, he was eating her snatch and enjoying pussy juices. They both like raw, rough sex, so as he fucks her throat while she fights for her breath, they are both thrilled. They feel so comfortable with each other, and fucking in public places is what makes things even more interesting for both of them. They both feel guilty, but not because they are doing it, but because they didn’t start with it sooner! They a lot to make up for, and the real fun begins once this curvy babe sits on his white dick and rides him reverse cowgirl style. Watching her big fat ass bouncing only motivates him to impale her deeper while holding her hands behind the back. Jeeeeez thats a huge ass! That is her way to show him that he owns her and could whatever do he wanted. She is dominated once he nails her ebony pussy doggy style, as she was stretching her legs so that he could go balls deep inside of her. She is the kind of whore that is hard to satisfy, so she worships this cock the best way she can.   Her enormous tits are bouncing hard as her man is banging her cowgirl style as she is moaning and begging for more. She is quite picky when it comes to men, but her trainer is well-hung, and by now, she is in love. She could imagine herself being drilled this way every day. After all, that is a sort of practice as she is losing tons of calories in the process. Even though there are traces of pain on her face, she wouldn’t stop for anything. A bit of pain combined with pleasure is not a bad thing now that she is cumming harder than ever before. Her lover is banging her brutally before fingering her and making her squirt like crazy. By now, they are both sweaty and tired, but there are still things they want to try, like fucking in standing position. As this ebony queen feels he is about to cum, the curvy blonde drops down on her knees and starts sucking him until he cums inside her mouth. She swallows every drop before sucking him more until he is clean. Tired but happy, they both know this is the best training session they’ve ever had. I hope you like black women with big asses big tits and blonde hair.