Working as a salesman can be stressful. As I was preparing to sell it, things got a bit complicated. I’ve heard two girls fighting over one of the pieces, and it looked like they are out of control. The last thing I need is the scandal, so immediately came to them to see what is going on. The girls both wanted to prove the point, so one of them tried on a blue bikini top, while the other one did the same with panties. I couldn’t believe what was going on! The girls were flashing their tits and pussies, as I was afraid that someone could come in anytime. But they didn’t care about that. All they could think of is this stupid competition, and they got me involved in it! The cat-fight quickly turned into something hotter! What they decided is to give me a blowjob and the one doing it better will win the prize. I was in shock, but before I could even say anything, the one with bikini top was already pulling out my dick. The customer is always right, they say, so I needed to get things done. I was rock hard even before the brunettes grabbed my shaft, but now that both were playing with it, it became even larger. While one of them was sucking it, the other one was playing with my balls. Even though the girls have just met each other, it looked like they’ve been sucking dicks together for a while now. We were now having a threesome in my workplace, which is totally crazy. I stopped caring if anyone would see us, as there was no way back. All I cared about is to see the girls naked and start banging them. As one of them finally landed on my cock cowgirl style, the other one was playing with her tits, while waiting for her turn. I have no idea where did I found so much energy to satisfy both of them, but I guess it was the adrenaline doing its job. I couldn’t possibly fail them, as now I was banging this other brunette reverse cowgirl while grabbing her fat ass. I love every minute of it as I was drilling them balls deep. My favorite part came once the naked girls both were in the doggy style position so that my boner was getting inside both of them. While I was hammering one of my customers, I was slapping another one’s ass. Finally, when I couldn’t control myself any longer, I made the brunettes come closer and stick their tongues out, so I could shower them with my load. Now they’ve settled their differences as they are satisfied with my service. 