Glamorous blonde babe with a killer body and a pair of massive tits arrived for her massage. She was going to feel his strong hands all over her body, she was going to feel his hot throbbing cock in her mouth, to have sex with her masseuse and finally swallow his cum. Unfortunately she found out that this girl would be replacing her regular masseuse! This blonde bimbo was looking for more than just a typical massage and she was not sure about the female masseuse’s ability to truly take care of her. She stripped naked and lied down on the massage table but the masseuse accidentally spilled the whole bottle of oil on her. Wanting to take advantage of the situation, the naked blonde forced younger cutie to strip naked too and put her whole body into it to make up for the mistakes. Watching the young ebony strip naked and starting at her firm ass and perky tits got the blonde all turned on and horny. Things got even hotter when ebony climbed on top of her and started rubbing all over with her breasts. It didn’t take long for blonde to take over the initiate and force the black teenie to rub her pussy. These two naked girls quickly found themselves getting a very intense pussy-on-pussy massage! Naked black girl was bent over on all fours on her desk, while the blonde bimbo had her tongue buried deep between her slim legs, sloppily licking both of her tiny holes. The naked girls soon switch and now ebony was slobbering all over blonde’s clit. All that steamy oral foreplay was just a warmup as they later ended up sitting on the table and scissoring passionately into multiple orgasms. From there on out, they constantly kept taking turns licking each other all over, tonguefucking their tight, little holes and tribbing, all the while moaning and screaming in pleasure. Even after experiencing multiple, leg-shaking orgasms, the girls kept rubbing and fingering their pussies, licking each other’s cute assholes, only to go back to scissoring in more exotic and demanding positions. In the end, this blonde was dripping and satisfied. 