Scene opens on girlfriend and boyfriend starting to makeout. As they kiss, he squeezes her titties, his his hand moves between her legs, he starts to rub her teen pussy over her pants but she gently pulls his hand away and breaks the kiss. Her step-brother is home and he might hear them. Well, they’ll just have to be quiet then, he responds. She hesitates. Well, what better way to show some appreciation than to spread the babe’s legs and lick that cooch? That’s exactly what her boyfriend does as he takes off her panties and starts licking that lovely pussy until it is dripping wet. He makes sure to start out slow and then speeds up faster and faster. Then he slowly spreads her slit with his tongue and starts sucking on her clit. The teen girl is shivering with pleasure. Eventually, he is sticking his tongue deep inside her pussy and exploring the insides before writing out the alphabet on her clit. Teen babe has her first orgasm. After cunnilingus she is ready to take his cock in. Young naked girl spreads her ass cheeks wide and lowers herself gently onto his cock. She begins it nervously, since it is her first time being with him, but as she grows to enjoy it, her skittishness falls away. He grabs her hips, he squeezes her titties, her ass and pounds her hard and fast. He is telling her how much he loves her and announces that he’s going to cum any moment! His girlfriend tells him to pull out, but as he continues thrusting, he says he’s getting close. “I’m cuuuming!” he creampies her. Fucking her and shooting his cum into her tight pussy was just hotter than he could ever have dreamed. When he leaves the room, the girl is fascinated by the cum dripping from her pussy. When she tentatively tastes it, it’s as if she has an epiphany and is transfixed by the feeling and taste of cum. She exhales a huge breath, trying to get herself under control as she breathes rapidly, staring off into space, as if she is reborn. Weeks later, this babe sneaks into the house, late at night. No longer sweet and virginal, she is disheveled and seems like she’s been partying all night.   She goes into her bathroom and takes a shower. Naked girl dips her fingers in her pussy and licks what appears to be cum off them. As she showers, her stepbrother enters the bathroom and sees her playing with herself. His sister has changed drastically in the past few weeks, going from sweet-natured to a slut who has been sleeping with random men each night. “I think you’re jealous” his sister says, moving towards him. “You are jealous of all those guys that I fuck” she says, moving closer still to him. “You are jealous of all those guys…because you want to get a little taste for yourself… ” she adds tauntingly. N-no, of COURSE not! He denies her accusation. Hungry for more cum, the cum slut begins to aggressively seduce him. “You want to FUCK me? You want to…FILL ME UP? Cum in my pussy?” she says, pressing her gorgeous naked body against his. Hot…Sticky…CUM, she whispers fiercely, licking her lips hungrily. He can’t control his erection! His dick is hard as a rock! Well, GIVE it to her then…give her EVERY last drop!!! This teen slut is addicted to cum, and she’s going to feed that addiction…no matter what. He starts fucking his slutty step sister hard. He fucks her in every position that he can think of. First missionary, then doggy style, then reverse cowgirl. He eats her out and keeps fucking her in all possible positions before their parents come over and the bitch cums so many times it’s insane. She has orgasm after orgasm while her stepbrother is fucking her and she just can’t stop riding him. Finally, it is time for the cum slut enjoy another creampie.