Young babes have been friends for a while, both are gorgeous, but one is always flirting with guys, while the other one is so shy. For her, today is a special day because she plans to lose her virginity with her boyfriend. Her best friend feels that she needs to help her. She is having sex with boys and girls whenever she can. It all starts easy, as she kisses her shy friend. She slowly slides her wet tongue into her friend’s mouth, playing with her tongue and raising her hand to cup one of her breast. Then her hand slides down between her friend’s thighs. She has never been touched there before. It’s incredibly exciting for her to do this. Then her hand slides up, across her sensitive stomach, under her bra and she feels her hand fondling her breast. Her horny friend starts slowly removing her shirt, exposing the most beautiful breast you have ever seen! She begins to kiss her young big tits, dragging her tongue from one tit to the other, teasing her nipples with the tip of her tongue. Her friend begins to kiss her thighs, slowly spreading her legs and moving to her pussy! The virgin is very sensitive, and she gets very aroused. She looks amazing in her fishnet pantyhose with no panties. Her friend pulls off her pantyhose and spreads her creamy thighs apart unveiling her bare pussy. Now, right in front of her eyes, is a pussy more beautiful and sexy than any she has seen in lesbian porn movies. Her friend has really smooth, bald, flawless pussy. If you like clean smooth pussies you’ll love this! She slowly brings the tip of her tongue to her slit! The naked virgin moans at the feeling of her mouth gently kissing her pussy. Her friend’s tongue is moving in circles and the girl begins breathing heavier. Guys, this babe can teach you a thing or two on the art of pussy licking! Naked girl cries out at the feeling of her friend’s tongue moving around inside her pussy and even better is the sight of that pretty little face between her thighs. The sight of those eyes along with her cheeks glistening from her pussy juices causes her to start rocking her hips in anticipation of cumming in that beautiful face. Her friend takes her clit between her soft lips and begins sucking it. Her tongue is lapping away at her squirming clit and the girl starts moving her hips in slow circles, matching her motion. Now she feels liberated and ready to explore her new-found sexuality.   As young naked girl turns around, she displays her dripping wet pussy, and that tiny asshole that her lesbian friend starts to kiss and lick. She rubs her face right between her ass cheeks, getting her pussy all over her face. Then she stimulates her little clit with the tip of a sex toy while she keeps tonguing her slit. She can feel her legs shaking and her body trembling as the girl neares climax. Only because she is nice, it doesn’t mean she can’t be wild in the bedroom. There is undiscovered potential in her, and now it is perfect for her to show it. Young babe is clearly inexperienced, but the idea of licking a pussy excites her immensely. She is now focusing on pussy, as she tastes it for the first time. She gets on her knees between her friend’s legs plunging two fingers into her pussy, presses her lips to her clit and starts licking it with her tongue. She can feel her own pussy leaking as she eats her friend. Gorgeous young naked girls are filmed in the perfect light so that every inch of their beauty is exposed. The sexy babe sits on her face, grinding her pussy against her, smearing her pussy juices all over her face and cumming all over her face.