This brunette teen has no choice but to let a stranger show her a way out of her situation as her car breaks down. A somewhat rough looking man standing at her window offers her to push the car into his garage. Oh that’s ok, the teen girl says acting a bit wary of the suspicious stranger but smiling politely. He pushes the car into his garage, closes the door and hooks a light to the hood… ‘Do me a favor. Pass me a screwdriver. From that toolbox over there,’ he says, pointing to a toolbox on the floor. Sure, the teen girl bends over, opening the toolbox and rooting around in it. As she searches, the man is staring at her ass hungrily, licking his lips. She’s incredibly hot and beautiful and he just loves her smile and the only place where he would like to see her mouth right now is on his hard stiff cock. And seeing as how the babe really doesn’t have a choice when it comes to what she can do other than get his help, she reluctantly agrees to it. What’s stopping her from running out into the street and just yelling for someone to call the cops? People out here fuckin’ HATE cops, he says. He grins as he draws the girl to him, squeezing a handful of her massive tits. He pulls her bra down, exposing her beautiful breasts and starts sucking on them. This teen babe is just 18 year old but she has amazing big all natural tits. He is about to show this babe that he wasn’t kidding when he told her that he’s going to drill her because his cock is absolutely massive and her pussy is tighter than any single one he has ever been with. He pulls down her panties and points his cock between her ass cheeks. He rubs his cock all over her teen pussy, getting it wet with her pussy juices then shoves it inside of her, fucking her hard. His hips slap against her nice ass and he moans. “Fuck, baby, your pussy is so tight, it feels so good!” His hands come around to grab her fantastic breasts, squeezing them between his strong fingers. The teen has never been treated like this before, like a whore, she gets fucked by a stranger, sucks his cock and lets him do with her whatever he wants, even cum all over her face and in her mouth! 