It’s Black Friday and the girls are on a shopping spree with Daddy’s credit card! Their dads don’t ask them how much money they need, so it’s no wonder they think they could have everything. Their tight young bodies and beautiful faces always make the boys pay attention, but they are very picky. Today the girls are feeling special as they want to buy a SUV, and their salesman will do anything they want to sell it to them. It doesn’t take long before one of the blonde flashes her panties, which leaves a strong impression on him. Still, he is trying to stay professional, not knowing if this is some trick. When the girls ask him if they can test the car, he joins them for a ride that is about to become wild! Brunette is having one hand of the wheel while the other is on his crotch, while on the back seat, two blondes already started their lesbian session, kissing and groping each other. For a salesman, the situation is clear – if he wants to get things done, he will need to handle them all. Having sex with three barely legal babes sounds like a dream, but he will need lots of energy to do it, especially as they look like young nymphos that are hardly ever satisfied. Since it’s dangerous for her to give a handjob while driving, she found a place to stop as all of them are all over his dick. This is such a crazy experience for him, since they are still in public place, and anyone could see them doing it. But at the same time, that is what makes the sluts so excited. At this point, the girls can’t think about anything, as it’s all about balls deep standing fuck.   The teens know how to share, so all of them had his shaft inside of them. Blonde in short skirt is a squirter and is messing up the vehicle, but he won’t mind that. If he had to pick his favorite, it would be a hard decision. One of the blondes does have giant tits, so for a while, she is his personal favorite. He loves playing with these juggs as he nails her missionary style while other two naked girls are exploring their pussies while waiting for their turn. But brunette is not bad either, allowing him to be rough. She loves the pain, encouraging him not to give her mercy. While the day turns into night, they are still in the car, exploring their tight bodies and going for reverse cowgirl riding. Young salesman can be proud, as he is in top form. Being inside these hot young girls for so long is not something that many other men could do. That is what makes their session so unique, and it’s made even better once he showers them with his hot load, covering their pretty faces. As the girls lick it and kiss, the ending couldn’t get any better!