This stunning MILF is living her wildest dreams. As she divorced her husband, she discovered that she has a thing for a young man, especially those baby faced that look like they are still in high school. One of them is now living with her, as she is taking care of him for free. Still, there is one condition as he needs to fuck her whenever she feels like it. Today is another typical day as she is eyeing him while he is washing the dishes. As he is busy, she decides to undress in the bedroom, revealing her gorgeous body. She is proud of her massive tits, as they always bring in her in the center of attention, and as she is shoving a toy in her snatch, she moans like crazy. Of course, she is doing it on purpose, knowing that her young lover will get upstairs to check what was going on. It’s her fetish to be caught while masturbating, and it’s even better when he acts all surprised. Once she spots him, his shaft is already rock hard, but there is no need for a rush. MILF loves dick sucking, she just loves the feeling of his hard young cock in her mouth, the feeling of his hot cum splashing in her mouth as his body convulses with pleasure. It’s not only about a blowjob, as she practices her deepthroat skills. Being with this boy allowed her to learn so much, and now she is a porn star level when her mouth is stuffed with dick. What she loves is to dominate, and her teenage lover has nothing against that. He sees her as an opportunity to learn so much about fucking since girls of his age are clueless.   This MILF is confident and enthusiastic, and all his friends envy him. Still, it’s not easy satisfying her. He needs to be in top condition as she is very demanding. While still having his rod in her mouth, she watches him in the eyes, like saying that she needs him to be ready. Her first wish is for him to lick her clit and make it dripping wet so that his cock can easily slide inside of her. He loves the taste of her pussy juices before she forces him to fuck her reverse missionary style, so it looks like she is banging him. That is not far from the truth as she is in control once more, spreading his legs and fucking his cock with her cunt. It’s all about her pleasure and her needs, and he needs to accept it. In a way, that is incredibly hot, but it gets even better once the naked woman is on top of him, cowgirl style. Once he gets the permission, he goes inside of her balls deep while stretching her asshole. Changing the position, he is inside of her missionary style, watching her massive breasts while going hard inside of her. Once she gave him permission, he decides to cum in her making a beautiful creampie. As semen is dripping from her snatch, she knows there is so much more they should try.