Do you know what is sexy? It’s when you find a sexy teen girl that knows what she wants like I did today. She appeared in my backyard, and before I could say anything, she was already stripping while shaking her butt like crazy. This brunette looked barely legal to me as she showed me perfectly round ass those perky tits. I was watching her hanging by the pool, as she gave me the sign that soon I’ll be deep inside of her little pussy. I played by her roles as she went to the bathroom to take a bath, but once she was clean, she spread her legs and started to use a vibrator on her shaved snatch. She was so dripping wet that I knew she’d suck my dick soon. By this point, this teen babe was so desperate that I knew we’d have one crazy session. And guess what? When she heard me, the naked girl ran to me and grabbed my dick, stuffing her mouth with it. The girl looked so cute while doing it like we were doing some comedy porn or something. Her small mouth was barely wide for my shaft, as nothing is turning me on like fucking these young chicks. I knew that this one won’t ever say no, but I was still curious to find out how far she would go. I would rate her cock sucking abilities as excellent for more than one reason. First, she gave her best to deepthroat me, and she likes it rough, like really rough. This babe is not into romance, and I agree with her. I was telling her to take as much time as she wants, as I knew this was another chance for her to learn something. I’m sure she fucked a lot of guys already, but I doubt she was with an older guy before. I returned the favor by licking her sweet pussy and playing with her clit as it was dripping wet and ready to take my huge cock. The first position was her choice as the sexy naked girl was on top of me, riding me reverse cowgirl style. That is a strong start as I could feel that my shaft was almost entirely inside of her.   I slid my cock in and out of her smooth pussy faster and faster and she rocked her hips, wetting my cock with her juices in orgasm. As she was in a cowgirl position, I enjoyed watching her perky tits bouncing while she was watching me with that lusty look while rubbing her clit. I could imagine her being gangbanged by a bunch of men, and she would still ask for more! When I penetrated her missionary, she was shaking, talking dirty, and had that painful look on her face. Her legs were locked around mine, her hips were moving, taking me deep with each thrust. Still, I showed no mercy as whatever I’ve done to her; she handled it well. It’s extraordinary to see such a tiny chick on my huge cock, but that is what makes things o exciting. When I destroyed her snatch doggy style, I played with her ass, watching that small butthole that might be on the line the next time. We’ve become a couple of animals, locked together, both having intense orgasms, grunting and moaning, eyes rolled back in our heads, thrashing around. I was moving my cock in and out of her teen pussy, spurt after spurt of cum was erupting from my cock. She grabbed my butt and hold me deep inside her, making me spurt cum deeper into her body, pulse after pulse. With each shot, her warm vagina contracted around my cock, milking the cum from it. I was satisfied to come inside her, making a beautiful creampie ending.