The school bus driver was driving these young and beautiful 18-year-old schoolgirls home from class, as he did every week day. When the girls chatted about their weekend plans, their homework, and the latest class gossip the pervy school bus driver was fascinated with these little sluts, eager to force them into all kinds of naughty and kinky stuff. He knew that none of these teenage girls would fall for him or agree to that but, as it turns out, he had a virtual game that he was modded to come true his perverted sexual fantasies. That’s why they discontinued it last year. Way too easy to create your own digital slaves, putting every girl you want into the virtual reality machine. The bus driver cleverly used his position to collect their DNA while working, before finally going home to test his machine. His first trial was a success. He inserted their DNA into the device and put his headset on. When the program loaded, he found himself in a bright, white room with other schoolgirl hotties in their uniforms. One of the classmates told her they were waiting for the General. The adorable and sensual blonde was who he was after at this moment. He made sure to erase her existing personality beforehand so she was eager and willing to obey his every command. On request, the girl confirmed she was here to fuck him and gladly dropped down on her knees. He commanded the other three to stand there and watch as their slutty friend lowered his pants and pulled his already rock hard boner out. The schoolgirl started vigorously slobbering all over it, letting him grab her head and fuck her throat, choking her with his massive shaft. After such a sloppy blowjob, the young girl was ordered to hike up her skirt, pull down her panties and be ready to get fucked like a whore. He pushed his hard cock at her virgin pussy. Her young pussy pulsed and then relaxed enough for the head to pop in. Tentatively she pushed back toward him and more of his cock slid into her warm wet vagina. He hammered her balls deep and hardcore while other girls held her and watched, obediently wating for their turn to be fucked. When he finished drilling the blonde, he filled her with jizz and left the virtual reality. The girl was exhausted, and her eyeliner was running down her face. She lowered her hand and collected some of his cum on her fingers. She asked the other girls where she could clean up. The girls told her not to worry, she would be fully clean the next time he logs in! ‘Logs in?’ she asked, confused. Outside the game the pervert taking the VR set off his eyes. The next day he was driving the bus, as the students chatted loudly in the back with no knowledge of what had happened in his private virtual game.   A new girl, another victim, was in the front. The innocent girl was very quiet, a stark contrast from the other girls. He watched her through his rear-view mirror in fascination! The bus driver plucked a hair from her head, pretending to flick something off, another DNA for his sex game. However, this time he forgot to erase her memories so, when she found the other girls inside the white room, she explained to them how they are all in the video game and devised the plan for all of them to get out. He came almost every day to fuck them. One girl per day. That was the rule. The girls could break this game if they just worked together. When the bus driver appeared and commanded the new babe to start sucking his rod, she quickly dropped down and started gagging on it. The moment he got carried away watching her jerk him off with both hands and licking the tip, other schoolgirls jumped in and restrained him against his will. Now he was the one being forced to fuck all of them. Pretending to be hungry for his cock, all of the girls started taking turns blowing him so he constantly had one chick on his shaft and the other one licking his balls. That was just the beginning as the girls soon all ended up naked, with him pounding them over a chair, ramming their dripping wet, pulsating pussies doggy style. They had found a way out and it was through cumming. The teen girls let him ravage them as hard as possible, making them experience earth-shattering orgasms and leave the simulation one at the time. Don’t forget to download the full movie. This is a revolutionary step towards a new direction in adult entertainment. I’m excited to see everything Adult Time has in store for us!