The best thing that happened to me recently is when I met this incredible hot babe. The moment I met her, I knew she was all about sex, as she stripped in seconds to reveal her pierced nipples and that fine shaved pussy and her cute little ass. I knew this babe needs a lot to be satisfied, but I was up for the challenge. She spread her legs on the kitchen counter and inserted her vibrator in her snatch. I could see on her face that she was enjoying it so much, and that was the best possible start. I controlled the vibrator, and in seconds she was dripping wet. Soon after she was on her knees and pulling my dick out of pants. As she was sucking it roughly, she was watching me in the eyes, knowing that I love it. She is a confident slut. I guess she sucked so many dicks that she knows every trick in the book, even though she is still so young. I wanted to get my tongue in her cunt, I wanted to make her cum. “OHGOD…YES…cumming…” she purred as she shot her cream out all over my tongue as I held it inside of her and lapped away at her it as she squeezed her legs around my head and rode out her orgasm. It’s hard to believe that such cute babe is a nympho that is all about hard banging all day long. As she is riding me reverse cowgirl style, she can’t stop moaning while rubbing her clit. I showed no mercy, penetrating her balls deep, but as you can imagine, that wasn’t a problem for her. Her eyes rolling back in her head as I kept to hammer into her, feeling her cumming all over my dick in response. “Gonna cum in you…to late to pull out…” I warned her as I started to pick up the pace of my movements inside of her, fully expecting her to not give me the honor of spewing my load inside of her. I gave her a few more thrusts and shot my load deep into her vagina, unable to hold out anymore as my seed started to flood into her womb. “OHGOD…YES…fucking cum inside me…” she hissed when she felt my seed shooting into her pussy, pushing her hips into mine as I finished cumming in her. I ccould’t wait to stick it in her cum dripping pussy again. While I was hammering her doggy style, I needed to cum all over her pretty face, so I told her to stick her tongue out and receive my warm load for the perfect ending. 