One day, a mother catches her teenage son fucking the broom handle. Since it wasn’t the first time something like this occurred, she decided to get specialized help from Dr. Nicolette, who specializes in dealing with peculiar sexual behavior. The problem is this blonde babe looks more like a porn star than a doctor. She dresses very sexy and has enormous plastic boobs, which just can not fit into her blouse. When a virgin boy saw her, he immediately started rubbing her leg off his dick. The doctor realized she was dealing with an extreme case. She asked his mother to leave them alone so she can apply unique methods on her son, and after the mom went, she ordered the young fellow to take his clothes off. He did as she asked him to, and the doctor was surprised when she saw how incredibly big dick he had. She grabbed his balls and guided his cock to her mouth! The virgin boy couldn’t believe what was going on. She started sucking it straight away like a real whore that she is. By the way she was doing it, you can tell how horny she was. He smiled a satisfied smile. Then the gorgeous woman stuck his head into her boobs and made him fuck her tits, telling him how a good boy he is. That turned the horny teenager on even more. Of course, this was all just a foreplay before the real action started. Naked woman left stockings only, she got on all fours, spread her ass cheeks wide open and ordered him to stick his penis in her.   He pushed all the way, enjoying the feeling of his first pussy and the swollen lips wrapped around his shaft. It felt warm and velvety inside and he kept sliding in until his balls rested against her ass. She was screaming like a real slut and enjoying every single time when his balls punched her butt. “I am such a whore,” sho was mumbling while the dick in her pussy made her wetter every passing second. “You wanna be a whore? I’ll treat you like a whore”, the boy said and grabbed her blond hair. He made her take off her stockings and then stuffed them into her fucking mouth. “Bend over, bitch,” he told her. He started fucking her from behind again and spanking her big ass, making it so fucking red. “Take it, bitch,” he started yelling stronger and stronger. Then the naked blonde spread her legs as wide as she could, his cock sunk deep into her pussy. The boy was really proud to fuck such a gorgeous naked woman lying in front of him. After he fucked her good, he took his dick out and put it in her mouth again, sticking it all the way in. That turned on the boy too much, and he couldn’t resist more without coming. His mom came back just in time to see him cumming on the doctor’s face and all over her amazing tits! “Your special methods really work. It looks like I’m not in a mood for sex anymore, or at least for another half an hour”, he told her and left, leaving her with cum on her face, lying on the floor like a worthless, stupid whore.