Her parents went out one day, and she had a house whole for herself. She decided to invite her boyfriend over to play video games. Since they are both teenagers and rarely can find a place where they can be alone, her boyfriend couldn’t miss such an opportunity. While the sexy teen was playing video games, he slowly pulled her pants down and started touching her perfectly rounded ass and her lovely pussy. He run his fingers the length of her slit until he couldn’t take it anymore. He took his cock out and started rubbing her wet slit with the head of his cock, then just pushed forward slowly sliding it into her soaked pussy. He knew his girlfriend is a slut who adores fucking. The funny thing is that the girl continued playing the video game until eventually she couldn’t longer focus on it, as the feeling of dick coming into her pussy turned her thoughts in a completely other direction. He came very fast, her pussy was so tight, she could feel his hot spunk filling her pussy fully as it spurted blast after blast of cum inside of her. He stopped moving and held himself completely still, orgasmed. She loves that filling of his cock convulsing powerfully inside her body, over and over, as he gushes hot sperm deep inside her. He pulled out and the cum from her pussy drained over her thighs all the way to leather couch on which she was lying. She didn’t even move and continued playing video games, while her boyfriend was watching her. She took some cum from her pussy and put it in her mouth to swallow it. After a few minutes, he got hard again, but this time he gave his dick to her so she can suck it. The hot teen babe sucked it like all those sluts in porn movies.   She was smiling because she saw that her boyfriend couldn’t even imagine that she is such a dirty sluty bitch. She made him cum again, but this time on her beautiful face. With cum all over her face and cum leaking out of her pyssy, his girlfriend continued playing video games. When she finally finished with her video games, she took all of her clothes off, and then he grabbed her and carried her to her parents’ bedroom, which is where the real action happened. He lay down on his back, and his young girlfriend impaled herself onto his hard cock. She was slippery with cum and was jumping on his cock, with her big tits bouncing up and down. Just take a look at these young, succulent titties! Naked girl put her hands on his chest and kept moving her pussy up and down on his dick. Just imagine this beauty riding your cock, grinding her young cunt on you, milking your cock, stimulating it into a huge ejaculation into her perfect body. She is one of those teen girls who insanely enjoy sex, and the dirtier they get, the better they feel. Three times for one day was enough for these teens, they came back to play video games again. His sperm kept leaking out of her wet hole all day long.