My girlfriend is a slut. Please don’t take me wrong; I’m not complaining. As a matter of fact, her being a slut is what I like about her the most. She is blonde, with a hot body, small tits, cute ass, and incredibly sexy feet. Like most of the teenage whores, she has a few tattoos on her body, including the cherries tattoo on her ass and a butterfly tattoo on her back. She is always in a good mood and never says no when I want to fuck her. She particularly loves when I walk into the bathroom while she’s taking a shower. One time, I did so, and it was the day when I bought her a remote vibrator. It is something that she sticks into her cunt while I can set its vibration with remote control. She’s a crazy bitch and likes to try all kinds of kinky sex toys. Suddenly her body began to orgasm coming almost as a surprise. The remote vibrator in her pussy was making that orgasm impossible to resist. Her legs locked up, and she fell against the wall gasping in ecstasy. We continued in the bedroom. I didn’t need to be asked as I buried my head between her legs and took her wet pussy to my mouth. I started running my tongue over her clit. She gasped in pleasure as my tongue met her clit. My dick was hard as a rock. Her mouth spontaneously got all over it very soon. She was sucking it greedily right like a slut while I was spanking her cute little ass and calling her a dirty, fucking slut. She loves when I call her like that, and even more important, she loves behaving like that. When her cute little ass got to red from spanking, I took my dick out of her throat and stuck it in her cunt from the back.   When I got tired of pounding her like that, I lay down on my back and let her be worthy. She sat on my dick in a reversed cowgirl and jumped on it like a nympho cock-addicted whore. She screamed out as her body started to spasm over and over uncontrollable wave after wave of shacking, her orgasm was so powerful her whole body was shaking. I felt her pussy muscles tighten and spasm. But she screamed out she was going to cum again. I know that she can do that all day since she is never tired of fucking. However, I felt that I was about to cum, so I threw her on the bed and fucked her in a missionary position for a while too. Finally, when I couldn’t hold back anymore, she squeezed me with her legs, not letting me have a chance to pull out of her cunt. I felt her pussy milking all of the cum out of me. I’ve never felt a woman do that. It was like she had locked my dick in her and I wasn’t getting out until she let go. I grabbed her hair, sending my semen straight into her stomach. There was so fucking much cum. I sat on the chair while she kept shaking naked on the floor, with cum all over her.