A young, sexy Asian girl came to do a pedicure. She has a hot, slim body, with a colorful tattoo on her back, perfect little ass and adorable, sexy feet, which look even sexier with red color on her toes. However, a good pedicure was not the only thing she got that day. On her big surprise, the person who was giving a pedicure is a big-titted, nasty lesbian MILF. The girls attracted each other from the moment they saw each other. As an older and more experienced in this field, the pedicure lady spontaneously started sucking toes to the girl. Her hands moved higher and higher up the teen girl’s slim legs, her hard nipples piercing through her camisole. They both liked it very much but they were interrupted by her boyfriend. There’s nothing spa employee hates more than overbearing boyfriends! The girl shooed him away and the pedicure lady continued showing her what she was missing out on by not being with a hot, experienced woman. She took off her panties and started to eat her wet pussy. The girls were both naked, and they got hornier with every passing second. They started licking each other’s pussy in so many different poses, but always on, near or beneath the pedicure chair. Asian girl’s pussy is fully shaved and so sexy, while the MILF left a little hair above hers, cause that is how she likes it. The naked woman was the dominant one, while the teen girl just kept screaming and saying what an ecstasy she’s going through. The MILF grabbed the teen’s head and started rubbing her cunt up and down her face as her tongue was now licking and fucking her expertly. At some point, she was so turned on by MILF’s pussy licking that she started slapping her on her fat, naked ass. The lesbian sucked her pretty toes whenever she was able to reach them with her mouth. The young naked girl laid on her back on the floor, lifted her ass in the air and spread her legs. The mature lesbian got between her legs and scissored her. They both stimulated their clits like that. Who needs a boyfriend anyway when you could book a spa appointment like this? These two sluts found each other like a perfect lesbian match.  