I’ve seen a lot of content  over the past few years, but I never really seen a porn studio that creates art. This is the most beautiful, natural, genuine, sensual yet erotic lesbian sequence I have ever seen in a film anywhere! You must remember the first episode of this film, here is the part 2. Our “teenage lesbian” who seems to be the outcast at the high school keeps questioning her sexuality. She is so anxious to try something with a girl for the first time. It turns out that all she needed was a little bit of pussy to try out for the first time and she is already hooked on it. In this episode, we see a couple of different lesbian sex scenes and they all start with a little bit of nervous tension and uncertainty, but after the girls get into it they really let loose. She and her friend are hanging out outside the school as someone passes out flyers about a rave that weekend. He tells her that they should go. The rave is dark, smokey, and full of people dancing. As she dances, a girl approaches and begins to flirt with her, then suggests that they go somewhere to be alone! Inside a back room, the girl starts to kiss her. She kisses back. It’s her first real kiss. The girls kiss with increasing passion as their hands explore their bodies. The college lesbian takes the girl’s shirt off, pulling her pants down and eating her out. To her, eating a pussy is a delight for all her senses – sight, smell, taste, but the best part is when a girl cums. Just then, an older girl comes wandering into the room. The other girl, embarrassed, pulls away from her, hastily putting her clothes back on as she leaves the room in a huff. Our girl is surprised when a sexy blonde babe mentions that she’s a lesbian. Her new friend knows what it’s like to feel lost and lonely, and she’s going to show her that she’s not as alone as she thinks she is. Moreover, the blonde babe is going to teach her some techniques how to meet girls, how to flirt, and even how to make love with a girl. The blonde teaches how to kiss with tongue, then she lies on her back and invites her to start with her nipples. Slowly, uncertainly, she starts to kiss her belly and working her way up to her small tits. She has never touched another girl’s tits, but now she begins to fondle her new friend, sucking and biting her beautiful breasts, slowly tracing her tongue around her nipples. The blonde takes off her panties, opens her legs and guides our teenage lesbian’s hand to her pussy! She shows her where her clit is, shows her how it is sensitive, shows her how each motion against her labia transmits this motion to her hard nub.   More experienced girl is teaching/seducing her – from kissing, tongue kissing, licking her body, spending minutes on her tits and nipples, through to ‘this is your clit’. Our girl finds herself eagerly licking her pussy up and down, side to side, feeling her pussy lips on her tongue. Her friend grabs her head to press her face onto her mound as her orgasm arrives. “I’m cumming now”, the hot blonde moans as her orgasm floods her lapping tongue with her nectar. I have to say that the scene between these two young naked girls is probably the most intimate and sensual lesbian scene that I have ever watched. Two of the most beautiful girls really lit up the scene, great acting and a marvelous session of how to please each woman. These girls really don’t have a problem with lesbian sex once they start making out. The passion just drives over them like a truck and they end up unable to control their sexual urges. They just have to get on with it and in the end, what you end up seeing is some of the hottest babes giving each other orally and scissoring each other like it was the only thing they’ve been doing since they finished puberty. More experienced girl even gives her a couple of shaking orgasms! She was really nervous in the beginning, but now she is confident in her sexuality. Truly an impressive piece of film making!