Breathtaking young naked girl with a pair of the most magnificent, large breasts woke up at her new date’s house and found a note where he explained he had to run, leaving her alone in the house with everything she needed. The babe didn’t mind and started strolling around the house, listening to music and dancing wearing nothing but her skimpy robe and sexy panties. At one point, her date’s roommate stumbled upon her and started questioning why she was there. Instead of explaining herself, the curvaceous cutie decided to take on a different approach. She disrobed herself and went down on her knees in front of him, pulling his massive, hard dick out. She always wanted to try a black cock! Just moments later she was going rough slobbering all over his enormous black meat, trying to swallow as much of it as possible, choking on its length. She began kissing and tonguing his large black balls as she stroked him. It didn’t take long for his cock to end up all slippery and for her mouth and face to become all messy from precum and saliva mixing and spilling all over. Giving such an incredible blowjob made her extremely horny and she was soon hungry for more. The naked babe climbed the kitchen counter, lied down and spread her legs just as he forced himself balls deep inside her dripping snatch. He went on railing her vigorously right off the bat, hammering her soft pussy and instantly making her scream. At one point, he even picked her up and went on to hammer her standing, before she went on to take him in her mouth again. From there on out, they just went harder and harder at each other, eager to try out every position possible. Naked babe got on all fours, those big tits hanging down, teasing him with her big bubble ass. He fucked her pussy doggystyle on the floor. The girl moaned at the sensation of his huge cock going so deep into her body. She rode him and bent over for him in all kinds of ways, cumming multiple times before he plastered her with fat loads of thick, white jizz. This busty beauty’s face looks great covered in his cum. 