The girls from school decided that they want to form a rock band, so one day they organized a music competition on which should be decided who is the best rock band at school. A few groups of girls chose to participate, and finally, it all came to two best ones. Since they couldn’t agree who is better among them, the leaders of two bands decided to solve it in an old fashion way – buy getting naked and demonstrating who fucks better. After all, as one of them said, that is how women handle things. Forget about ROCKING the hardest…the fight’s on to see who FUCKS the hardest! Four of the girls were naked or with very little clothes on themselves at the stage, and the only sound that could be heard was their screaming and sighing. It was actually the best sound they ever made on that stage. While they were licking each other’s pussies and slapping their cute, naked asses, at one point, one of them took the mike and put it in front of the other girl’s mouth, while she was screaming as another girl stuck her tongue into her pussy. “Here baby, show us what a good singer you are,” the girl said, which made them all laugh. The naked girls were having so much fun, and they all had multiple orgasms. The lesbians were actually squirting, something they had only heard porn stars could do, the girls were actually squirting cum out from their pussies into each other’s open mouth and theis mouths eagerly accepted every drop. The girls started scissoring hard, grinding their cunts on each other, moaning loud and orgasmed all together. The lesbians just couldn’t stop licking, sucking and tongue fucking their pussies until they scream in orgasmic pleasure. When they were done, they kept lying naked on the stage floor. “Fuck rock band, this is what I really want to do in life,” one of them said. They all laughed again. “Hey yeah, fuck music. Let’s go shoot some porn and be pornstars,” another girl replied. They all laughed again, but soon, they all realized that actually, it’s not such a bad idea. A few weeks later, they shot their first film, and they are globally known porn sensations ever since. 