It’s initiation week at RKU and a new pledge is ready to do what it takes to impress her sorority sisters. Her mission: break into fraternity brother’s bedroom for a noisy wakeup call they will never forget. A college slut broke into the room through a window, waking up a dude with a loud whistle and confetti-cannon and acting like a dirty fucking bitch. She is one of those girls for whom you can tell she is a slut as soon as you look at her. Cute, pretty face, sexy ass, tattoos all over her body and she dresses in a gangsta hip hop style. She couldn’t help but notice his morning wood aching for her attention. Since everyone at college knows what kind of sluts the girls from her sorority are, he didn’t wait much and let her take a look at his cock. A few seconds later, the bitch was on her knees, and his big cock was deep into her slutty throat. She spat on it like a real fucking whore, cause she likes being dirty and naughty. His cock was so hard, and he was ready to fuck her. At first, he put her in a missionary position and spread her legs widely. He fucked her so hard, and the bitch screamed so loudly that probably half of University could hear her. When he fucked her enough in that pose, he then lay down on his back and let her ride the dick like a reversed cowgirl. The slut fucked in this pose many times so far, and she knows perfectly well how to ride the dick for a long time without making him cum. As she stuffed herself to the cock, her big tits were bouncing up and down, which turned her on even more. During that time, the guy was slapping her butt to make her feel like a real fucking slut. Naked college girl kept screaming and screaming, but those were screams of nothing but an absolute joy.   After he was finished with fucking her like that, the guy put her in a doggy style position and banged her from behind. Her big ass cheeks jiggled with each his thrust deep into her cunt. She adored feeling his balls pounding on her ass each time when he stuck a cock into her cunt. She quickly got on her back with her legs spread wide, her clit swollen with desire. He slammed his pulsating cock into her pussy and kept fucking her. “You are such a nasty fucking slut,” he was telling her. “Yes, I like being a dirty fucking whore,” she yelled and enjoyed him calling her like that. When he nad enough, he grabbed her hair and made her kneel in front of his cock again. He stuck it down her throat a few more times, and then came in her filthy mouth. She swallowed some, and the rest she spat all over her tits. At that moment, the guy’s cell phone rang. It was his mate. He invited him and a few more lads to come to his room and said that there is a surprise waiting for them. The bitch was so happy to hear that. She didn’t even wipe off the cum of herself. She was still hungry for cocks.