While I was on vacation, I met this tiny and petite chick. She had blonde hair, combined with a little ass and a set of small boobs. All in all, for a dude that loves petite ladies, she was perfect. So, I invited her back to my room to have some fun. She gladly accepted, and that was it. The action could start. The only difference is that she had no idea what a sex god I am. So, I started our lovely ‘date’ with some mesmerizing dildo action, and I could already see that her knees were weak. What confirmed my ‘suspicions’ was when she started to squirt all over my floor. And all while she was still standing, with me holding a vibrator close to her cunt. Then, she gave me some fantastic suction. The girl had to stretch her lips to their limits I was so thick for her. I pulled the back of her head tightly into my crotch as I experienced this wonderful sensation. She swallowed almost all of my cock, and then I knew that her little pussy was ready for fucking. Naked girl slowly lowered herself onto my dick. Her wet pussy lips were kissing the length of my throbbing shaft. Then she impaled her little cunt onto my dick, she gasped at the penetration and kept lowering herself. She began riding me and moaning. “your cock feels so fucking good in my pussy! Fill me up! FUCK ME!” She quickened her pace and very quickly her tight pussy was milking the cum from my body! She slammed herself down tight against me, feeling me push the thick load of potent sperm deeper into her young pussy! I guess I’m not as durable as I think, because halfway through it, I came inside of her, and it looked like she was done. But much to my surprise, she was just getting started. Imagine what happened later! Some more riding, then reverse cowgirl, then missionary, then doggy style. And then, I even carrier her while I fucked her. So, all in all, fucking her was fantastic. We changed so many poses, and a little slut was so hungry for my cock. In fact, you could see how happy she was as she continued to squirt throughout our little session while I was banging her. At the end she made me drain my balls all over her pretty face like I never did! 