Sex is probably the greatest pleasure that a person can feel. However, sex can also be a vice that leads to serious troubles, so big that they can change your life forever. This is a story about a high-school gym teacher – the one that all the school girls have a crush on. He had a perfect life, until one day he did the only thing a teacher must never do – he fucked one of his students. As a matter of fact, he fucked two of them, but let us go slowly with the story. At first, the teacher involved in a sex affair with a sexy teenage girl who recently turned 18. She was one of the hottest and most popular girls at school. She was rich, good looking and had every condition to grow into a successful and achieved woman one day, except for one problem. She didn’t want to be successful; she wanted to be a slut. She wanted her gym teacher to fuck her in the changing room and gag her on his hard cock, cum in her mouth every time. For the past few months, he had been having an affair with her but knew that inevitably they would need to break up one day before he got caught. One day, after practice, the gym teacher and his teenage lover sneaked off and had sex in the locker room. The teen girl couldn’t wait to have his cock in her mouth again. After enjoying her mouth on his cock, he hiked her school skirt up and slid his big cock up into her wet aching pussy. A sweet, tight, young pussy was enough to drive any man to the brink of insanity. A little slut made her gym teacher fuck her harder and harder untill he came in her mouth. Unfortunately that day, her friend caught them having sex in the changing room and recorded it on her cell, which she later showed to her stepbrother. By the way, her stepbrother is a dick, and he fucks her occasionally, and when he saw what her classmate is doing, he ordered his step-sister to tell her that she needs to do anything they want from her. Otherwise, they’ll upload this video on the internet. They both turned on by the idea of making easy money and he fucked her right there on the couch, cumming all over his cum slut sister at the end. The girl went to her school friend and showed the video to her, asking 10,000 dollars as a reward for her silence. However, she refused to pay and hit her friend with an ashtray, which passed her out. She knew her teacher was with his wife but she called him at home anyway.   Meanwhile was having sex with his wife when the phone rang. It was his teenage lover having a complete freak out. In a desperate attempt to calm her down and not raise suspicions, he told her to put the girl in her car and meet him at his family’s cottage. When the other girl woke up, realizing what had happened to her, she decided to confront the teacher. A slut used the victim card and ended up persuading him into fucking her too … which he did. While they were doing it, his teenage girlfriend came into the room, saw them, and joined them. It was a nasty threesome in which both girls enjoyed their gym teacher’s cock together. However, when they finished with it, while they were still naked, his wife came in and made a horrible scene. The girls ran, and one of them shot the teacher’s wife with a gun. The other girl then complained to her stepbrother that their teacher violated both of them and accused him of the murder. Her-stepbrother got mad, so he and his friend, together with the girls, tied the teacher up, but not so that they can beat him. They did it so that they can force him to watch a foursome in which those two guys fuck the girls like two dirty, filthy sluts. Honestly could see this in a movie theater. I am VERY impressed by this series, I love Porn with stories. This is a new approach, this is a feature film that just happens to have explicit sex in it. Make sure you don’t forget to koin up and download all the episodes!