This blonde is a liberal girlfriend, so for his birthday, she surprised her boyfriend by taking him to a strip club. What she did was to hire a stripper to dance for him. Dude looked over at his girlfriend and she just laughed and said, “Go ahead, it’ll be fun.” He couldn’t believe there was a sexy naked woman on his lap with his girlfriend watching. His cock was painfully stiff and only became stiffer as the blonde stipper leaned over and asked if his dick liked her grinding her pussy on it? The dancer’s tits bounced as she moved and it was real torment not to keep from touching them. Sexy babe again leaned over and asked if she could make him cum. When his girlfriend went for a drink, this stunning blonde in red lingerie didn’t waste any time so she got on her knees and started sucking his shaft like crazy. But that was only the beginning, as she was fascinated by his massive boner. She had so many dicks inside her mouth, but this one is not only long but also so fat that she can barely take it. It’s a challenge for her to deepthroat it, but she won’t give up so easily. Only occasionally, she makes a break to lick his balls before continuing her blowjob and handjob action. Luckily, her customer knows how to return the favor by licking her pussy before wildly going inside of her. Blonde’s massive fake tits are bouncing as he impales her missionary style, and judging by her smile, he is excellent at it. Taking the initiative, she decides to ride him cowgirl style, as they don’t even care anymore what would his girlfriend thinks about it. It’s his birthday, and since this is a gift, he needs to enjoy it. Blonde loves his dick so much that she decides to open up her asshole for him. At first, he is going gently inside of her before speeding things up, since she could handle it. This incredible woman is doing it much better than his girlfriend, who is always moaning about him going too rough inside of her. This blonde is the type of whore he needed in his life, and that is all he can think about while penetrating her ass doggy style. He really wants to see her squat down on his big dick doing reverse cowgirl with her sexy athletic legs. She keeps satisfying his cock with her mouth and vagina before making him cover her tits with fountains of cum. 