The sweet and adorable brunette went to confess to her priest before marriage. She cheated on her boyfriend with his best friend and wanted to be absolved of her sins before marrying him. The priest saw the opportunity and explained how he would be able to help if he received something in return. Obedient bride-to-be accepted and, just moments later, he was fondling her large, round breasts and removing her bra. Father insisted that the only way he would help her make things right was if she gave herself to him. She was desperate for the church’s blessing on her marriage and afraid of being banned from congregation. She was willing to suffer the degradation of every perverted sexual demand to keep her marriage acceptable in the eyes of God and the church. A pervy priest grabbed her head and forced his huge, throbbing boner down her lusty throat. The girl had no choice but to choke on a fat shaft, slobbering all over it and trying her best to swallow as much of its length as possible. Her mouth was soon dripping with all the precum and spit. This is a hot humiliation and power-exchange scene showcasing explicit and sensual fucking. Having satisfied him in such an erotic way, the girl had to bend over presenting him with her massive, round ass. It’s his slow paced enjoyment of the woman’s helplessness and sensuous body that I can’t get enough of. Gently, Father stripped her thin panties and placed the tip of his schlong at the entrance to her pussy. He forced himself in, slowly and steadily and, the moment he was all the way in, he started hammering her in rhythm. He enjoyed watching her beautiful, curvy ass bouncing back and forth as she took the initiative over and started impaling herself on his rod. Before switching positions, she went back to slobber on his dick once again, this time tasting her pussy juices all over the veiny shaft. Afterward, she mounted him in cowgirl position and continued impaling herself, riding him relentlessly. Her fat tits and thick curves were jiggling left and right as she kept going faster and harder. They kept going back and forth, changing positions and taking over control from one another. The brunette came multiple times, enjoying hardcore ramming until she made him reach his edge too, plastering her with his load. This Father should be a continuing theme. Perhaps other wives in the father’s church have a need for alternative dick, because their husbands neglect them at home. 