He might be a nerd, but all of his friends are incredibly jealous as he has a gorgeous girlfriend to wake up to every morning. As he touches her feet, a blonde wakes up as he goes down on her, already pulling down her panties. She had prettier boyfriends before, but she felt in love with him because he is such a caring guy that turns into a wild animal in bed. While her other lovers were only trying to satisfy their needs and go back to sleep, this nerd is doing things for her that she couldn’t imagine. Plus, she never feels that it’s forced, as he genuinely enjoys it. When his tongue is on her shaved pussy, he is doing it not only because she loves it, but because he appreciates the taste of it. Her pussy juices are sweet, and even the smell turns him on. He is never in a hurry, and this time he doesn’t have to be too. They are all alone and have all the time in the world to do something special. He has the best view in the world while eating her beautiful pussy while she plays her big tits. She is such a petite babe that they are looking even bigger on her. The thing about her is that she looks so innocent while, in reality, she is a nympho who can’t stop thinking about fucking. Luckily, her man is always there to do things to her as she twitches, while getting close to cum. She is now on top of him, letting him play with her behind before she grabs his cock and shows her cock sucking skills. This is something that she enjoys so much, especially the feeling of it growing rapidly in her mouth. It is such a large schlong that it’s a challenge for her to take it deep. That is why she takes a lot of practice and is getting better at it. He doesn’t even need to pressure his girlfriend into it and is letting her do it her way.   Once the babe is ready, it’s time for her to ride his raging boner cowgirl style as her juggs are bouncing. She takes it deep and hard with a painful look on her face, but by now, he knows that is a good thing. Nympho feels no pain as he can drill her as much as he likes. When in doggy style position, he impales her pussy balls deep, going faster inside of her as she cums again. Her moans are passed into his mouth, he feels her pussy convulsing on his cock as her juices come flooding out. He needs to concentrate hard not to shoot his load, as she will need to come a few more times to feel satisfied. Slim naked blonde is now taking the initiative as she starts to ride him reverse cowgirl style, proving once again that she can do anything. I’m mesmerized watching her big breasts bounce and sway. This teen babe has the most beautiful body I’ve ever seen! That innocent face, pure white skin, beautiful breasts with those succulent nipples, and that tiny little pussy. I never get tired of seeing young naked girls have sex and get a nice load onto their beautiful faces. When the time comes for him to finish, he does it by unloading his semen in her mouth as she feels so happy that they both enjoyed it so much.