Kyler is what many would call an ideal fucking slut. She’s skinny, in the early twenties, with a pretty face, small tits, sexy feet, and adorably cute little ass. She loves sex and fucking enjoys being treated like a whore. Even though she is still young, she already did many crazy things in her life, and one of those things happened in a dirty, old warehouse, where four muscular, handsome guys gangbanged her. At first, she was on her knees, barefoot wearing her sexy red outfit, with four cocks surrounding her from each side. She sucks them so well that you can know she enjoys it a lot. As a kinky bitch, who loves not only humiliation but also pain, she had two stickers on her nipples, which the guys took off from her later during sex. “someone step up and shove your cocks in me! That’s right boys, I want a cocks in my mouth and another one stretching my pussy. Won’t you please give me your cocks and come? Please!” Since seeing a porno movie in which a woman had sex with four men, she had lived with that desire. Her moans were silenced when a cock was pushed past her lips. She felt two more men step up to her body and rub their cocks against her tits. A cock was placed in each of her hands as they moved their hips, fucking her hands, her mouth and her cunt. They took turns fucking her like that before she started riding cocks like a reversed cowgirl, with one dick in each hand and one more in her filthy mouth. Four cocks pounding her holes had her cumming constantly. For the whole time, she was touching or having inside her all four dicks. They stuffing her, she heard screams of lust as her cunt filled with hot seed, her mouth overflowing as cum spurted there as well. She couldn’t stop cumming…over and over, the hot sperm filling her. Another prick in her mouth disgorged its seed, directly into her throat, she could only swallow. Finally all four cocks began shooting hot cum on her whorish body. Her tits were soon covered in cum as was her face, ass and cunt. She was drowning in cum, but she loves it, and she’s used to it. She is one of those girls who know what they’re made for. 