Cute and kinky blonde cuties were having all kinds of naughty fun in front of a store at night, teasing and flashing their tits at strangers, trying to get money for drinks. A guy stumbled upon them and wanted to help out not knowing how playful and mischievous teenage sluts are. One grabbed a case of beer from his car and they started running. He went after the teen whores but the other, skinny hottie stayed back to stall the guy. She started pushing him around and eventually grabbed his big dick through his pants which immediately got her turned on. Dick instead of drinks. The teenie bent over, pulled her pants down and commanded him to eat her out. Surprised at first, he happily obeyed and, just moments later, his tongue was all over a tiny, pink, smooth snatch as he slobbered all over this tiny thieving slut. Just licking her snatch wasn’t enough for him so he soon stood up, pulled out his rock hard boner and forced himself inside her teenage cunt from behind. He started ramming her balls deep and hardcore, listening to her screams of pleasure mixed with irregular breathing as he was fucking her brains out in a back alley. The blonde was in heaven. She spread her ass willingly to let him get inside even deeper and hammer her harder than ever before dropping down on her knees to get a taste of his cock and her juices all over the shaft. She held his balls firmly and tried to swallow as much of his size as possible with her cute little mouth, choking while deepthroating. From there on out, they both went as hard as possible at each other, trying out every position imaginable, not caring they are in a back alley outdoors, fucking deep and rough until both reached their limits and came intensely. He pumped shot after shot of warm cum in her pussy while she moaned and clenched on his cock with each shot. You can see her cunt-juice and cum creampie oozing out of her pink, puffy cuntlips. He slipped his cock back into her cum filled cunt, slipping easily into the slippery mess and kept fucking her! 