Two high school girlfriends do everything together and are excited to hang out. This is wonderful Weird Science lesbian porn parody, sexy and full of nostalgic details to watch. All the little 80’s details, like the 80’s calculator, watches, video stores and dial up internet will take you right back, if you are old enough of course. Such a lot of fun to watch, great acting, great props and great attention to details. I love the appearance of the “granny panties”, the bra’s on their heads and the comments as they look thru the catalogue. The girls are still virgins. They don’t look too bad, but they simply have a lack of confidence. Besides, lately, they more talk and think about women than men anyway. So, a night of pizza, video games and ogling the underwear section of department store catalogs soon takes a…WEIRD turn. The girls discovered a computer program that can create a perfect woman, that is, a woman who looks like just the way they want. In their mutual opinion, an ideal woman is blonde, slim, with big tits, a few tattoos on her back, and sexy feet with painted nails. When the nerds are done programming her, they press enter. Suddenly, there is a loud explosion and the computer begins pouring smoke. Disappointed and thinking that the program fried the computer, they doze off. What the girls don’t realize is that they’ve just caused a short circuit of epic proportions. A power surge so strong, it rendered their 3D creation into physical form instantaneously! But…are these two horny nerds really ready for the results when their stunning creation, a hot naked woman, steps out of the computer screen?   Hot blonde offering herself to naive girls is a fantasy all its own. The naked blonde first ordered the girls to take a shower with her, then that gorgeous babe allowed them to suck the nipples on her beautiful tits. In fact, the girls had never touched a breast other than their owns. When the girls had their fun with her big tits, the naked babe lay on her back and spread her legs! The girls switched to licking the dream woman’s juicy pussy! It was perfectly shaved, soft, and so tempting for the tongue. Later, they got so horny and nasty with each other that it was even hard to follow who licked whom and where. At one point, one of the nerds was lying on her back, while her friend licked her pussy, and the dream woman served her mouth with her tits. The next moment, the other school girl and a dream woman were in a 69 position, while the third girl licked the blonde’s ass hole. It was so filthy and perverted. Of course, that was just an introduction for a mutual scissoring among all three. The young naked girls were so horny. It was a wild, sensual threesome. Sex was SO great! These three naked girls were amazing together. Three way kissing, foot licking, rim jobs, face sitting, breast play, tribbing, all of your favorite things in lesbian porn! Loved all of it. The castings are perfect and Weird Science was my favorite movie, growing up! Don’t miss all the series that pay homage to the great lesbian pulp stories of yesterday retold in a stylized retro 1980s setting. 