When I finally decided to get married at age 40, many people I know were surprised by that decision. “Why do you do this, man? You’re rich and can have any girl that you want. It’s not like that you plan to settle down or anything”, my friends used to tell me. First of all, my wife is hot. She is a sex bomb. She is two years younger than me, but she looks better than 90 percent of teenage pornstars you can see online. She’s a slut, I know, and she married me for the money, I know that too. But still, I don’t care. Now, the second reason why I decided to get married is the family. Her family. Her hot, tattooed, pierced, perverted teenage family. She has two daughters, twin sisters. They are two sexy 18-year-old sluts who do nothing in life but partying, fucking, and spending my money. Since they recently both graduated from high school, I promised them that I would buy them a car. Well, at least I mentioned that. The girls are both going to do whatever it takes to make sure they get a new car from their daddy… One day, while I was lying in my bed, one of them came into the room. At the moment, I was playing with my cock under the sheet, and she told me that she is willing to help me cum. If you put the two together, you will easily conclude that a minute after I was banging her like a whore, while she was jamming on my dick. A sweet, tight, completely bald young pussy was enough to drive any man to the brink of insanity. She rode me hard, bouncing and rocking her hips, repeatedly impaling herself on my dick. Then that little slut rolled over and pinned her legs to her head, producing a kind of pussy sandwich! I inserted my dick between her thick, plump pussy lips and started to pump. The silky smooth walls of her pussy milked me dry! Her sister saw as, and the next day, the little bitch persuaded me to do the same, with her sister sleeping right next to us! She gave a horny, fuck-me smile and opened her legs so I could touch anywhere I want. I look down at a pink slit with rose colored, smaller lips surrounding her vagina entrance. I ran my cock up and down between her pink pussy lips. Her girlie parts were soaking wet with love juice.   I pressed my cock-head to her opening and thrust in to the hilt, balls deep. I thrust and thrust and thrust. Of course, I was so horny that I exploded a load of semen into her young pussy too. I wasn’t afraid that her sister would wake up, but still, it was pretty weird. However, it wasn’t even close as odd as the thing which happened the following day. I tried to take my mind off the erotic view of my cock going in and out of their young pussies when the twins both came into my room and told me that they busted I used them for sex. “Ladies, if you want a new car, both of you have to fuck me together,” I said. A few seconds later, the girls got undressed and showed me again their hot, naked, sexy bodies. They both gave a blowjob so good that it was literally the best thing I ever experienced in my life. I was almost drooling as I stared at two young naked girls with their snow white asses poking up in the air, wanting my stiff cock. I got behind them, slipping my cock in one cunt then the other. I fucked them both from behind and spanked their fat asses. The girls took turns bouncing on my cock before I came on their faces while they were kissing on the bed. “Did our mommy taught us well,” one of them asked. Yes, you sluts, she has taught you perfectly. My best sexual experience ever was a threesome with my stepdaughters!