Gorgeous Lena and her husband are married for eight years already. They have little kids, and for that reason, they don’t have the chance to have sex at home that often. That’s why they use every opportunity when they’re away to do some crazy, kinky stuff and makeup to all the time which they missed in the past. They are both swingers, and having sex in front or with other people is not new for them at all. However, one night when they were staying in a luxury five-star hotel, they decided to do something really crazy, since they wanted to have sex in front of an open terrace. They wouldn’t know who will pass by, but they do know for sure that they are not at a swinger place and that people who might see them could be shocked by the scene. Still, they didn’t care. It all started when he undressed his slutty wife and started fucking her in standing position from behind, while her naked tits were pressed on the window of the terrace. There was nobody around yet. When her pussy was fucked enough for a start, the naked woman then got down on her knees and starting sucking his cock and stroking it with her hand at the same time. She was so filthy and horny, and she made noises, which all men like to hear when their dong is being sucked. Naked babe then bent over again, and her husband started fucking her from behind really hard. Before they even noticed, there were several people outside, male and female, who couldn’t believe what they see at the moment. One chick even took her cellphone out and started recording the scene.   The wife, who has an incredible body, was so horny that she forced him to go back to the couch so she can jump on his cock like a cowgirl. Everyone could still see them, and they didn’t care at all that people will have their sex scene on their phones. The curiosity is that there were actually more women than men on the terrace, and some of them couldn’t even control themselves without touching their pussy. For that time, an exhibitionist woman was having her husband’s cock from her cunt to her mouth, while he spanked her naked ass and left red marks on it, just like she likes it. She was so horny, so at one point, she even went to the terrace window, put one of her legs high up, and rubbed her pussy until she squirted. The chicks who were watching were impressed. One of them couldn’t resist any longer, so she took her clothes off and stood in front of the terrace window. The exhibitionists opened the door and let her and some other people in. That is when the real sex party started. Everyone’s got an Idée Fixe – an obsession, a kink, a taboo, a naughty act that they can’t resis.