Sexy brunette babe is on vacation in a luxury resort, and she craves for some fun. For her, there is no better fun than having sex with a stranger, so one day, when she notices that there is no one at the pool, she took her bikini off and left only two sticker stars on her tits. She was lucky enough that the first guy who saw was a handsome young stud, who took her out off the pool and brought her on a bench nearby. Young slut gave him a blowjob right away, while she was lying on her stomach and put her sexy feet up in the air like a real cock sucking princess. The guy oiled her gorgeous ass and her whole body, using every opportunity to spank her naked oiled butt with his hand. The slut liked it a lot, but she enjoyed, even more, when she turned around and let him lick her shaved, sexy cunt. She felt so horny and dirty that she had to suck his cock again. After that, young naked girl lay on her back, raised her knees high, pulled them back and opened them wide. Her teen pussy was begging for his cock, literally drooling for it. He rubbed the head of his dick up and down her lips, getting it slicked up with her juices. Teen girl stiffened as she felt him slide his dick deep into her. He pushed ever deeper into her warm pink cavity of sensual pleasure. Her tight pussy was gripping and releasing his hard cock as he plowed in and out of her, fucking her in a missionary pose. It felt amazing to be fucking such a beautiful young girl who just happened to have the tightest and wettest pussy. He also oiled her tits, her stomach, and the whole front side of her body. Every part of her skin was so sticky, and she loved it so fucking much. He fucked her from behind while he pulled her hair, and she screamed like they’re the only one left in the world. He came in her mouth, and she swallowed every drop, except the ones which fell on her neck and her shoulders. After that, they both got into the water. She was still naked, and the cum was still on her face. That is when they finally introduced themselves by name. 