His new girlfriend is a total slut. Actually, she’s not his girlfriend. It’s more like that he fucks her from time to time, but she’s really into him and enjoys the way he treats her. Anyway, since he knows what kind of the slut she is and all the kinky stuff that she does, he asked his brother to make a trade for one day, offering him his girlfriend to do whatever he wants in replace for a new sports car that his brother bought. His brother agreed and, although she objected it a little at first, so did his whore girlfriend. It didn’t take more than five minutes after he left the apartment. When the girlfriend realized that he had gone, she started to panic, demanding to know what the hell was going on. Her boyfriend’s brother on the other hand, was calm and collected as he told her that sometimes guys get bored and need a little variety in their lives. Although she was hurt and betrayed, wanting nothing to do with him, she was all alone now and had nowhere else to go. The girl had no choice but to got naked and start sucking his cock. She had to stick the cock down her throat taking it out only to spit on his balls and lick it all afterward. The sex with minimal foreplay had her nipples erect from the beginning. When she sucked it good and made it all hard, she then got fucked from behind like she’s used to, with her hair pulled and being called degrading names like “slut, bitch, whore, etc.” She was also fucked in a cowgirl and some other poses, and her pussy was smashed from banging. Bouncing up and down the hard dick, her breasts shook wildly as she repeatedly slammed herself down, impaling herself on his cock fully, again and again. Her nipples erect and her pussy burning and sucking at his shaft each time she pulled herself up and slammed herself down. “I didn’t let you cum! Now I’m going to punish you for it!” She cried and orgasmed despite herself, saying she had been fucking the wrong dick all this time. Her boyfriend came back and entered the door only a few seconds after his brother came on his girlfriend’s face. The cum was still all over her. When your girl is a slut you know she’ll do anything you say. 