Everything is different after I’ve met my current girlfriend. This young, slim brunette is everything I ever wanted. Her cute little ass is perfect, her pussy is young and tight, and I love her small tits because she looks even more youthful. It’s early morning, and my sexy cum slut is already jumping around the house and stripping. She doesn’t even wait for me, as she plays with her pussy playing with her clit and her wet labia. Her pussy is so wet it running down between her legs. I jump in by helping her drill her snatch, she pulls my dick out of my pants and goes on her knees to start sucking it. I love this part, as I know how much she enjoys my cock in her mouth. If she could, she would have a dick in her mouth for hours, testing her limits. Once she told me that is always working on her deepthroating skills, I was delighted. This is a type of girl willing to learn about sex and see where it leads her. I love how she looks into my eyes while my shaft is inside her warm mouth. My babe loves me cumming on her face and in her mouth. It sometimes sends her into orgasm when she feels my cum hitting her mouth. Jets of cum hit her face, eyes and nose. She used my cock to spread my seed all around her cute face. Now it’s time to invade her pussy finally. I banged her cowgirl style as she was moaning like crazy, but never letting me stop. Her favorite position is doggy style, as she loves being submissive and letting me control the pace. With her pussy clamping tighter on my already over stimulated dick I began to shoot loads of cum deep inside of her pussy.   I looked down and saw my cum everywhere. Cum was flowing from her with each thrust. She was playing with her pussy as I was deep inside of her before we switch positions. I pushed his cock against her cum-covered clit and pushed into her cum-filled pussy. This time my sexy naked girl was riding me reverse cowgirl style, spreading her legs wide on the couch. It’s hard to explain how good it felt to be inside of her snatch. It’s incredible that this barely legal babe is such a cum slut that always has sex on her mind. I know that our relationship depends on it, but luckily, I love doing it too. The thing with her is that she likes it when I cum in her pussy, but even after I do it, I’m always ready for more. Seconds after a creampie, I turned her around and went inside of her missionary style while enjoying looking at her shaved pussy. We both feel so dirty while doing, as my shaft and her pussy are so sticky, and the bed is a mess. We look like a couple who wasn’t together for months, and the passion we feel for each other is so huge that I once again creampie her. Another river of cum was dripping from her little cunt. There was still some semen in my balls, so of course, I had to continue. As she was riding me reverse cowgirl style, I shot my final load inside of her, making her messy.