Things got so weird this Christmas. The problem is that Uncle Pete came home drunk, and with a busty escort. While he got a verbal spanking from the matriarch of the family, her husband stared at the eye candy that was the slut. Young babe was already doing crazy things, sticking candy in her ass, so he knew he needs to do something about it. When his wife and her brother start arguing, he knows it will take a while. That is why he feels safe to invite this whore in their bedroom for some fun. She doesn’t mind that – Uncle Pete already paid her, and as a decent prostitute, of course, she won’t keep money and not giving anything in return. Moreover she tells him she’s expecting to fuck somebody tonight. As she drops her panties, he is already deep inside her pussy, licking it wildly, but soon she needs his dick. There is nothing romantic about her lovemaking, as she starts by deepthroating. It’s not easy to have such a massive boner inside of her mouth, but she is an experienced whore who knows how to handle it. Her handjob skills are also excellent, and she even takes time to suck his balls. The lucky man is impressed by her attention to detail before she decides to start riding him cowgirl style. This whore likes it deep in her cunt, as her fat ass is bouncing. Things get even better once he is inside her warm asshole. Naked babe rams her big plump ass hard down onto his cock, driving his dick deep inside her ass. He grabs her ass with both hands and starts slamming his cock into her ass. She keeps enjoying hardcore anal sex before she makes a short break, grinding her pussy onto his face and smearing her pussy juices all over his face, while she fingers her rectum! What they do next is to go for reverse cowgirl as he is sticking it back in her asshole.   Inked and busty whore loves every moment, even though it hurts. Anal for Christmas is the best gift for both of them. It’s not easy to satisfy a nympho, but she loves what he is doing. It’s painful, but it is also a beautiful experience for her as he hammers her asshole doggy style. Even that is not enough for her, as the crazy whore rubs her clit, like wishing there is another man filling her hole. As an experienced slut, she already had so many gangbangs, and nothing can surprise her. Still, this man is pushing her to the limits, and she is surprised how much she enjoys. Being an escort is not only about money for her, as she loves the experience, and this is one of the best she ever had. Of course, she won’t miss a chance for ass to mouth action as she continues rubbing her clit while her throat is fucked. Back to work, brunette babe spreads her legs wide as her partner goes inside her ass missionary style. Balls deep inside of her, he is having a hard time trying not to cum. They both want to prolong this experience until the last moment. He even made her squirt before once again, hammering her butt and finally cumming on her giant tits.