Young student needs tutoring, but the problem is his lack of concentration. His girlfriend is desperate to help him, but he is not paying attention. Once her mom comes to check them, things get even worse! The only thing he can think about is how to slide his shaft inside of her as he is watching her ass while she is on the stairs. Still, he believes that he has no chance, at least until he catches this beautiful woman masturbating in the bathroom. Seeing her naked in the bathtub with a smile on her face as she rubs her clit makes him hard in seconds, and that is why he drops his pants and starts stroking it! The problem is, naked woman caught him doing it, and won’t let him get away that easily. A little perv needs to be punished, so she makes him eat her pussy before squirting all over him! She is literally cumming in waves and squirting all over his face! “Oh fuck, I came all over your face. Tongue fuck me you bastard!” His shirt is messy, and his girlfriend makes him go back to clean himself. That is the best possible excuse for him to continue his adventures with her mother, that is now demonstrating her cock sucking skills. This is the best blowjob he ever had, as she is doing it like a pro, going for deepthroat while looking him in the eyes. Then his girlfriend’s naked mom lies on the edge of the bathroom and lets him dive deep inside her meat hole and enjoy her pussy juices. This boy always wanted to have sex with a mature lady and now a gorgeous naked woman is wating for him to enter her cunt. She has a great ass, beautiful breast and shaved her pussy and left a sexy landing strip over her slit. Straight away he grabbed his cock, searching for her wet opening. As he slides his rod inside of MILF’s tight snatch, he starts drilling her while standing, as they don’t worry about getting caught. Mature is still squirting all the time, making their adventure dirtier. Her powerful, fire-hose orgasms are so wild you can sometimes catch surprise in her face as her body shakes with each rippling wave of pleasure. After going inside of her missionary style and making her ride him reverse cowgirl, he sprays her face with his thick load. 