Her beauty is undeniable, her large ‘natural’ breasts are the envy of women, her nice ass is much sexier than the average, not at all fat, but big and firm, her legs are slim but nicely shaped. She has a hot tattoo below her soft tits and one more around her whole left thigh. When you have a girl so hot and sexy like Liya you have to satisfy her every day, fuck the shit out of her, make her cum again and again! One day, she was hired by an older rich man, who fucked her many times already, but this time he wanted her to amuse his geek son, who spends most of his days in front of the computer and doesn’t have much experience with women. Liya dressed very sexily, putting on her sandals with high heels and transparent underwear. He is busy with work but you also could not resist her charm, when she poses in front of you in her sexiest lingerie set. She showed him her topless body, her gorgeous boobies and then, stripping off her panties too. Finally the guy got turned on and luckily for Liya, although he is a nerd, he has a pretty big cock. Hot naked girl got onto it straight away, as she spat on it like a whore and started stroking it in her mouth, among with sticking it whole down her throat. She’s still very young in the early twenties, but she already knows how to suck a big cock. The sexy girl took her underwear and her shoes off, and when she got fully naked, she lay on a bed, spread her legs wide and told him: “Come on, stick your cock in me. Go wild on me” Yes, getting fucked that’s her purpose in life. She is a gorgeous girl with a perfect body and she really likes sex. The young fellow was hard as he’s never been before and stuck it into her soft cunt so deep that she screamed like she never had a dong before. He took her hard and with almost angry thrusts of his hips watching her big young tits bounce wildly up and down. He licked her pussy and fucked her like a cowgirl and spanked her sexy ass before he came into her mouth and waited for her to swallow it. Liya definitely liked fucking with him more than with his dad. 