It was a lovely dinner party at which a guy asked his long-time girlfriend to marry him. She said yes, and her future husband’s friends all applauded and congratulated. But one of the guys was shocked, he was about to profess his love for her this evening. Her current boyfriend was on his knee in front of his crush. His panic boiled over and he made a snap decision, activating his pocket watch to freeze time. Suddenly, something very strange happened. It’s like that everybody got frozen in time except him and the girl. Everything’s just STOPPED. The birds, the people. Nothing’s MOVING. That’s IMPOSSIBLE! The girl was confused, looked around the room, saw that her fiance was no longer moving waving her hand in front of his face. She tried to wake him up but couldn’t. Her friend explained that the pocket watch can stop time. He finally professed his love for her, thinking she would reciprocate, but she didn’t. He revealed that he had stopped time so that they could be together forever. The girl was freaked out. The guy felt betrayed and hurt that she didn’t share his feelings. He told her that he loves her for a long time and threatened to smash the watch, that he won’t unfreeze everyone unless she fucks with him. She allegedly rebelled, but very soon, she agreed to do it. On his proposal, they did it right there at the dinner table, with her fiance sitting right next to them! The slut obediently took his cock out of his pants and started sucking it right away. She had to act like she was not forced to do it. The girl looked at her fiance and kept sucking the cock, swirling her tongue all over the head and working her head faster and faster. Then she stood up to let him pull down her panties. In a few minutes, she was already fully naked, and he started gripping her ass with his hands, kneading her butt-cheeks with his fingers then he stuck his tongue into her ass hole! She didn’t have to wait long as she felt his cock at her entrance.   He slowly stuck his hard dick into her pussy from behind, grabbed her neck with his hands, and started banging her in the doggy style. Her naked tits were bouncing front and back as she was standing naked in front of her fiance and watching him while his friend was fucking her cunt. Excellent mixture of closeups and full body camera angles, allowing us to appreciate every nuance of her beauty. Later, the guy sat on a chair, and the hot naked girl sat on his cock to ride it like a cowgirl while he kissed and sucked the nipples on her soft, beautiful tits. God, it’s unbelievable watching such a beautiful naked girl riding a cock, grinding her clit against the base of his shaft and moving her hips in a circular motion. Like a real slut, she again had to get down on her knees and start sucking his cock, feeling the taste of her pussy from his dong. He fucked her again in a reversed cowgirl and a doggy style pose, and then he loaded his cum all over her beautiful face. Sperm was on her chin, dribbling from the corner of her mouth, there was cum on her tits. There’s nothing I like more than the look on a girl’s face as she gets good shots of the cum on the face. However, her fiance was still frozen, and she realized that a guy tricked her only so that he could fuck her. What a great idea for a story. Apart from Alina being so beautiful, she is such a wonderful alround performer. Always delivers a great acting performance and her scenes are always hot. Don’t miss all episodes with this beauty!