Two breathtaking babes were having fun outdoors during a hot and steamy summer day. A dazzling blonde with an amazing ass and firm tits ran around with her dashing brunette girlfriend who sported a slim body with a pair of beautiful breasts. Girls are both in their 20’s with curvaceous bodies! Curvy, playful, hot as fuck girls were tossing water balloons at each other, fooling around, and chilling before heading back inside to take a shower together. It didn’t take long for these two hot naked girls to go down and dirty in the bathroom. With the shower still running, blonde spread her legs revealing her smooth, trimmed pussy, and brunette started passionately fingering her, quickly bringing her to an intense, squirting orgasm! FUCK SHE’S SQUIRTING SO HARD! Her orgasms and squirting so incredibly slutty. However, even all that naughty action wasn’t enough for either of them as they finished with the shower and quickly went on to find their boyfriend in the house. He was relaxing, taking a nap at the sofa when two wet naked girls jumped onto him and swiftly removed his pants to pull his massive boner out. Just moments later, he had to stunning hotties giving him an incredible, double blowjob. The brunette was kneeling between his legs, going hard at his rod while the blonde was at his side, taking turns kissing him and swallowing his shaft. Such intense oral foreplay was just a warmup for them and a way for the girls to make his cock rock hard to ride. It didn’t take long for hotties to turn sloppy cocksucking into relentless riding. Having finished deepthroating him, brunette let the blonde be the first one to straddle him. She placed her pink snatch on his boner and slid herself all the way down, impaling herself balls deep while brunette sat on his face and went on to grind her pussy off of his mouth and tongue. Soft moans from both naked girls quickly turned into erotic screams of pleasure as they were losing their minds with all the pleasure and horniness. The blonde’s body began to shake and she kept squirting her juices all over the room. One, two, three spurts of girl cum shot out of her cunt as he continued to fucked her. The friend’s hand was rubbing her clit and making it spray everywhere!!!   Being the good friends that they are, chicks were good at sharing so blonde soon switched with brunette. Now, the brunette was riding dick vigorously like a slutty cowgirl, with her perfect tits jigging in front of their man’s face while her girlfriend rubbed, caressed, and licked her body and feet, enhancing the pleasure for all of them. She also couldn’t resist just watching and had to finger herself as hard as possible until it was her turn again. She didn’t have to wait long and, after giving him another double blowjob and tasing their pussy juices all over his shaft, the naked blonde was back on his dick, riding even harder than before. She just couldn’t stop squirting all over him and he pounded into her so hard and she gushed. Each thrust against the swollen clit, deep into her wet cunt, causing the orgasms to increase one after another. From there on out, they went crazy with each other. Naked girls took turns on his dick in more and more exotic positions, having their pussies and throats satisfied while they kept squirting from the immense pleasure. He fucked both babes as hard as possible and licked their pussies into multiple orgasms before finally reaching his limits from having pleasured two gorgeous babes, so he shot huge loads of jizz all over them. The girls got him to cover them in a thick load of cum, kissing and licking it off each other.