He often brings his friends home, and every time he does it, his younger sister is there to tease them. This brunette ebony beauty with massive tits is on top of their list, but the thing is, she cares only about his nerdy white friend. He is so responsible that he brought her brother home as he was too drunk, so while he is sleeping, she decides to have some fun with him. She gently spreads open her legs and lets him gaze down at her pussy. “I bet you have never seen a black pussy before.” The dude looks down at the brown pussy lips. Her high confidence level lets her reveal her gorgeous body that shows numerous tattoos and trimmed pussy as she lets him eat it. He can’t stop licking her black pussy, tonguing it, savoring the taste. But it doesn’t take long before roles are reversed, and his white cock is inside of her mouth. They are still in the bedroom as her brother is asleep, and that is what makes them even more excited. Busty ebony is giving her best performance as she is sucking her lover’s balls before impressing him by deepthroating. Black naked girl turns around, kneeling on the floor with her amazing ass high in the air and he finally inserts his cock into her cunt from behind. He lets her take control as she shakes her booty wildly. That was always her style, and of course, men love it when she takes the initiative. Still, once they are on the bed next to her brother, he is hammering her pussy missionary style while she is playing with her tits and spreading her pussy and legs wide. She is fingering her clit while he looks between her legs where his white cock is pumping into her and spreading her brown pussy lips open to show the pinkness inside. What they are doing feels so wrong but also so good, making her have lots of intense orgasms. He is also close to cumming but is trying his hardest not to do so. After black babe rides him cowgirl style, working her booty on his cock, it is time for him to finish things up by shooting loads of cum in her hungry mouth. Wanting to remove the evidence, fat ass ebony swallows it all. This will stay their little secret! 