This year, my sexy girlfriend and I decided to celebrate Christmas together, but just the two of us. Instead of exhausting family reunions and hustling with all the relatives which you would rather avoid, we decided to enjoy and do what we love the most, and that is having wild, kinky, naughty sex. As a present, I bought her a sybian, which can stimulate her clit while she rides it. She just couldn’t wait to try a vibrator so she parted her pussy lips with her fingers and sat on the Sybian down. I turned it on and she was enjoying the sensations! Her pussy was mashed against the machine. She groaned and rocked faster on top of the Sybian. I could see the woman cum oozing down from her slit. As her present for me, she bought some sexy Santa Clause lingerie that she wore, apart from giving me an insanely fantastic blowjob, just how she knows that I like. By the way, I must say that I was lucky enough to date a teen girl who is excellent at giving blowjobs. She is like a blowjob queen, and not even in porn films I’ve seen a girl who is so good at sucking dicks like she is. Of course, after she gave me head, I also gave her a treat by licking her beautiful, shaved pussy. It was so sweet and juicy. When she was wet enough, she sat on my cock and started jamming on it like a good little whore. She likes it when I call her like that, cause it is something that turns on both of us very much. She was working her hips in frenzy and slamming her pussy down on me.  It was a lovely sight, as the force of my thrusts caused her tiny body to rock back and forth on me. When she felt the cum release from my swollen balls and travel through the shaft her cunt began to milk me. Like water out of a fire hose, my cum shot out of my cock and filled her warm insides. Load after load of cum mixing with her juices. I just kept cumming. Oh my god, that felt so good. After I fucked her in a few more positions and made her have multiple orgasms, I came into her mouth and loaded some more cum all over her beautiful face. That was all just a starter for that night since we had sex a few more times and stayed awake until early in the morning. It was the best Christmas ever for both of us. 