You shouldn’t leave gorgeous house maids alone for too long because you can never know what they’ll be up to while you’re gone. These two gorgeous babes decide to have some sexy fun while the house owners are out. The lesbians have such a hard time containing themselves that they don’t even take off their maid uniforms and these two sexy girls get into position, scissoring their legs so that they can press their pussies together! Soon they are moaning and rubbing their smooth pussies against each other, exchanging their juices. They are wildly grinding their cunts and clits against each other. The lesbian at the top rocks her hips forward as the other onw thrusts into her, adding even more rubbing and grinding. Both girls forget about cleaning anything and instead concentrate on the tribbing. Both pussies are leaking their juices, they don’t want to stop until they both orgasm spectacularly. But the problem is that the home owner shows up early! One of the maids has to sneak up to the closet when the other one pretends to clean the room. As soon as the owner leaves, the girls can no longer restrain themselves, and began to fondle and caress each other. All they have on at this point are stockings and that only makes them lust for each other even more. The naked maids get into a ’69’ and start licking and sucking the hell out of each other. Orgasm is intense as their bodies tremble! Both naked girls perform some of the best oral ever and even tongue fuck each other from behind in the most amazing doggy style. One of the girls spreads her lesbian girlfriend’s ass cheeks with both hands and dives right their, pushing her tongue deep into her, bringing her to the heights of orgasm. She tongue fucks her and licks and kisses and fingers her and drives her crazy. That feels so fucking good. She takes her mouth off of her clit for a moment to scream into her pussy, drenching her face with her juices. Girls tear off each other’s lingerie and keeps tribbing on each other’s pussies, grinding together and mixing their sweet juices together! 