Blonde schoolgirl is so petite that by looking at her, somebody would think that she is much younger. Even though she looks so sweet and innocent, she is a nympho that is always hunting for men. For her, every dick is giant, but she is still about finding guys twice her size, as she wants to test her limits and prove everyone wrong. Her girlfriends are always teasing her, telling her that no boy would want to go inside her snatch, as they will be afraid not to hurt her. This time, she seduced a jock, taking him home as her parents were staying somewhere else for a day. She is happy that she wants to fuck her, but now she feels the pressure to perform well. At first this tiny girl lets him play with her little pussy on the couch. Then she changes into something more comfortable in her bedroom, knowing that it will drive him mad. He oils her petite body and starts to play with her perky tits before focusing on her pussy. Finally, he fingers her as she stretches her legs and moans wildly, cumming for the first time. For a nympho such as her, this is only the beginning. Now it’s her time to show her skills, so while he is rubbing her pussy, she is concentrating on sucking his shaft while using her hands. Petite blonde does it so well. Still, the much bigger test is once that dick is inside of her little pussy. He is already hammering her doggy style, his balls are slapping against her pussy lips, he is pounding his big cock as deep in her body as it possible and being helpless only turns her on.   The young naked blonde loves to imagine that she has lost control and that her fucker can use her like a sex doll, not caring for a moment if she would ever say no. So while the pain is there, she doesn’t care too much about it. It’s all about this new experience that will boost her credibility as a slut and make her girlfriend green with envy. She can imagine the look on their faces when she tells them how she comfortably rode this fat boner reverse cowgirl style. That is the truth, as she handled it well and was even rewarded by clit rubbing, which made her cum once more. He grabs her hair from behind and keeps destroying her pussy with his huge prick, stroking hard as she moans like a wild woman. Her back arches as he works inside her perfect twat and makes her bubbly ass cheeks bounce. This teen girl has never been dicked down like this! There was still so much energy in her as she went for a cowgirl style before her lover had a final test for her. As he pounded her missionary style, he was sure that she could handle anything, and that is why he decided to shower her face with cum as she stuck her tongue out, hoping to catch some of his hot semen.