I was trying fucking this sex toy I have when my cute, little, blonde stepsister caught me in the act. I barely convinced her not to feel bad or run away before we ended up back in the bedroom. As it turned out, she was curious about this whole thing and even offered to help me out by using the toy on my throbbing boner. It got her as horny as me and so she soon removed her top, leaving only her small bra on as she took my massive shaft with her pretty, little mouth! I quickly found out that my stepsis was incredible at giving blowjobs. A little slut started slobbering all over the shaft like a pro, drooling all over it and quickly making my cock all slippery and her face all messy. I can only imagine how many cocks she already sucked at school. I could let her go on like that forever but simply sucking and jerking me off wasn’t enough for her. She stripped completely naked in front of me, revealing her cute, firm breasts with a pair of adorable, pink nipples, a tight, little ass and a smooth shaved, pink pussy. She first mounted me in reverse cowgirl, lowering her cute ass and with one thrust she sunk to my balls. She impaled herself all the way with her asshole pulsating in pleasure. The feeling of her pussy pulsing around me was wonderful! Then, the young naked girl turned around and let me watch the pleasure on her adorable face as she rode me balls deep, rubbing her clit and enhancing the pleasure. After that, I had to take the initiative. She lied on her back at the edge of the bed and spread her thin legs for me. When the head of my cock touched her wet slit she arched her back and pushed herself onto it, trying to fuck my cock with her pussy. I grabbed her ass cheeks and planted my cock as deep up her tight hole as it would go and held it there. Watching her petite body as I hammered her like a sex doll was orgasmic. She came multiple times, moaning and screaming as we fucked in all kinds of different positions before I finally reached my limit and plastered her with loads of cum. 