The short-haired brunette student is not happy that her friend is late for their studying session, but at least he is finally here. The thing is, he is more interested in what is underneath her skirt as he even makes a few pictures of her panties. As his classmate continues to read her books, his hands are squeezing her ass cheeks. He spreads them apart as he kisses all over each of them. Her pussy is wet already and obvious through her panties. He is staring at them. Her skirt is around her waist. Unable to put it off for very long, he kneels behind her, holding his rampant hard-on as he aims it at her slit. To get the dirty dudes mind off sex, the girl pops her pussy while she works on the school project. He presses the head of his penis against her moist lips. The girl feels herself getting warm all over, her nipples hard with excitement. He slips his prick inside her. He enters her slowly, he savores the feeling of his cock inside her tight, wet, warm pussy. His reward is her full commitment, as he is going inside of her doggy style while finally removing her shirt to reveal her perky tits. He slaps her behind while already going inside her balls deep. His classmate loves being used this way. She even tastes her pussy juices as she not only sucks his shaft but also deepthroats it. That looks mighty impressive since she is faced with a long schlong that would get many of her girlfriends scared. Even though she looks like an innocent schoolgirl she saw a couple of sex positions in porn and she wants to try them now. Naked girl smiles, and moves over, gets on top, and pushes her pussy against his cock, riding him cowgirl style. While in the beginning, his rod is only an inch or two inside of her meat hole, slowly, he goes deeper, feeling that she can handle it. The young man even plays with her anal entrance, like suggesting that he will test it too. Stretching her legs wide, she rides him reverse cowgirl style while moaning, as her small tits are bouncing. She raises and lowers her tight pussy, massaging his cock. Finally, he gives her a gooey cum facial to cap off the study session. Once his semen covers her face, she is the happiest girl in the world! 