Every time for a New Year’s eve, I spend hundreds of dollars on clothes, parties, drinks, etc., and every time when it ends, I realize that I didn’t have such a good time at all. Well, this year, I decided to do something different and to use my money wisely, thinking about nobody else but myself. I decided to hire two hookers, bring them to my apartment and spend the whole night solely with the girls. I found two real, nasty whores, such whores that you don’t even have the smallest doubt about what they do as soon as you see them. One is blonde, and the other is a brunette. The girls both have huge, plastic boobs, colorful tattoos all over their bodies, long colorful nails, and a face which tells you that it sucked hundreds of dicks already. They came dressed like sluts, in high heels and very short mini skirts, although very soon the girls were totally naked and barefoot, just how I like them. To start things faster, I spilled champagne on them and made them wet and messy. I sat down on a couch and let the girls pull down my pants. They started sucking my cock at the same time, with each of them licking it with her tongue from her side. After they both gave me a blowjob which I enjoyed very much, the blonde was the first who I fucked, as she turned around, sat on my cock and started riding it like a cowgirl. Her friend grabbed her ass with both hands and started helping her by slapping her ass harder onto my dick! Her fat ass was slapping against my body causing her cheeks to ripple with each contact. When she came down, the brunette started giving me a blowjob again, while the blonde bitch began to lick my fucking balls.   My dick was so hard, and I felt like I’m in heaven. Then it was the brunette who rode my dick, but that was only after the naked girls both started stroking my cock with their asses together, being turned by back to each other. It was one of their ideas. Since they are whores, they obviously know lots of tricks, and I must say that this is the first time I tried something like this, and I liked it a lot. After that, I fucked the blonde in the doggy style, while the brunette was keeping her filthy mouth above the blonde’s ass so I can swap between fucking the blonde’s ass and brunette’s mouth. We were all so horny and relatively drunk. However, that was nothing in comparison to the way the brunette jumped on my cock afterward. The bitch was so horny that she literally didn’t know where she is. I was banging her cunt while the blonde was squeezing her tit and sucked her nipple. The brunette was so turned on that she squirted so fucking much! I have never seen anything like that in person. Then I fucked the blonde again and came all over their fucking faces. The naked girls kissed as the cum dropped off from their lips to their tits. That was definitely the New Year’s party I will never forget.