While you might think that paying rent entitles you to turn your home into a BDSM dungeon, it isn’t that simple. Doing that requires you to get permission from the head of the housing committee. These two babes skipped over that and got down to business. One day, while the girls were servicing a client by whipping him and flogging him, their landlord came rushing in because he heard the rumors of what they were doing. When he saw the domme room he threatened to evict them and to close down their business. The girls couldn’t just pack up and leave so they decided to treat him to a world of pleasure. Two of them are femdom queens of seduction, and they know exactly what they need to do. They were wearing the skimpiest BDSM outfits. They started sucking off the head of the housing committee, and he was already starting to realize that this was going to end in their favor. Of course, it was going to take a lot more than a double blowjob to change his mind about what he saw. So they two babes knew that they needed to give their pussies too. The girls didn’t do it enthusiastically as it just so happens that they don’t really let their clients fuck them. They’re femdom babes, so their entire thing is that they’re the ones in charge. Usually, they’re the ones inflicting the pain on their clients, not the other way around. Sexy girls went ahead and started riding him. First, the one with the chain bra gave him a ride, and then her blonde friend did the same. Since they both like sex a lot, it was amazing sex. They managed to get through all the fucking and they even managed to get some pussy licking out of the entire endeavor. Fuck that must of felt great pumping a load into one pussy before pulling out shooting the last few drops on the other girl’s face, what’s lucky man. He came in one girl and the other one began eating his cum out of her friend’s cunt! At the end of the day, their business was saved and the girls could continue to do their BDSM dungeon stuff in the apartment as long as they fucked the landlord every now and then. 