This slut seems to be all about having the best sex of her life. She knew that she was going to have a good time with me cause word is out that I can cum multiple times in a row, every time producing so much cum, filling all these teen pussies with with a gallon of sperm. As it turns out, the rumors are true, and this bitch knows it. She came to my place wearing really skimpy clothes, fishnet tights and it was obvious what she was trying to achieve. I’m glad that she was ready to be extra sexy for me just to get my hard cock. Once I got her inside and took all her clothes off it was time for the big reveal. Teen girl was absolutely amazed by my cock and she wanted to feel it inside her. Of course, I wasn’t going to let her have it like that so easily. She had to put some work in for it, so she lied down on her stomach and started sucking on my huge throbbing cock like it was her calling. Teen babe desperately wanted me to fuck her, her young cunt was overflowing with juices all over her legs so I just took her and spread her legs wide apart. I ripped her cyan fishnet stockings, rammed my hard dick into her shaved pussy hard and hold it deep in her, enjoying the feeling of her vagina massaging me. She was moaning from the first second of me drilling her, and she couldn’t believe how good it felt. And here it is, the first creampie! She had an amazing orgasm, her muscles clenching me tightly until she felt something hot spurt into her, and her pussy milked my cock, taking the thick cream inside. Some women may not orgasm until they feel the partner cumming inside them. The girl cried as she came too, loving the feeling of my hot cum inside of her and the feeling of my spasming cock spewing that. She laid there savoring the feeling of my sperm inside her. Her little pussy was red and open, and a pearly river of cum began to ooze from inside. Thick white gooo oozed from between her pink lips. She needed me back inside her. I kept fucking her missionary style for a while before taking her and fucking her from behind, everytime cumming inside her. In and out my dick jammed into her hungry vagina as she came and came and came with me. Some people can’t believe I can cum so much and so often. She put some work in as well as she rode my cock and in the end, I was ready to giver her the last but the biggest cumload she ever took in pussy. “Oh God!” she gasped as the inside of her pussy convulsed around me. Finally I stopped cumming and collapsed on top of me, kissing me. 