She is such a shy, cute babe that, for the last couple of years, lives with her foster parents. She is happy that her adoptive parents are so in love but has no idea about their dark desires. MILF and her husband love rough-fucking, but whenever they are doing it, they get excited talking about their fostered daughter that is 18 and legal. Naked woman is getting nailed doggy style while expressing her wish to fuck her, but this night, young babe heard it all. ‘You were having a nightmare, sweetheart!’ She says, clutching her tightly. The girl can’t remember if what she saw was just a dream. ‘I’m scared … can I stay with you?’ she asks. Mama suggests she share the bed with them. When she pulls back the covers to tuck her in, she accidentally exposes her husband. He is lying on his back naked, with a half-erect penis, staring calmly at the girl. She lays down close to her foster Mama. There is a long silence. Then Mama cuddles up to Daddy, putting her arms around both her and him and pulls them all together to create a family sandwich. The teen girl can feel his penis brush up against her leg. She takes a deep breath to calm her nerves. ‘Daddy is big, isn’t he?’ Mama continues, smiling. ‘You can touch it and see how big it can get!’ the girl doesn’t know what to do. She is incredibly nervous, she is a virgin, she has never seen a naked man before but she looks at her foster mother slowly nodding. Her small hand slides down and wraps around his shaft. Mama looks over at him, smiling, before putting her own hand down and wrapping it over his dick. Together, the girls slowly jerk him off. The shy girl can feel something happening, her breath quickens, her pussy gets wet, her nipples get erect, she feels a tigthness in her stomach. Mama then instructs them both to perform fellatio on him. After all, they believe in traditional family values where the man of the house deserves to be taken care of. He slowly pulls down her panties, revealing her smooth, untouched, unexplored young cunt. He starts kissing her pussy lips, sucking on them lightly, licking her slit, then rubbing his thumb in circles hard and sensual on her clit. Her eyes are on her foster mother as he approaches her pussy with his penis. Her sensitive pussy can feel his hot cock pulsate near the entrance. Her teen body jerks as his cock head spreads her pussy lips apart and slowly starts to slide into her tight pussy. Mama watches her husband’s cock slowly sinks into her adopted daughter’s tight hole. Her pussy throbs like crazy. His cock stretches her virgin pussy to the Max as it enters her tight channel. Inch by inch his cock enters her until it touches her unbroken hymen. He pushes his hips forward and plunges deep into her, her eyes pop wide open. Her mom smiles and kisses her. The old pervert keeps sliding his cock in and out of her tight virgin cunt, thrilled with what he is doing. He starts banging her harder. Her violated cunt squeezes his big cock, clutching it with every spasm rolling through her vagina. The moma keeps teaching her.   As the girl is sucking his cock, her foster mom is here to encourage her and give her advice on how to do it better. With a bit of practice, every college boy will want to fuck her. As a MILF is taking the shaft inside her mouth, the young blonde is licking his balls. It is something she has never done, but now feels inspired to try it. As their adventures continue, she watches her naked mother riding a dick cowgirl style and playing with her clit as she is sucking her boobs. Her foster dad keeps banging her teen pussy rougher and deeper until the moment he is balls deep inside of her. It will be hard for her not to talk to anyone about this forbidden love, but this needs to stay their secret. Her foster dad keeps pounding her brutally. Her pussy can feel his thick cock begans pulsating inside her, it has got so hard and suddenly something happened inside, she is filling up with something warm, wet. His cum sprays the back of her womb and it sends her also, over the edge. Her mother is looking into her eyes as his penis jerks inside, shooting more thick semen into her fertile cunt. Her stepmom smiles and kisses her, more of his sperm trickling into her vagina. Her vagina milks every last drop of his seed into her. 