You never know where and when your sexual happiness waits for you. One morning I woke up cause I heard some noise in the kitchen. I came down to see what it was and I saw a young girl, very hot and barefoot, chatting on her phone. She said that she’s my girlfriend’s friend and that she sleeps over cause they’re on a spring break. I couldn’t help noticing the way she looked at me. It was clear that a slut was undressing me with her eyes, seducing me, tasting me with her big bubble ass. That made my dick pretty hard and I could not hide it anyway. Without wasting time she approached me, pulled down my panties, and my cock fell out like a pipe. Horny teen girl grabbed it immediately and started sucking it like a good little whore, which she obviously is. She pulled down her thongs and sat on a kitchen table, spreading her legs wide, so I could stick my dick in her pussy and fuck her. I didn’t prolong her suffering, sliding my hard cock all the way into her needy cunt in one hard stroke. Girl then turned around and lowered her head so I could throat fuck her. I was sticking it all the way in, and the bitch liked it a lot, which made me even hornier than I was. She pulled up her shirt so I can see her soft, beautiful titties while I was playing with her pussy at the same time. After a few minutes, it was me who lay on the table and let her sat on my dick. Her beautiful, tanned ass was pointed at me. Underneath were the swollen lips of her quivering pussy. Slut knew I wanted my cock inside her badly. She slammed her ass down against me, keeping my cock buried inside her welcoming hole. Hot naked girl was riding it like a wild, nasty cowgirl. As I was spanking her fat ass and calling her a fucking slut, she stroked my cock with her ass cheeks so good that she could go and be a porn star right away. I was playing with her ass hole while she was riding my dick and that she also liked a lot. She sucked my cock for a little more then, and when I finally came into her filthy mouth, she was thanking me for fucking her that good. 