Young and mischievous little slut was out in the city making graffiti. However, she was trespassing and ruining someone else’s property and, unlucky for her, she got discovered by a police officer. Knowing she was in the wrong, naughty hottie cussed at him, threw her spray and started running. She ended up in an abandoned warehouse nearby and found herself trapped. Desperate, she tried to run, but as it turned out, the officer had a partner because she got intercepted by another one. With nowhere to run she got pinned up against the wall for a strip search. As the officer started fondling her and searching her thoroughly, he found out that the teen babe was as naughty and kinky as she was being bad. She got immediately turned on and started pushing her firm ass towards her captor. He cuffed her and removed her skimpy shorts. Teen slut dropped down on her knees, taking a big, rock hard, police boner with her luscious lips. She started slobbering all over it like a pro, bobbing her head back and forth, trying to take as much of his size as possible, choking while deepthroating but still barely fitting half in. The second officer was reluctant at first because he was married but just moments later, he joined them and stuck his cock in her face. There’s nothing this bad girl loves more than stirring up a little trouble, especially when it involves taking on two big cocks! She started sucking at both their cocks, taking both in her mouth. This petite, slim cutie was trapped between two huge shafts, taking turns swallowing both of them with her face all messy from spit and precum spilling over. She had her perky tits and her smooth shaved pussy out as she was gagging on their dicks before the cops removed her cuffs so that she could jerk them off as well. Such intense and rough oral foreplay made her lose her mind with horniness and left her pussy aching for relentless pounding.   Still in the warehouse, hidden from everyone’s view, she found herself spit-roasted by her captors. Naked teen was being bent over while standing, with one guy firmly holding her hips and ramming her doggy style while the other held her head and fucked her throat just as hard. She had her brains fucked out but she still kept asking and begging for more. Wanting to try her in every way possible, the officers went to the nearby couch where they continued with a hardcore threesome, hammering their two throbbing dicks deep inside her cunt, fucking her through her orgasm. She moaned with each entry, ramming her cute little ass back to meet every thrust. They just kept going harder and harder, trying out every position possible. Naked girl was lying down, taking turns riding both of them, and getting ravaged in more exotic positions while being held up or firmly pressed down. Kinky perp ended up completely destroyed by two schlongs and her pussy was pulsating from numerous leg-shaking orgasms when cops finally reached their limits and plastered her beautiful face and her tight, petite body with massive loads of hot, white, sticky jizz.