Lavish ebony MILF was having some trouble with her horny stepson. She kept constantly running into him masturbating and was unable to ignore it. At one point, he found her working in the kitchen and, unable to contain himself at the sight of her luscious, curvaceous body and at the sight of the sexy spandex leggings that she was wearing. He pounced at her from behind and started pulling her tight pants down. That was when he crossed the line. However, lucky for him, stepmom had decided she wanted to give him a lesson. Hot black mama pushed him firmly against the wall before making him lie on the ground and jumping on top of him. Still wearing her tight pants, this curvy ebony babe placed her amazing, big, bubbly ass on his face and started going up and down, teasing both him and herself. That playful fooling around got her turned on even more so naughty mommy stood up and started slowly undressing. Even while she was gently removing her top and bra, revealing a pair of massive, supple breasts, he could stop himself from humping her leg and eagerly rubbing her all over through clothes. Finally, the mature black hottie was topless so she went down on her knees in front of her horny stepson and pulled his rock hard, big, black cock out. He was rushing to hold her head and vigorously fuck her face but she was in control and wanted to do it at her own pace. It didn’t take long for his schlong to end up glistening with her saliva as she was passionately slobbering all over it.   Sexy black woman held the shaft firmly, teasing it and jerking off while swallowing as much of it with her lusty mouth, with his precum and her spit spilling all over. Having enjoyed such intense cocksucking, he wanted more of her and she was willing to give it to him. Thick mommy finally stood up, undressed completely naked, and bent over the kitchen counter. He didn’t need any more convincing so he just placed the tip of his black dick next to her dripping cunt and forced himself all the way in. Just moments later, he was drilling her pulsating pussy balls deep and hardcore, ramming her with his hips while holding her and shoving her back at him. Her massive breasts were jiggling back and forth and he’d grab them to squeeze and play with them and even suck on the nipples every now and then. After long and relentless doggy style pounding, they took a towel and went on the floor where he first ravaged her in missionary position, spreading her legs far apart and watching her thick curves bounce left and right as he impaled her. Wanting to take the initiative over, mommy jumped on top of him and mounted his throbbing rod in a cowgirl position. Once there, she rode him rough shoving her huge breasts in his face, experiencing orgasm after orgasm until he finally reached his limits and sprayed her incredible body full of his thick loads of cum.