Ever since I was a teenager, I was so intrigued by sex that I knew that one day, my job and profession would be somehow related to it. That I wasn’t mistaking proves the fact that now, in the early thirties, I sell sex machines to women. I like my job, cause every time I am supposed to meet my client, I can be sure a woman is desperate for sex. Little do their husbands know that the source of their wives excitement is Sybian, a sex machine designed by sex therapists, and sometime my big dick that hammers their pussies making them cream. One day when I went to sell a new model of Sybian saddle to a rich girl who lives in a villa. I brought it to her home, and since we were alone, she wanted to try it in front of me. I turned it on, and she sat on it, leaving her clothes and her panties on. She was so pleased by the machine that she told me her pussy has never been that wet. She was squirting and shaking in pleasure, her pussy juices were spraying all over. She even had to slip her panties and stick her fingers into her wet pussy, cause she got incredibly horny at a sudden. The next thing I know, we were both naked on the couch, and my tongue was deep into her cunt. She had such a sweet, juicy pussy and such a perfect body that I couldn’t believe she has troubles in finding a sex partner. I grabbed her tiny ass with my hands, and while I stuck my face into her cunt, she put her legs around my neck. The babe had such adorable feet and beautiful white-colored nails. After I pleased her enough, she wanted to suck my cock, a hard, big cock, not her husband’s little pecker!   She grabbed it with her beautiful hand, and as I was pulling her hair and pushing her head onto my cock, she was stroking it, sucking it and making noises which were such a turn-on for me. I banged her on a couch for a while before I lay on the floor, and she rode my dick. In fact, she had not had an orgasm with her husband over a year. Her pussy was so sensitive and so swollen with blood. She began screaming with pleasure as her pussy began to spasm, trying to clamp down on the thick cock that was thrusting in and out. She was screaming, there was only the overwhelming pleasure. Her legs were shaking, her body was jerking. I sat on the sofa, and hot babe sat on my cock by turning her back to me. She was riding it like a wild, naked cowgirl. I also fucked her in the doggy style and slapped her cute, nude, sluty ass as much as I wanted. The look in her eyes was telling me that I can do whatever I want with her. I began cumming into her pussy, shooting hot cum into her body, she began to cum around my cock. Naked babe lay there on the floor, her body still spasming with the aftermath of her orgasm, watching blobs of thick white cum leaking out of her cunt.