This girl is emptying the washing machine when she pulls out a dress that’s been ruined by the machine. She immediately starts to panic. Her new roommate peeks into the room and asks what’s wrong. Panicking, she tries to explain but her friend quietly tries to assure her that everything’s okay and she’s not mad. Her roommate opens her arms, silently offering a hug, and she relaxes and makes the first move, tentatively cuddling into her. She goes on to say that she knows her EX had a short temper… but she will NEVER EVER hurt her. A comforting kiss between the girls lingers and soon leads to more. She won’t let anyone ever hurt her friend again. And little by little, the girls take their shirts off, and they start to suck on each other’s boobies. Even that isn’t enough, because they continue to kiss to lick each other until their panties magically disappear. And that’s where the real fun starts. Soon after, the blonde girlfriend goes down on her shy brunette friend and starts licking on her pussy. Her cunt is a little bit hairy, but it is an excellent cut. And it looks juicy, so her friend obviously enjoys it. Her boyfriend must have never kissied her there and never licked out her beautiful pussy, she just wanted her to suck his prick and now her new friend is going to show her what love, and making love, is all about. Her tongue is caressing her pussy lips and her clitoris and, yes, it is true that women know how give oral satisfaction better than men. Then she crawls and straddles roommate’s face, lowering her pussy onto her face, feeling her tongue in her pussy. She starts grinding into her, holding her head tightly to her crotch and coating her face with her love juice. But their sudden sex doesn’t go one way only – it changes. So soon, the naked girls switch positions, and it is the brunette that is drowning in pussy. But, even that sweet, juicy, delicious pussy isn’t enough for her. So, the girls just start rubbing each other, and pretty soon, they find themselves in a fantastic 69. It is full of rubbing, fingering, and pussy licking. Their lips perfectly fit on those pussies, and they just suck on them like they’re candy. Of course, that leads to both of them having an orgasm. 