This dude has to be one of the luckiest men alive. He has the hottest girlfriend and she loves doing chores around the house. The only problem is that she is a bit of a slut. This means that she can’t go on for too long without wearing some kind of skimpy outfit and teasing him with her sexy body. This babe has the loveliest body, her legs and ass are just perfect, she has the most beautiful boobs in the world. The most fuckable face and body combination! She had this sexy top on which showed off her cleavage perfectly. She also went for a very skimpy skirt that showed off most of her big juicy ass. Her ass was almost completely revealed in this outfit and the dude just couldn’t control himself. He told her to get on her knees which she did. She is actually a very obedient little girlfriend and she will do whatever she is told. At first she pulled out her boobs and started tweaking her nipples with both hands, rubbing her gorgeous breasts and smiling. Amazing large natural breasts with large areola! Then she took out his cock and put it between her boobs, massaging his cock with them. She started sliding her tits up and down his cock furiously. Finally he told her to start going at it. Kissing up along his shaft he watched as his beautiful sexy girlfriend put lips over the head of his cock. She licks all over his hard prick and balls. She also caresses his big balls with her hand. She rubs her sweet lips and tongue all over his rock hard cock. His girlfriend is very wonderful at sucking his cock. She loves feeling his cock in her mouth, tasting him, teasing him. Then she turned around, bent over and hiked up her skirt, revealing her big ass. She lowered her ass onto his cock and it slowly disappeared between her luscious big buttocks into her wet pussy. She likes this position and immediately began to move her ass up and down over the hard pole inside her, grinding her pelvis back and forth and in circular motions. She was moving that fat ass faster, taking more of his cock on every stroke. Blonde picked up the tempo and soon her ass cheeks were slapping against his thighs with every thrust. She kept going, slamming herself down on his cock.   Blonde got on her knees and began jerking him up and down with one hand as her other hand massaged his cum filled balls. It was too much for him and he came hard, covering her lips with his creamy spunk. His hot girlfriend smiled as she licked the white goo from her lips that looked like cum mustache. She took the head of his cock in her mouth and kept pumping him, milking his dick onto her tongue. A little bit later she got horny again, she bent over and spread her ass cheeks and the dude rammed his cock into her cunt. He was slamming into her gorgeous body, making those massive tits bounce. His girlfriend moaned and pushed her ass back against him to meet his thrusts. Doggy style wasn’t the only thing that he did to her, he fucked her missionary as well. She brought the crewneck down to reveal both of her huge tits. It was perfect as the opening for the neck actually stabilized her tits and it even made them bouncier as the dude rammed her pussy over and over again. They were both enjoying it so much that they didn’t know how much longer they could endure without orgasming. The chick went first because the dude can keep fucking her while she orgasms. In the end, however, the dude couldn’t hold it in any longer and he came all over her tight pussy. After all that he let her go and finish up her chores which she gladly did as she was fantasizing about their next hardcore fuck session together that they would film together.