Two sluty girlfriends were bored one day, so they decided to make naughty selfies together and put it on Instagram. The girls were both wearing very short jeans’ shorts and pink, soft blouses. Since that wasn’t sluty enough for them, the sexy babes both took off their shorts and started taking selfies with their naked asses. Soon, they unveiled their tits too. By the way, both of them look very pretty and attractive, and they go to high school together. The girls both have slim bodies, pretty faces, adorable asses, and nice tits, and such beautiful nails. One is redhead, and she seems to be the dominant one, while the other is brunette, and she likes being a submissive bitch who obeys to orders. As the half naked girls were doing their shooting, they were joined by a new guy from school, who looks very pretty and handsome. Like real sluts that they are, they invited him to come over so they could fuck him together. He wasn’t expecting that, but he soon got along with it. The girls asked him to record them on his cell phone while they suck his cock, which he agreed to do with pleasure. One of the girls stuck the dong into her mouth straight away, while the other one grabbed her head and pushed it on the cock, getting it down her filthy whore throat. When the brunette one started giving a blowjob, the redhead slut started spitting on the balls and then licking it all up. The sluts had mastered the art of deep throating! Very soon, the girls were ready to fuck. The naked girls lied on each other in a 69 position, with the brunette one on top. She’s the one who was getting fucked first, while the redhead whore licked the balls as she lay on her back on the floor. The lucky guy pounded his dick into one girl’s cunt all while his balls were rubbing against her friend’s face.   Oh just imagine, two naughty girls with two tight, teenage cunts itching for a fucking! You are fucking one pussy with your balls are rubbing back and forth all over the other girl’s face, her mouth, nose and her forehead. Fuck yeah! When the brunette got fucked enough, the guy lay on the floor, and the hot naked redhead sat on his cock in a reversed cowgirl position. While she was riding the dick, her slutty friend spat on her filthy naked ass like a whore and the spit drained from her ass hole, over her cunt, to the dick that was banging her. Her round, pale ass cheeks were slightly red from the spanking. The brunette even licked the redhead’s ass while she was fucking, and she stuck her tongue in like a good fucking whore. Later the two sluts changed places, but while the brunette was fucking, the redhead spanked her cute ass and slapped her tits, asking her does she likes being a dirty little slut. Of course, she does. With the head of his cock into the brunette’s cunt, the redhead grabbed the shaft, jerking it off with her hand. When the redhead got fucked again, the brunette unloosed a little bit, so she also started calling her friend a whore and slapping her tits, and she even stuck her fingers into redhead’s mouth. The girls were both so nasty and horny. The brunette even started to squirt all over his dick! Just imagine fucking two of the hottest prom queens which you had huge crushes on, until you blasted stream after thick stream of hot, gooey cum all over their pretty faces, in their mouths and hair, on their tits and bodies… While his dick was still hard, the naked girls took the cell phone and made a selfie in which was seen that they sit naked on the floor, with cum on their face. “Job is done”, they wrote and posted it.