Slim pretty teen came to see a doctor one day cause once when she was masturbating, lots of liquid came out of her pussy. The teen girl was sure she was having an issue “down there” and her gynecologist, who is a gorgeous-looking MILF, insisted to examine her there. The girl nervously lied down and spread her legs. The doctor beganto examine her pussy area. As she was touching her young sensitive pussy, the girl’s reactions seemed to be getting stronger and stronger. The doctor leaned in between her legs to get a closer look and suddenly a jet of squirt was unleashed from her vagina, blasting a shocked doctor in the face!!! The girl started screaming from the pleasure, and squirted so much that it seemed like she took a piss. The squirt went all over the doctor’s face and into her mouth open in surprise. She told her that it is female ejaculation and that it is perfectly normal and no cause for concern, while at the same time, she took her wet topcoat off and stayed only in her bra. She continued with touching the girl’s pussy and made her cum again. The the doctor lowered her tongue to her patient’s clit. Looks like she needs a CLOSER examination! The doctor started licking the girl’s young cunt, stuck her tongue into her wet slit, sucking up her juices. Teen girl had never felt anything like it and she writhed under the woman’s mouth, grinding her hips into the doctor’s face. She kept lapping all over her swollen pussy, making her cum in her mouth again. It was evident that it has nothing to do with the examination any more, and the girls both just want to have crazy lesbian sex. The very next moment, they were both completely naked, and the doctor licked her patient’s cunt and ass hole with her tongue at the same time.   The doctor fingered her tight, shaved pussy before she sat on the bench next to young chick and started scissoring with her. Their wet squirting pussies were rubbing against each other, bumping and grinding together, the juices flowing over their legs. Nothing hotter than watching two naked girls rub their clits against each other. After long and sensual “pussy to pussy” kissing, the girls swapped into the 69 position, so that each one could lick the other one’s cunt at the same time. The lesbians were both so horny and voluptuous. However, it was evident that the doctor, as the older one, was dominating the young babe. She arched her naked ass up in the air and made the girl stick her sluty tongue into her butt hole. She also made her lick her hairy pussy again, encouraging her by saying that she is not so bad for a beginner. The girl pushed her tongue deep into her gash, pressing her mouth lips to her pussy lips, eating her out like she was starving. Suddenly, when the young girl looked in front of her, she suffered a huge shock. The office door accidentally got open, and the bunch of people who were waiting to be examined couldn’t believe what they were seeing inside. Some of them were mad cause they realized why they are waiting for so long, but most of them were hoping that they will also have such treatment by this filthy nasty doctor. Both sluts, old and young, got ashamed a little bit, but they were both so horny, that they actually didn’t give a fuck people saw them. Dont miss all these crazy squirting lesbian videos!