This sexy woman was recently divorced and to celebrate she’s got a new pair of fantastic-looking tits! Her son came home with his buddy, and the boy couldn’t keep his eyes off her enormous new boobs! MILF had a short, red dress and boobs so big like she implanted two soccer balls in her breasts. She also has a big mouth and a cock-sucking face, and as soon as she saw her son’s friend, she started teasing him. As two teenage guys were playing video games, the horny mom put her hands on her son’s friend’s shoulders, leaned over him, and planted his face between her amazing tits and shook them. Her big tits were slapping on each side of his face. The boy had the most instantaneous erection he had ever had. Horny mom saw it and without wasting time, she took the head in her mouth, bobbing up and down, working his teenage cock from all angles. Suddenly her son asked her to make them some sandwiches, which she agreed to do and invited her son’s friend to “help her”. As soon as they walked into the kitchen, she showed him her big booty ass. The guy’s dick was so hard that he started fucking her immediately. She was so wet that his hard cock slid inside her slick, wet pussy easily. The MILF put her left leg over the bar, and while he was banging her from the back, she did start making sandwiches! With sour cream, mustard, ham, everything. She then lied on the bar and pulled her thong aside! The boy was struggling with the decision on how far he should go with his friend’s mother. He could smell the sweet aroma of sex that was given off by her wet cunt as his face moved closer to her crotch. He kissed her pussy lips and began licking her clit. She groaned with pleasure as she reached down with her hands to hold his head, cumming in his mouth. Then he ordered him to fuck her in that pose too. In the meantime, she took off her shoes and remained barefoot, placing her left foot above his shoulder. She lay on the floor, and the guy tit-fucked her, while for the whole time, she kept her whore mouth open for the dick to come in. The woman was already entirely naked and stayed only in her sluty blue thongs. Her new bigger tits and an amazing ass were delicious. Beautiful naked woman was riding the young dick for some more and gave him a blowjob again, after which he came in her mouth and on her tits. She got dressed and brought the sandwiches like nothing happened. 