This kind of stuff doesn’t happen even in The Walking Dead! The usual apocalypse goes with the start of zombies, or the aliens come and ruin the world. But, in this sci-fi anthology adult series, you get a different setup. We see a couple, while they kiss, a shower of satellites streaks the sky behind them before tumbling to earth and exploding. So, three months later, we see them, they survived. There was no GPS, internet or electricity. They look like crap, and they’re just looking for a place where they can find some supplies. As they continued their journey, they found a house. They went to the front door and entered. Guarding his girlfriend, he slowly opened the door to reveal a library with several oil lamps burning. In the middle of the floor, was a pile of tuna cans. Their eyes went wide, and they pounced on them. This was more food than they had had in weeks. As they tried to chew them open and bang them against the floor, a man, dressed in clean tactical clothes and with a gun stepped out. He told them to freeze. The man asked them what they knew. Nervously, they replied that it might had been an asteroid or a nuclear attack. The man slowly put the gun down. ‘I believe it was Kessler Syndrome.’ The man reached into his pocket and pulled out a can opener. The girl freaked out and reacheed for the opener, when the man pulled his hand away. ‘I’ll give this to you if you let me fuck your pussy!’. The guy told him that his girlfriend was not for sale. ‘Just a few minutes in exchange for a whole week’s worth of food’, he said calmly. ‘Just calm down and listen … food is getting harder to find. He’s going to give us water too. Life isn’t like it used to be’ she slapped her boyfriend. They need the food. Old rules don’t apply. She must do it. ‘If you give my boyfriend the cans and the opener first, then I’ll do it,’ she negotiated. ‘He won’t leave without me.’ The man smiled. He told the girl to strip while he carried the gun back to his curtain. Then the girl slowly got down on her knees. She started to suck the older man. She did it slowly, as she was pretty scared, but it still looked so hot. The man then made her take her clothes off, and pretty soon, he was naked as well. After getting sucked off by her, he wanted to play with her young pussy as well.   Naked girl rolled over onto her back with her knees in the air and legs spread wide. He moved his mouth toward her and closed over her pussy shoving his tongue into her wetness. He lapped at her teen pussy as he fingered her with two fingers. Then the old pervert guided his prick into her wet pussy, pushing deep, all the way into her moist, throbbing cunt. Her sweet, tight pussy felt so good – so warm, pulsing, grabbing his cock. He hadn’t had sex with a woman for so long. He wanted to fuck her, deep and hard, he wanted to fuck the shit out of her, fuck her pussy and her mouth, cum in all her holes as much as he wanted. He did it in multiple ways. He pulled the young naked girl up onto her knees and entered her from behind. He absolutely loved how wet she was. She liked it too and she even started to thrust back into him, making him fuck her harder. He did some riding with her, and it was fantastic. You could see her ass bouncing up and down on his cock. Then, the man made her suck him off once again. Only, instead of being gentle with her, he grabbed her head and slammed her throat right on his cock, filling it full. That wasn’t the end of it, so he fucked her in the doggy style as well. He was just filling her pussy until she couldn’t fuck him anymore, and until they both came. He pulled out, cum leaking out of her slit. After he emptied his balls into her pussy, he let her go, but where was her boyfriend? Future Darkly is an award-winning sci-fi anthology adult series. These fantasy sex videos provide an exhilarating dose of dark science fiction and explores how our addictions to sex and technology can warp even the most virginal of people, turning them into perverts.