The best thing about hardcore sex is comparing the chick before and after everything is over with. This redhead is an opera singer and she knows how to hit the high notes every time. The only time she has a problem with this is when she is getting fucked hard and her pitch goes all over the place. In this fuck session, she gets paired up with a tattooed dude with a big cock who can’t wait to fuck this beautiful blue-eyed redhead like she’s nothing more than just another slut. She is brought down to the status of a little slut who can’t do without sex. If you don’t believe that, look at the way she dresses for this encounter. She busts out the sexiest lingerie combination and drops down to her knees faster than someone who tripped over something. Then she takes his dick and stuffs it down her throat like it’s a marshmallow. She can’t stop herself from sucking on it and it’s obvious that she needs sex a lot more than a regular babe. She gargles her tea as she gargles the dude’s balls. That’s when the dude feels like she has shown her real face to him, and it was time for her to show her real face to everyone. The way he was going to expose her for the slut she is, is by fucking her harder than anyone has fucked her before. He takes her and drills her from every angle, from behind and especially when this crazy redhead is on top of him. He rams his big cock into her pussy to his balls, driving into her cunt so hard he lifts her hips up with the force of the impact. She is grinding her pussy hard against his crotch as she rocks up and down the full length of his cock. This redhead slut is grinding her clit so hard that the sight of her workout will make you explode! Sit and enjoy the sight of her beautiful tits, her luscious ass and the tuft of red hair that covers her pussy. Her hand furiously rubs her clit to a squirting orgasm! After the orgasm with a loud moan she impales her squirting cunt back down on his cock in one swift movement, and keeps jumping up and down. Her makeup is smeared, her face is full of spit, and at the end of it she gets some cum on it on top of all that as a finisher. 