Another grand scene with the amazing stud Jordi this time with the two magnificent delicious hotties. This dude make me laugh every time I see him Ik it is gonna be a good one. This young and horny dude was having fun at an outdoor pool, fooling around and watching all kinds of beautiful chicks in skimpy bikinis. However, once he spotted two incredible, gorgeous, and busty lifeguards, he had to devise a plan to get closer to them. Wanting to grab their attention any way possible, he jumped into the pool and quickly started “drowning”. Quick to respond, both hotties immediately jumped after him and pulled him out of the water. While giving him CPR, babes noticed a massive dick poking out of his swimming trunks, barely staying inside. Both blonde and redhead agreed they’d prefer to give mouth-to-mouth to his schlong so they simply pulled his shorts down and started slobbering all over it. The redhead was the first to place her luscious lips on the tip of his cock while blonde started kissing the shaft. Wanting to swallow more of it and see how much could she fit down her throat, redhead started going deeper while blonde watched patiently, waiting her turn. After making the shaft all wet and slippery, she gave it to her friend and watched her take a turn on it. Both babes were sucking him off passionately, hungry for his meat, and they were soon ready to go further. Their pussies were already dripping wet just from blowing him so, without needing any more foreplay, sexy lifeguards were ready to ride him hardcore. Again, the redhead was the first one on his dick. This time, however, she sat on it in reverse cowgirl and impaled herself all the way down, right off the bat, feeling his massive boner slide in her pulsating snatch effortlessly. Not wanting to waste any time, the blonde went behind and sat on his face, rubbing herself off of his tongue.   Both hotties were moaning in pleasure, feeling immense satisfaction at the same time. Wanting to spice things up, the naked lifeguard girls started switching and changing positions. The fiery redhead went on her knees and the guy grabbed her from behind. As he was pounding her doggy style, her huge breasts were jiggling back and forth while the blonde caressed her friend and waited for her turn on his rod. Being good girlfriends, they soon switched and now the hot blonde was having her aching pussy rammed from behind. She even took the initiative over and made him stand still, twerking on his cock and riding him herself before she pulled out for both of them to suck him off again, this time tasting their pussy juiced while deepthroating him relentlessly. From there on out, they went at each other as hard as possible. Both babes continued taking turns on his rock hard rod while teasing and licking each other any time they’d get the chance. Both stacked bimbos came multiple times on his young cock, moaning and screaming in pleasure but their insatiable sexual appetites made them kept riding him until he eventually reached his limits and pulled out plastering their incredible bodies and slutty faces full with his big, messy load. Jordi and his big dick gets all the hottest women, lucky big dick bastard.