Well, this fella was a little bit shocked. His father just decided to skip town and marry some new bimbo with massive boobs that is just a trophy wife. He stared at her for a moment, and she watched his eyes slip down the neckline of her blouse. She was a very beautiful woman, she was very well clothed, very nice skirt and blouse. She was pretty and had amazing boobs! He just couldn’t get his eyes off of her. But, this MILF decided to play it subtle. When this dude and his stepmom were left alone, she asked him to give her a quick massage. This dude obviously obliged, but pretty soon, instead of massaging her, he moved his hands around her big beautiful tits. Might as well take off the bra and get more comfortable! She noticed that instead of her back, he focused on her breasts, massaging them with his hands, rubbing and kneading them. Her nipples were like pebbles beneath his fingers, yet her breasts were soft and supple. The dude began sniffing her neck and hair. That was a perverted thing, but this MILF tied hiding the fact that she was into it. While massaging her ass cheeks he just tore her nylons and after that the woman just could no longer control her desires. She just grabbed his cock and told him to massage her tits with it. She then pushed her breasts together around his cock to give him a sloppy titty fuck. He rocked between her big tits, and started thrusting faster. The hot naked woman looked down at his cock and her mouth instinctively opened. She couldn’t control her urge to wrap her lips around his juicy cock. She then took his balls in her mouth and alternated between rolling her tongue around them and smoothly sucking on them. He pushed her onto the bed, crawled up over her belly and sat on her tits to feed her his cock. He was fucking her mouth holding her head with both hands and she was pushing her tits together with her hands. His balls were rubbing all over her tits.   She started to suck him off, and pretty soon again, he throat-fucked her, and she struggled to handle it. “God I want to put my cock into you” He could feel his cock throb in her mouth and desperately hoped that he wouldn’t shoot his load before he even had a chance to fuck her. Naked woman opened her legs and without hesitation he pushed his cock into her cunt. Vagina walls sucked him in until his balls touched her ass. Her legs wrapped around his waist and pulled him deeper. He started moving in and out of her. He fucked her like a fucking champ. He was pounding into her wet cunt with all his strength. He flipped his stepmother over until she was on her hands and knees with her head buried in the pillows and fucked her from behind. The MILF was hungry for some good banging, and that’s what she was going to get, by all means. So, the hot naked woman started to jump on his cock like a wild little girl, and she loved it. She was totally dominated by this dude and his ultra mega chad presence. She didn’t even consider the fact that he’s her stepson anymore, and she just bounced on his dick like it was the most excellent sausage in the universe. He did not miss the opportunity to reach her tits, squeezing and fondling them. Of course, they switched poses as well. They went from riding, to some good missionary, with her stepson grabbing her massive tits. She loved that even more, so she decided once again to swallow his enormous penis. This time, she also gave him a tit job with her oily tits. After that, they kept on with the riding, and they did cowgirl and reverse cowgirl as well. Pretty soon, he was once again balls deep inside of her, missionary style, but this time, he was ready to cum. So he just busted all over her tits and this MILF was happy. Her massive beautiful tits and chin looked amazing blasted with cum when she was caught cheating on.