Petite and adorable Riley had a friend staying for a sleepover. The friend, Luna, was this bombastic, exotic hottie and girls were very close. When Riley’s boyfriend brought sheets to make the couch for Luna to sleep on she objected, noting that he should be a gentleman and let the girls sleep in a bed while he should be the one taking the couch. Reluctantly, he agreed and babes went to the bedroom. They undressed and got into something much more comfortable but they were far from being ready to sleep. The girls did lie down but, as soon as they found themselves up close, face to face, Riley jumped at Luna and started kissing her passionately. Just moments later, horny naked girls were kneeling in front of each other, making out and sucking on each other’s breasts. Luna moaned in pleasure while having her big, round tits kissed and squeezed just as Riley enjoyed having her perky tits pleasured. All of that was just the beginning and busty Luna soon found herself lying on the bed. Her legs were spread wide and her girlfriend had her wet tongue buried deep inside her aching pussy. She was vigorously slobbering all over her cunt. All that noise woke the boyfriend up so he came to see what was going on but both girls pretended to be asleep. Being a naughty pervert that he is, he snuck into the bed and lied between them. In silent agreement, hotties decided to prank him. Curvaceous Luna started fondling his throbbing schlong and was soon sucking it hard while his girlfriend waited patiently, still pretending to be asleep. After sloppy and hardcore cock sucking, babe mounted his schlong and, just as she started impaling herself balls deep in reverse cowgirl, Riley “woke up” and started yelling at them. Not knowing what to do, the cheating boyfriend was hopelessly defending his actions. Luckily for him, babes were losing their mind with horniness and wanted to do much more than just teasing him. Moments later, he had two breathtaking ladies relentlessly gag on his veiny cock. Cuties were taking turns swallowing his whole size, making sure he was rock hard and all slippery so he could fuck them both. His girlfriend was the first one to have her trimmed snatch hammered. While she was lying on her back he was drilling her pussy and her friend was sitting on her face, grinding herself off of her tongue. That lusty triangle soon changed and now Riley was the one riding her girlfriend’s face while she was being pounded. Being good friends who share everything, naked girls kept taking turns on his rod while playing with each other, rubbing and fingering themselves, enhancing the pleasure. He hammered both of them in every position imaginable and made them cum multiple times moaning and screaming in pleasure until he finally reached his limits and pulled out shooting thick loads of cum hot all over them. 