When this man got invited to lunch for his birthday, he got the “Big Booty Special” from a waitress. What he immediately liked was the waitress as she didn’t have panties. Instead of a dish, young babe offered him her naked ass that he oiled up before sucking it. She literally let him toss her salad right there through the table! Thankfully, the slut returned the favor quickly, as he started to fuck her throat. While other girls before her couldn’t handle rough sex, she was different. While sucking him, she was fingering her pussy, knowing that it would be tested. The titty fucking with a bra was soo hot! While still stroking his shaft with her squeezed-together tits, the waitress licked and slurped at his cock head. Even though they were in a public place, it didn’t seem like they care if they would get caught. Busty slut was finally naked, showing her magnificent boobs, as her lover got directly in her asshole, feeling her sphincter gripping his cock as it slid back and forth. Now he was fucking her arse long, hard, and deep while she was squirting. Juice squirted from her ass and there was a sucking sound as the cock quickly pounded her asshole. This already looked like the best birthday present he ever got, as this waitress loved being a sex toy and let him do anything to her. While fucked doggy style, the anal slut was almost about to cry. It was a painful experience, but there was no way she would ever let him stop. She knew that her anal hole needed a workout, and this fat dick would help that a lot. As she was playing with her clit, her only wish was for him to continue doing it. His thighs slapping the cheeks of her arse as his cock filled her ass completely. They only made short breaks for ass to mouth action. As they continued their anal sex experience, this anal slut was now on top of him, riding him cowgirl style, slamming her asshole hard down onto his hard cock. Love watching those phat oiled up cheeks jiggle when she’s bouncing on his schlong. After going inside her reverse cowgirl, it was finally time for a beautiful ass cream pie! He gave this slut the ass fucking she wanted. 