It seems that this detective is a bit of a conundrum. He is taking statements from two college kids, and they are the exact diametric opposites of each other. One of them is lying, but the detective can’t figure out who it is. The gorgeous teen babe says that the frat guy came onto her at the party. She said that he was really aggressive and that he really wanted to fuck her. The dude had a completely different story, with the bitch being the one who wanted to have sex, and she wanted it back. According to him, the chick immediately started talking to him at this house party and she was horny just by looking at him. She slipped her hand down his pants wrapping her hand around his cock, sliding her small hand up and down the shaft. This seems a bit strange to the detective, but the dude is pretty conventionally attractive and buff, so he gives him a pass there. The chick, however, said that he wanted to show her around the house and he took her to the bedroom. There he pulled her panties off andbegan kissing her right there, forcing his tongue into her vagina. Of course, as you’d expect, this wasn’t what the dude said. He said that she wanted his tasty cock while she was rubbing down his body and his pants. According to him, the bitch was wet and horny the moment she got to that house party. They continued to kiss as the little whore unbuttoned his pants and pulled out his cock. With both hands wrapped around his shaft, she started jerking him off as they made out, stroking his dong into her beautiful mouth. The feeling of his dick in her mouth turned her on so much that she soaked right through her panties. What was he supposed to do? That damn bitch didn’t even remove her skirt, just slipped her panties off and sat on his face. She began rubbing her cunt all over his face and at the same time she sucked his cock. He just had no choice when she stood up over him, lowered herself to her knees and positioned her soaked twat over his manhood. Then the horny slut guided the head towards her opening and sank down onto it. He could not believe his ears, her words inspiring him to fuck her harder and get raunchy. “Come on, fuck me, fuck my little cunt!” She arched her back. “Fuck me harder! Give it to me! Give it to me!” Her pussy gripped his hard cock. “Oh my god, I’m cumming. I’m cumming!” Her delirious words urged him to pound her from behind faster and harder.   The girl exploded in a huge orgasm, her pussy squeezing his cock. At the end of the day, the evidence shows that they definitely did have sex, and there are so many different ways in which it could have gone down. The chick says that she was a bit hesitant with it but gave in at the end. He just rammed her after that however he could. She said to the detective that he had used her as a whore, fucking her brutally, cumming on her face. However, the other side of the story that the dude accounts for was that the damn slut pushed him onto the bed and immediately started sucking on his dick. She rode him like a whore! The bitch seemed to be more than willing to get fucked hard by him. She took his cock doggy style and she absolutely loved it, at least according to what the guy was telling the detective here. After playing with his balls for a while, she again swallowed his cock inside her wet, warm mouth to its base. There is definitely evidence to believe that she is an absolute slag just by looking at her and what she was wearing that night, but she says that she just does that to boost her confidence. Who is telling the truth and who is trying to lead the detective astray? At the end of the day, it’s on the viewer to decide which story is the correct one here. It’s unbelievable how often this happens in real life. Thank you PureTaboo for continuing to push porn forward with storylines like these. This was brilliantly written, produced, and performed. The deliciously beautiful Emily Willis was equally hot as the timid innocent and as the aggressive party slut. And the camera work didn’t waste a moment of the titillating sex scenes. If you’re the kind of person who wants to see the girl become aggressive and dominant – you’re covered.