Her girlfriends are telling her that she is crazy, but she can’t help it. A barely legal brunette student is obsessed with dicks and loves giving blowjobs to boys in school. Still, her biggest wish is to fuck, and an older man and her teacher seem like the perfect choice. She has a massive crush on him. She always flirted with him, but now she needs to do something more about it. After the end of another school day, she sneaks into his house, but it feels like he is not around. Obsessed with everything about him, she goes through his clothes, before realizing that he is coming back. As he goes to take a shower, she stays in his bedroom while releasing her big tits and legs while playing with her clit. When he comes back and finds this busty babe humping his pillow, huge titties out and bouncing, with his shirt in her mouth. Her teacher is appalled about her behavior, but she won’t be discovered. Now that she is here for him, there is no way he could refuse a chance to bang her little pussy and lick her young big tits. Of course, it’s wrong and forbidden, but how many professors have a chance like this. Plus, her giant juggs feel irresistible to him! This girl has the biggest tits for a 18 year old that you have ever seen. Oh yes a perfect pair of large tits with huge round areolas! The young hot teen girl spreads her legs for her teacher and then pushes his head to her pussy with her legs saying:- “Please lick my clit” Would you be able to say no to a horny girl who begs you to lick her pussy? Once he decides to give it a try, he starts by eating her pussy, licking her smooth slit and sucking on her clitty. At that moment, she almost started crying happy tears, while promising herself that she won’t disappoint him. Busty teen starts well but deepthroating his shaft before he fucks her throat. His dick is enormous, and things get messy, but this is the way she likes it. The brunette student even gives him a titjob. He puts his throbbing tool between her succulent tits, squeezes them together and starts to slide his cock between them. She is watching as his cockhead peeking out from between her boobs.   Busty schoolgirl cann’t believe she is titty fucking her teacher’s cock and wishing he will fuck her pussy too. Then it’s finally the time for what she dreamed about. Sexy teen gets on all fours sticking her plump ass up nice and high for him. The teacher’s dick is inside her pussy for the first time. He pushes it into her body feeling the warm slickness of her young 18 year old pussy. He starts rough, knowing that she can take, and her sounds of pleasure only motivate him to continue his mission. While slapping her ass from behind, he continues hammering her. The girl begs her teacher to fuck her pussy until he cums in her lovely mouth. They have the whole day to try whatever they want, as this young bitch could fuck for hours. When a rod is inside her missionary style, the view is perfect since her gorgeous tits are bouncing like crazy. Her innocent face only motivates him to go deeper while shutting her mouth. Things are out of control by now, just like she wanted. She is becoming a teacher’s pet, but this has nothing to do with her grades. Even if she didn’t take her classes, young babe would love to taste his shaft. As she is riding him reverse cowgirl style, she cums once again, having already lost the count about the number of orgasms she had. Younger guys have no clue what to do, but the experience of her older lover makes her feel so good. That is why she wants to try anything, including cowgirl style riding, while she plays with her clit. The ending needs to be perfect, and that is why she is sticking her tongue out as he is stroking his boner and spreading loads of cum on her cute face. He has shoot so much sperm that it overflows out of her lips, dripping down onto her tits. There is no doubt that there will be more lessons!