Sauna babe seems to be looking for trouble as she takes off her towel while another dude is in there with her. Fully naked she opened her legs, slowly with one hand, reached down to her clit and started rubbing in circles. Girl played with her round tits and her fat pussy, moaning as she got off right in front of this stranger, trying to seduce him. She wanted his cock and his muscular body and it was not hard to get it. Just when she showed her tits to him he immediately got hard like any normal person. Naked girl slowly removed his towel, revealing his hard as rock erection. A hard cock was right against her mouth! She moved closer, her mouth opened and his amazing cock slid into her wet hungry mouth. He pushed deeply, forcing it deep into her throat. He fucked her mouth so hard that her eyes went to the back of her head. Her hand grasped his throbbing cock and began to stroke it firmly, squeezing the head while her other hand massaged his aching balls. Hot babe was ready to get a good portion of hot cum in her mouth when something happened that she weren’t expecting. An employee of the sauna, an 18 year old teen girl, saw them and they freaked out. After they caught that innocent and nerdy teen towel girl sneaking around they draw her into their sexual escapade and a raunchy threesome ensues. When the dude put his enormous cock in her tiny hand, the slut pulled down the girl’s panties, revealing a completely hairless, young pussy. The nerdy petite chick wanked his cock, sliding her hand gently back and forth and watching the other girl licking her pussy. This sweet little girl, who had never even had sex until that day, was actually having a threesome with a couple that she met a few minutes ago. The guy grabbed her legs and spread them open, giving the other girl better access to her little pussy. The young girl moaned helplessly as that slut was eating her pussy out, swirling around her sensitive clit and entering her juicy slit. All the time her little hand was jerking the dude’s huge cock. Suddenly the older girl grabbed his cock, spat on it and directed it towards her virgin pussy. The teen girl was looking at his cock slipping into her virgin pussy. ‘OMG it’s so BIG!’ She screwed up her face with the pain.   Naked girl moaned out loud as the slut spat on his dick and on her pussy and helped her out by licking her clit. He could feel her legs trembling as her cunt muscles spasmed. He pulled out and shoved his dick into the slut’s open mouth, then back into the sopping pussy. The teen girl got fucked in her tight pussy for the first time and couldn’t believe how good it felt. The dude wanted to fuck her mouth as well, so she got on her knees and the other sauna slut was right there behind her to give her moral support as she was sucking the dude off. At one point, both naked girls were sucking the dude off, with the nerdy chick working the balls while the slut was sucking him off. One girl is a lot to handle – can dude handle two? “Oh fuck yeah!” the naked slut screamed as he fucked the shit out of her. He kept slamming the young girl so hard, her juices squirting out around his huge cock. It was difficult to imagine that his giant prick would fit in her little pussy but now he was pounding balls deep into her petite body. They even put the young naked girl into the piledriver position and the slut watched with delight as he destroyed her little pussy. She even stood over her, their legs crossed, and lowered her cunt onto her pussy. It’s so HOT! She was grinding her cunt against her pussy, all the while sucking the dude’s cock! He had never seen a more beautiful sight in his life, and he reached deep within himself to fuck them even harder. The naked girls shared his dick until he came over both their faces.