You thought you have already seen the most bizarre story that porn had to offer? Think again. This blonde babe fakes being sick in order to be left alone while her parents went to visit the family. She couldn’t come because she “was ill” and so she spent the day fucking around the house and not doing anything. As night time came around, the babe was watching a scary movie, when all of a sudden someone started banging at her door. ‘Help me! Help me!’ A teenage girl was screaming. Terrified, she opened the door wider and the stranger burst in, slamming it behind her. The teen brunette said that something was inside her and then she started taking off her shirt. The stranger has pulled a magic screen from her backpack … with all the pegs glowing. ‘It doesn’t like bright lights,’ What is going on? ‘I’ve just escaped from its clutches!’. ‘It’s been holding me hostage for months, trying to get inside my body. It’s a government cover-up. Some kind of mutant.’ She was pointing to her pussy and said that the blonde had to touch her in order to stop it from getting inside, whatever that means. The girl had to please her in any way she could. The first thing she thought of was going down on her of all things. Whenever she stopped licking her clitoris, there would be a really loud sound coming from the teen’s vagina and the room would shake. From then on out, the blonde babe never thought for a second to stop pleasing this young and troubled teen. She placed her pussy on her face smearing it with her juices, she licked her pussy and ass in all possible positions and grind her wet pussy against hers as hard as she could. Then the naked girl spread her legs in front of her “stick your hand into me. Fuck my pussy with your fist!” Who was that girl that was saying these things? Their lesbian sex became even more intense when she put her whole fist into her cunt. Then the blonde felt she was close to cum and began sucking her clit harder and tongue fucking her wet cunt. Will this be enough to keep the mysterious creature at bay? And what is the stranger NOT telling her? 