When you’re a sorority pledge, you’ll do anything in order to get in. This teen just wanted to get into college, but her mom insisted on getting into the sorority as well. The only thing that she had to do was fuck with the dude on their football team. The mom didn’t know this, but she urged her daughter to get into that sorority so she wouldn’t be a loser throughout college like she was in high school. That’s when the teen has no choice but to allow the sorority girls to tie her up to a chair. Unfortunately, times have changed and the hazing is much more than a silly prank. When the sorority sister called in her boyfriend, who looked at the tied girl with hungry eyes, she declared that the girl needed to prove that she was not some lousy virgin. They need all the girls in the sorority to be at their best to fuck like pornstars at all their orgies. Determined to see this through to avoid disappointing her mother, the girl gave in and let the dude fuck her. The dude took out his cock and the chick started sucking on it really well. However, she wasn’t just going to blow him. She got face fucked hard and the dude just wouldn’t let up. He’s black, so with the power of his huge black dick, he was able to choke her when he stuffed her throat with it. Soon enough she was getting fucked on the floor. The sex was rough and humiliating. Just in case she pussied out, they sent one of the other sorority chicks to watch her perform. But this wasn’t the end of her troubles. All of a sudden, another football player came in and wanted to get some of that action too. The chick had no say in what was going to happen since her mouth was stuffed with her own panties. And so the young nerdy teen turned into the biggest slut ever as she got double penetrated by two dudes in the hottest threesome ever. The sorority chick was really into it as she watched the entire thing unfold here. Avi is one of the prettiest and skilled actresses in the industry in my opinion. Excited to see her getting used by her boyfriend while bound to the chair and then her reaction when the boyfriend’s buddy wants a turn. 