My girlfriend told me we would have guests, as her friend will join us for a couple of days. She told me two of them were always close, so I had nothing against it. What I didn’t know is how close the girls were – enough to drop down panties and have a lesbian session at the moment when I entered the house. I didn’t even know what to do but at that moment my girlfriend pointed to her friend’s ass, she wanted me to join them! Her friend was a sexy brunette with a gorgeous ass in fishnet stockings! I couldn’t believe my girlfriend wanted me to have fun with her friend! I ripped off her fishnet stockings and dived between her ass cheeks right into her pussy, tasting her juices. As my babe watched me licking her friend’s pussy, she pushed her tits into her friend’s mouth. Then the girls gazed into each other’s eyes and got onto my dick. They started sucking away, moving up and down my shaft and tongue-kissing with my cock between their lips. I watched both sluts swirl their tongues around my cockhead. I’m glad that her friend is not shy, as she demonstrated her blowjob skills on me. The girls worked flawlessly together, so while our guest was giving me a blowjob, my girlfriend sucked my balls. That didn’t take for long, as her busty girlfriend started riding me like crazy, as my nerdy babe played with her clit. This hot naked brunette was going up and down on my shaft like she hasn’t seen one in a while, but I didn’t mind that. When it was my lady’s turn, I could make a comparison between them. The truth is, it would be hard to pick a winner. The girls were both going balls deep on it, and even their titjob was excellent. My next move was to go inside our guest doggy style, as she was busy licking my girlfriend’s pussy. I enjoyed the view as her massive ass was on display before once again, I hammered my girl missionary style. Finally, it was the time to end our threesome in the best possible way, as I released my hot load all over their faces. That made the naked girls smile once more as they’ve continued kissing. 