There was a “freaky” young girl living next door, who loved to tease me with her body. A dick-teaser was making me crazy with her gorgeous body. She loved to show off her sexy little ass and camel toe when she got home from school. Her camel toe was so small and looked so tight, it was so hard not to look. So, one day, I invited her to my house and she happily accepted. She started to dance seductively, then she teasingly pulled her shorts down. Her cute little ass looked amazing with her pink string buried between her cheeks. Her hips circling and gyrating in front of me. “You like tight, wet pussies don’t you?” I took her little ass and sprayed it with oil. And I knew what I had to do. I just grabbed her, threw her on the bed, pushed her legs wide open and buried my face into her pussy. I started to suck on her clit and lick her slit. It was juicy, wet, and entirely prepared for me. “I want your big hard cock in my mouth.” Naked girl simply rolled over, I laid down, and my cock was inside of her mouth immediately. And since she’s such a slut, she looked straight at me while she was doing it. My cock was impaling her mouth, and she was all up for whatever else was coming next. And I knew what to do, which was to start slamming that fucking pussy. I stretched her legs wide open and plunged my big, hard cock into her tight wet cunt. Her titties were bunching around, her fat pussy lips pushed open around my cock, her legs spread wide. I felt I was cumming right there. The girl looked at me and told me to cum inside her. And it’s what made her cum as well. Her pussy was full of a yummy white surprise. My cum was oozing out of her puss. God, it was an insanely intimate sight. But I was still hard and the horny young teen told me to lie down on my back. Naked girl stood over me and lowered her cum dripping cunt toward my dick. As I pushed inside her my spunk from the previous ejaculation was squelched almost obscenely with my cock. My previous deposit squeezed out around my shaft and oozed from her pussy running down her thighs. I simply kept fucking her all the way to the end, and she completely loved it. I turned her over, and then I started to fuck her in the doggy style. Her massive, oily ass, right in front of my face, and her warm pussy… Man, damn! It was fantastic.  