Oh my God, I’m a young guy myself. But it’s almost unbelievable how horny these young chicks are these days. My girlfriend especially. She’s the tiny, petite, blonde type, and she has beautiful eyes. But she’s a nympho, and that’s a fact. Plus, she loves different sex toys that give her incredible orgasms. I handed her a small pink vibrating egg with a tiny ending. Wanted to try it right there she pulled down her panties and slowly slipped it in her pussy. I held up a remote, quickly turning it on, she jumped at the feel of it! We stopped at grocery store before going home. The vibrating egg was still in her vagina. I lost count of how many times it had made her cum. I watched her squirm each time I turned the vibrator on and off. I laughed knowing what I had planned for the night. Once we got home, she quickly moved to our room, and she laid on the bed because she was starting to squirm from the pleasure. I could tell she was close to another orgasm so I turned it on full. She shuddered and thrashed on the bed as an orgasmic wave overtook her. She couldn’t control herself anymore,s he just grabbed my belt, unbuckled it, and a second later, I was in her mouth. Fully erect, as they’d say. And she looked me in the eyes, kept that eye contact, and just sucked on my big, leathery lollipop! And that was utterly fantastic, but because of that, I became horny as hell. And when I’m horny, I have to have pussy in my mouth as well! So, I grabbed my babe, lifted her legs up in the ear, and I buried my nose in that pussy. She loved it, and you could see her squirm and move around, letting out tiny moans and stuff like that. But, I became even hornier, so I just fucking dropped her, and then I slid my cock right inside of that snatch.   She shuddered as my hard cock touched her sensitive clit. I started to fuck her in the missionary position roughly, and my girlfriend was completely happy about that. My cock was moving in and out of that snatch. And she was warm, plus she was squeezing like she’s inviting me to go all the way in. But, I couldn’t go balls deep inside of her like that. So, I simply switched her up and then started fucking her in the doggy style. Her tiny asshole was present, and I could see it, it looked juicy. But, today was not an anal day, so I had to grab her ass cheeks and to keep fucking her! And wow, I loved it. After fucking her in the doggy style, she was slowly losing strength, and she was pretty close to another orgasm. I respond by pounding into her petite body even harder. So, I grabbed her and let her ride my cock, all the way until she couldn’t do it anymore. Her eyes roll back into her head, barely unable to stand all the pleasure. And when she started spraying around, I knew exactly when to cum inside of her myself too. After that, though, I told her that she doesn’t need a dildo. My cock can correctly please her tight little snatch, and it’s obvious. Her legs were shaking, and she looked so tired. And that’s how I knew I fucked her well. So fellas, always relax and feel free to become aggressive during sex, because girls love it. They’d give anything just to taste your fully erect cock before slamming it inside of their pussies.