A guy was over at his girlfriend’s house but couldn’t help himself from staring at her mom’s mesmerizing body. A MILF wore the skimpiest clothes without underwear, barely covering a pair of massive tits and her big, fat ass. He was determined to do whatever it took to get a closer look as she went about her housework. Unfortunately his girlfriend caught him ogling her sexy mom. Once he finally managed to get his girlfriend to fall asleep, he went to see if her mom needed any help. He found that her sex drive, like her tits, was overflowing and she decided to give him what her daughter wouldn’t. Without hesitation, MILF went down on her knees in front of him and pulled his throbbing boner out. She immediately started slobbering all over it and putting it between her breasts, making sure he was all slippery and rock hard. At one point, his girlfriend came around but, even then, horny mommy wouldn’t stop so she just hid and kept sucking him off until her daughter left. He had thought her girlfriend’s mom would just let him cum on her tits but the naked woman turned around and spread her huge ass in front of him. The boy didn’t hesitate and just moved between her buttocks. Her juices flowed from her cunt onto his tongue as he lapped away at her folds, holding her big ass cheeks with both hands. He snaked his tongue in and around her vaginal opening, savoring the liquid she was creating as she was bent over the kitchen counter. Such intense foreplay had both of them wanting more and, just moments later, he was going balls deep inside his girlfriend’s ravishing mom, hammering her aching cunt and making her scream in pleasure, not caring if her daughter would hear them. Eager to feel each other in every way and from every angle possible, busty hottie kept switching things up and changing positions, picking pace with every passing moment. Her big round ass looks fantastic! He took every opportunity to get a taste of her dripping snatch before she finally ended up on the kitchen floor. Busty naked woman continued to scream in multiple orgasms as she was being ravaged doggy style until he finally reached his limits and shot thick loads of hot, sticky cum all over her huge tits. 