When this dude started going to a massaging course, he never even dreamed that he would get the chance to do things in this clip. It all started when he found his stepsister and her girlfriend taking some sexy pictures of each other. He asked if they will let him practice the techniques he was studying in massage class, but the girls cald him a pervert, and sent him packing. Later, the girls came to him asking for his car. A deal was reached: the girls would help him to practice his massage, then he would take them into town. He began the massage by oiling and rubbing the back of their thighs and their butts. The girls slowlly pulled off the towels that covered their asses. He kept rubbing their ass cheeks, and then slipped a finger between his sister’s thighs into her pussy. ‘Do you like me touching you like this?’ ‘Yes…’ He continued slowly massaging her pussy with his fingers. He pulled out his hard cock and it guided it between her thighs, the knob plowing its way along her wet slit. His beautiful naked sister raised her pelvis and pushed her cute ass back at him. His stiff cock was now on her pussy. She squirmed under him, rubbing her wet cunt against his cock and balls, feeling the head of his cock slowly penetrating her. So, pretty soon, he was balls deep in his sexy step sister, and she loved it. Then both naked girls raised their gorgeous asses high into the air to give him free access. He was almost drooling as he stared at two girls who twerked their naked asses for him. But, these chicks felt like some steps were overlooked, so they got down on him. Imagine two petite teen chicks sucking on your cock with their dreamy eyes. The girls looked fantastic, and they loved to swallow his whole cock together, as well as his balls. Then the naked girls took turns riding his cock. Imagine having two chicks that enjoy getting fucked, and you can switch between them. He fucked them while they were making out, he fucked them while the other sucked on his nuts, and similar stuff too. He fucked his sexy stepsister until she squirted everywhere! Two wet, warm, juicy snatches and a stiff cock, all in one bed. It was fantastic, and they did stuff like riding, doggy style, lots of oral sex, some missionary, and they did all of that just to cum.  