I met this young brunette in the gym. It’s not the first time that I’ve seen such a beauty, but this one was special. She was gazing at me all the time and once we were alone for the second, she revealed her tits and even that tight butthole. My mind was blown up while I was looking at her nice tittis and her juicy teen ass. As we move into my apartment, she promised me the show I would never forget. As she was butt naked, the teen girl spread her legs wide and began playing with her pussy. Her pink pussy lips were parted slightly. She pulled her lips full apart showing me her clit and rubbing it with her small fingers, at the same time explaining how she like to masturbate. I was really enjoying my close up view of her juicy pink pussy and her anus. Then naked girl grabbed a huge toy and inserted in her pink slit. I could only enjoy hearing her moan while that was getting so deep inside of her. Even when the toy was out, she was still rubbing her pussy in front of me, a total stranger. I guess that was what was turning her on, but I was really shocked once she started to bang her asshole with a dildo, even asking me to help. It was all about anal play, first by spreading her butt, then using all sorts of glass toys from small to big to stretch her butt out! A glass dildo in her ass looked so beautiful as she was posing doggy style and smiling all the time. Young naked girl was eventually gaping her asshole really wide… and she could move the glass dildo with her butt muscles! I was rock hard doing it, as I couldn’t believe that such small butthole could take something as big. She then played with her pink holes again, up close so I could see those orgasmic contractions up in real detail. She enjoys everything she is doing and is such a confident young slut. No wonder she is up for any challenge when she has such training. Spreading her legs once more, she let me go inside her pussy with my fingers. Cutie exposed her pretty, prominent clit, then gaped her vagina for me. 