Three young cleaners have been working together for a while, and they love their job. Whenever they have a new task, they plan to do the job as quickly as possible, leaving enough time to have some fun. In their case, fun means lesbian threesome, as there is nothing more exciting than fucking in a huge house while the owners are away. There is a sense of danger there, which makes things even more exciting. As one of the blondes lifts her shirt, the other girls are quick to suck her nipples, making her smile. It’s their usual scenario followed by kissing, but as the teen lesbians prepare to move things to another level, blonde MILF that owns the house shows up. Luckily, they had enough time to cover up, as she asked them if they can move to the kitchen. Once the girls are there, it’s time for their lesbian game to begin. A slim blonde is doing the cleaning, her girlfriends dive deep in her shaved pussy, and even go for ass play, sticking their tongues inside of it. The girl loves the feeling of two tongues licking her together, her asshole and her pussy being licked at the same time. Just take a look at that magical tongue working on that little asshole! I never knew I had a tongue fetish until I saw this babe. The things are getting rougher as the girls start to finger her snatch wildly. As a dyke turns around, the brunette is here to go deep inside her meat hole with her tongue, finally making her squirt. The kitchen is so messy now, but it’s not like they care. By this point, the lesbains can’t even think straight, as only cumming is on their mind. There is no better feeling in the world than having a lesbian threesome while in constant danger of getting caught. Brunette is now fucking both blondes with her hands. As the naked girls are on the kitchen counter, she rubs them hard, making them squirt once more. As the brunette is on the floor, one of the girls sits on her face, knowing how much she loves that, while the other is scissoring.   One of the girls is grinding her pussy against her mouth and the other one is grinding her squirting cunt against hers. She sucks on it so vigorously as she is cumming in her mouth that all she can do is moan and squeeze handfuls of her hair in between her fingers. Really hot threesome with three very hot starlets! The cum squirting is what made this lesbian adventure so squeaky good to watch. Blonde teen pressed herself against the brunette’s meaty pussy, squirting into her pussy. Two naked girls masturbate in front of each other, both climax at the same time, squirting their pussy juices all onto each other’s pussy. It’s all so dirty, and while they have done it many times, this is something special. Their warm bodies touch as they continue to stimulate their wet pussies. Every time they do, it’s like their first time. They are all so passionate and so full of energy as they squirt together, proving how excited they are. As blonde is humping a brunette, she is still deep in one of her lover’s pussy with her tongue, enjoying every second. As one of the blondes is busy licking her clit, the other one is playing with her asshole. When the three naked girls make a break, it’s only to kiss and exchange their pussy and ass juices. Their adventure finishes with lots of squirting and final one orgasm, as they cum almost at the same time. They are now the ideal of lesbian love, young, perverted babes that won’t be stopped.