Wow, something amazing happened to me! You see, I hooked up with this blonde chick that has a perfect body with amazing big all natural tits. I just wanted to suck and lick and kiss those teenage breasts, cum on them and watch her lick it off her nipples. When we were chilling out together, she flashed me them, and I knew that that was it. I just had to bang that small and petite little body. So, I laid on the bed, and then guess what she did? That’s right, man, she started giving me head! And holy hell was it amazing! Her tiny tongue was swirling all around my dick, while her tiny lips were struggling to even handle my massive prick. So, cutie just kept sucking and licking it, letting her tongue soak every inch of my dick, swirling her tongue all over my head and making my body jerk. I kept thinking of how I wanted to fuck her. But then I realized that this chick is so horny and decisive that I’m the one who’s the follower here. So, after she sucked me off, I just let the young naked girl climb all over my cock. I looked down and watched as my cock slid between her pussy lips. Her pussy lips parted and sucked my cock deep inside her. “Oh yes,” I heard myself groan. She started to ride it, regularly, without a care in the world. I was in heaven. She leaned forward and hung her big soft tits in front of my face. I hungrily sucked her nipples. Her hands gripped my neck as she slammed herself down onto my aching erection as fast and hard as she could. Her gorgeous boobs were dancing up and down right in front of my face. She was jumping all over it, and because she was so hot, I couldn’t handle it anymore. She grabbed my throbbing cock and I began spraying streams of cum. She squeezed my cock with her hand, making me spray high into the air. But the best part is how she didn’t even seem to mind what happened. Instead, the big titted blonde beauty scooped gooey load onto her tongue like a real slut. Damn it, that can make a man hard! So, I let her jump on my dick once again, and this time, she did some reverse cowgirl. And if you ask me, that’s an even better pose, since now I could see her beautiful ass. I banged her once again and came on her cute face, and it was amazing. 