A hostel owner noticed something strange about these young ladies. When he walked past their room, he could see the girls in buttflap pajamas twerking with their butts being naked. When they saw him, they were not embarrassed at all. The girls quickly made him join them, as they pulled his dick out of his pants. For such a young babe, it looked like this blonde and brunette have loads of experience. As one of them was sucking him deep, the other one was quick to play with his balls. They sucked his balls together and slid their moist mouths along his length, flicking his glans with their tongues every time they reached the tip. The teens even showed their love for extreme sex, as their throats have being fucked. The dude sat on the lower bunk bed and the girls began rubbing their perky titties all over his face. He took each tit in his mouth sucking on it. But the real fun began once the naked girls were both on the bed in doggy style position. The hostel owner knew what to do, so while he was rimming one of them, he rubbed the pussy of another girl. His goal was to prepare the teens for what is about to cum – hard pussy drilling that will blow their mind. As he was penetrating the brunette, one of his fingers was inside the blonde’s teen cunt. She was dripping wet as she was watching her friend being fucked hard. She wanted so badly to be in her place, and once that happened, she loved every second. Having that colossal shaft inside of her is so exciting,  especially as her girlfriend is here to help her, spreading her ass cheeks wide. She went a step further, sucking his shaft and tasting her pussy juices. Perverted brunette even squirted inside blonde’s mouth as her asshole was fingered before two naked girls were both in missionary position. Once again, their snatches were mercilessly pounded. The dude again made the girls squirt with his fingers and kept licking their wet pussies, rimming their tight little assholes and fucking them with his hard dick.  After they were satisfied, the girls gave him another double blowjob until he came on both of their faces. Finally, buckets of cum were covering their faces, as they knew their stay in the hostel would be free. 