Goddamn it, sluts just keep evolving. Do you even know the feeling of being too hot and successful? Well, I do. I was waiting for my real estate agent. And imagine my surprise when what I see isn’t an old lady with a clipboard, no. My real estate agent is a hot teen chick with a petite body and a cute set of blonde hair. Luckily, I could see that she was up for some action, like, right away! Just as we were about to close the deal, I whipped out a tiny sex toy. It was one of those weird vibrators that you see in cam videos, you know, little, purple and round. And I immediately gave it to her and told her to put it in her cunt if she wants to sell a house. And believe it or not, a little slut did it! You could see it inside of her! And you could see how she was gradually getting wetter and wetter with time, up until the point where she was basically squirting. Her whole body vibrated with pleasure. Her body was convulsing as orgasm after orgasm overtook her. Her pussy lips were quivering, a steady stream of her juices was leaking out of her cunt and her body was jerking. That’s when I decided that I tortured her enough. Now, it’s time for her to please me, right? So, I just took her cute little dumb blonde head and started basically face fucking her. And she literally loved it, and you can see her cute face as she’s gagging on my cock. It was fairly amazing, and I loved it. Her hands grabbed my wet cock and rub it all over her face until it slipped back into her tight lips and down her throat. It extremely turned me on. I raised and spread her thighs, pressed my mouth against her pulsating pussy, pushing my tongue deep into her vagina. I was drowning in her juices with my mouth clamped on her splayed open cunt. She had another orgasm right in my mouth. Now I knew that she was ready for my mamba.   So, I stuck it inside of her, and that was it. She started screaming and squirming like she had a fucking seizure! It was wet all around, her pussy was maniacally dripping, and that was it! I couldn’t contain myself any longer! I just nutted straight inside of her without asking at all! My sperm seeped out and started running down her ass crack. Luckily, she was a good sport about it, and she just wanted to go for another round. So, hot naked blonde basically just started jumping on my cock, and I started rubbing her cute and tight little pussy with my hands. She was convulsing by the meeting of their bodies, being as one. I felt her pussy muscles tighten and spasm. She was cumming while I was still pounding her. She vibrated out of control with loud screams. She couldn’t keep her legs still. Her beautiful body was jumping with every new sensation and touch. She almost cried, it was like torture through pleasure. That’s when she started full on squirting while barely being able to jump all over my cock. That was enough torture for her cute little head, so I filled her pussy up with my cum once again. Naked girl collapsed onto the floor together, trembling and crying in orgasmic seizure. After that, since the house was pretty cool, I did indeed buy it. But, I’ll make sure to call that babe once again when I need to be properly serviced by a petite little teen. Watch as these young naked girls lose control of their bodies, convulse, squirt, and their pussy pulsate with creampies. Female ejaculation, squirting orgasms, leg shaking orgasms, these babes experience the ultimate pleasure.