Squirting orgasm lovers don’t miss this video! A guy was still in the house with an ex-girlfriend Abella when his new chick came to live with him. Even though that was the day a mover guy was coming to sort things out, they were still stuck living in the same house. His new girl, a dazzling blonde called Zoey, was just as naughty as she was hot. Her killer body with perky tits and firm ass came with a personality to match. When Abella’s protesting fell on deaf ears and he brushed her off, a frustrated girl tried to distract herself by doing the dishes while listening to music. Her ex-boyfriend’s new girlfriend found her in the kitchen and decided to have some fun with her. After all, why would her boyfriend be the only one to try her out. Without much talking, she lifted ex’s thin, playful dress and revealed her gorgeous naked ass. Abella was an equally stunning babe with smaller tits but a stunning ass. Feeling other girl’s hands on her backside, she instinctively bent over gasping in surprise. Zoey saw that Abella had no underwear and admired her tight, smoothly shaved holes for just a bit before kneeling behind her, spreading her incredible cheeks and burying her face between them. The look of surprise mixed with pleasure instantly appeared on Abella’s face and she started softly moaning while enjoying a warm tongue caressing her pussy lips. At one point, her ex stumbled upon her, rambling something about laundry, unaware his girlfriend was on her knees behind the counter, sloppily eating his ex out. Not wanting to get caught, girls snuck to the bedroom to continue having fun in a more private place. Once there, chicks jumped at each other and went wild. It wasn’t long before Abella was standing next to the bed and squirting intensely in multiple orgasms, enjoying Zoey eating her out and rubbing her trimmed pussy and pink clit. Eventually the guy discovered his girls by accident. He was stunned at first, yelling and cursing, but chicks had other things on their minds. Losing themselves with all the horniness, the naked girls quickly figured out they’d love for him to join and offered a threesome. It didn’t take at all long for him to agree so he ended up in the bed with his current and his ex-girlfriend, each hotter than the next.   Girls were already dripping wet and didn’t need much foreplay so they jumped at his schlong and started pleasuring him with their mouths. Such intense double blowjob left his shaft rock hard and all slippery, ready to hammer both of them. His EX rode him when her whole body began to shake and she began to squirt her juices all over the bed. After a few seconds she produced another exquisite orgasm with powerful squirts. She began losing control squirting with each pounding thrust of his cock squirt after squirt, again and again. Her back was arched, she was shuddering, her eyes rolled back as it sprayed out of her cunt in one violent burst, then another, then another. From that point forward, both naked girls took turns on his dick, watching each other cum hard and squirt, screaming loud, riding him balls deep and swallowing the shaft while still fooling around with and pleasuring each other. The experience was so intense that hotties couldn’t stop squirting all over the place, both from his schlong and from their tongues and fingers. Squirt after squirt of pussy juices. All that relentless pounding eventually made him reach the edge and shoot loads of cum covering both of their bodies, and that was when babes sent him away, figuring out they are a better fit for each other. Don’t forget to download the full movie of this crazy squirting orgy!