Her best friend’s parents divorced recently. But, even though her friend was sad, this cutie saw an opportunity. She was always into her friend’s father, but she could never get a chance to be with him. Luckily, now that the man is divorced, she can finally get a chance to seduce him. On this particular day, this young busty teen was chilling with her best friend, and her friend left for a little bit. And when a teen slut saw the father alone, she got that opportunity to seduce one of her biggest crushes. Hot teen was all playful with him, and she was teasing him, jumping around him, all that girly stuff. And the man obviously took the bait, since seconds after, they were both on the floor, rolling and enjoying each other’s presence. And a moment after that, the old man was licking her amazing breasts. Holding her boobs with both hands, he sucked on one tit then the other, kissing, licking her big all natural boobs. I can never get enough of this babe and those tits and those huge nipples! Hot teen spread her legs and his nose was buried in that young teenage pussy. Special day for all ya tits lovers! She is something beyond what you usually get to see in porn. Love seeing this big titted goddess suck dick on her knees, its amazing. She choked on that cock like a real slut. She gave the man a sloppy blowjob and titjob, pleasuring his big dick with her soft bobbies. Her continuous verbal expressions describing her wants, feelings, joy, adoring his cock, describing her pussy wanting it. After titty fucking, she was ready for the rough banging that happened next. Busty teen was jumping up and down on his cock. A gorgeous girl, a pleasure to watch! She has the best pair of boobs and a trimmed cunt, God I’d love to ride her! Then he banged her in the doggy style. Her young big tits were hanging loose and banging against each other as he smacked into her ass. Fucking her in RCG and in cowgirl, taking his big cock doggy-style and in missionary position. Finally the busty girl made her friend’s dad drain his balls on her face and on her sweet big tits. They were now both satisfied, and they were ready to keep that secret to themselves. 