I always wondered why my stepsister took so long in the bathroom. When I knocked on the door to see what’s going on, she went out and said that she was shaving. But unfortunately for her, or luckily as it turned out, she dropped a dildo from a towel! It was a huge rubber dick that could be stuck to the wall with a suction pad. She actually fucked herself with that thing under the shower! When I asked her about it, she said that her boyfriend has a small dick and that it is why she has to please herself with a dildo. As she was standing naked under the towel in front of me, my dick was getting harder each second. She has such a fantastic body, and her personality is such that it tempts you to fuck her. I decided to go for all or nothing, took it out of my pants and asked her if mine was big enough for her. It was for her to determine whether she’ll grab it or tell on me to our folks. My sister reached out and wrapped her hand around it. Being a slut that she is, she kneeled, opened her pretty mouth, and started kissing it. Her tongue was on the tip of his penis, she watched as it throbbed in her hand. Then my sister started sucking it like a nasty fucking whore. Her eyes were on me as her mouth sucked so sweetly. She cupped her hand around my balls and pulled them softly toward her, sucking me deeper into her throat. It only took a few minutes before I was cumming in her mouth! After I had just cum, I thought I heard my mom coming, so my sister swallowed my load real quick to hide the evidence. The next day I saw my sister in her bedroom, she was lying on her bed, her legs were spread open as she was dildoing herself in full force. You know, I just couldn’t help myself but offer her some help. My sexy naked sister sat on me, my cock was pointing directly at her awaiting opening to her pussy.   My stepsister gently lowered herself until my cockhead barely parted her wet pussy lips. Her pussy released a torrent of juice that ran down the head and along my hard shaft. Then she slowly lowered her pussy onto my cock. It easily slid all the way inside her pussy. I could feel her pussy tighten and warm juices flowed down over my balls. She had her hands on my legs and was moving her pussy up and down my dick. I watched as my cock was wrapped with her pussy lips. It could not be considered as ‘brother fucks sister’ cause she is my stepsister. I fucked her in so many different poses that I think I never changed that many positions during sex with anyone. The best thing happened when her boyfriend called her on the phone while I was banging her in the doggy style. She answered and broke up with him while my dick was going into her pussy. That turned me on even more. Her round ass cheeks were shaking like crazy as I pouneded into her from behind. ‘Slap slap slap slap’ went my groin against her big ass. Ever since then, I fuck her almost every day, and I don’t intend to stop. Don’t miss more brother sister sex videos with the hottest teen girls!