In sky-high heels and a tiny little skirt, this hot babe struts around a big mansion, showing it off to potential buyers as well as she shows off her long, beautiful legs. A thirty-something couple looks like it is ready to buy it. The problem was, in one of the rooms there was an unexpected squatter, but luckily, the customers didn’t see him. She was not going to let some hippie ruin her sale! She made him take a shower to at least look decent, before helping him get naked. She was in a hurry to make him go away, but once she saw his massive dick, something happened to her. That nerdy girl turned into a nympho! Without saying anything, she was on her knees and sucking it like she hasn’t seen a dick for a while. Her pussy juices were flowing as she was not only doing it with a guy she has never seen before but because there were other people in the house. Busy with that huge boner, she couldn’t think about anything else. As he was fucking her throat, the couple that wanted to buy the house was back again, but somehow, she managed to buy some time. It wasn’t easy for her to pretend like nothing is happening while the guy was banging her standing doggy style, as she enjoyed it so much. Hot girl loved being treated like a sex doll, as he took the initiative and was so rough to her. This was already the best experience she ever had, as the babe finally removed all her clothes.   Feeling free, hot girl was riding her new lover cowgirl style as he was grabbing her ass before playing with her tits. This was always her favorite fantasy, but she never could imagine that something like this could ever happen. This stud was everything the babe ever wanted – a fuckboy that won’t ever ask questions and will take her to the limits. It was a thrilling experience for him, too, as all he ever wanted was to clean up, and he got so much more. Crazy chicks like her are not easy to find, so he needed to get the best out of this situation. As the hot naked girl was spreading her legs wide, he went inside her trimmed snatch missionary before making her ride him reverse cowgirl. It was a miracle that no one heard them so far, but in her head, she earned this piece of paradise. Things were even better as he was playing with her clit while hammering her, before once again going inside of her missionary style, while playing with her big tits. God knows if the couple will decide to buy this house, that doesn’t bother this hot babe anymore. As buckets of cum are covering her face and tits, she can’t express how happy she is. Sucking the dick once more to enjoy the taste of semen, she will take him home for at least a few days in exchange for fucking her brains out.