A young cheerleader came to her coach’s house to see if she is good enough to join the team ahead of a big cheerleading competition. Her coach is an early-forties MILF who welcomed her along with her husband, who is bald, muscular, and about the same age. When the coach gave the young girl her new uniform, she asked her where she could change. By the explanation that she has to be comfortable with her body, if she wants to perform ahead of the crowd, the coach asked her to change her clothes in front of her and her husband. The young girl agreed to what she said, but that was just an introduction into this perverted couple’s real intentions, which is to have a threesome with a teen girl and treat her like their fucktoy. At first, the girl refused to do so, but after the coach threatened her that she would not be accepted in any cheerleading team anywhere else, she agreed to this as well. A couple of perverts started undressing her, and the man started licking her young pussy, while the coach was sucking the soft nipples on her tiny tits. When he got hard enough, the husband grabbed the cheerleader’s head and throat-fucked her like a whore. He and his naked wife sat naked on the couch, while the poor girl was sucking his dick and rubbing his wife’s pussy at the same time with her small hand. She started to enjoy it. While she was banged from behind by coaches husband like a slut, the coach was petting her hair. She was so happy that she turned this young slut into their fucking sex toy. MILF got fucked by her husband too, eating the teen pussy as the same time. This woman has the body of a 22 year old and knows how to present it to the camera to full erotic advantage. Finally, the man came into the poor girl’s mouth, and the mistress forced her to swallow every drop. Love the setup to this scene. Very good filming with the women actually active throughout. Don’t like threesome scenes where one just watches and masturbates while the other two fuck – none of that here, it’s always a threesome. 