You see, I used to bang this chick back in the college days. I haven’t heard from her in a while, and we were never really together. So, I got this brilliant idea to call her on the phone one day. And believe me when I tell you, I didn’t expect sex from her at all. Imagine my surprise when she actually got the hints, and then returned them to me. Only, she upped it up a bit. She started to be more flirtatious, and she was generally playful as hell. And like ten minutes after talking some more about college bullshit, I asked her if she’s just as wild as she was back in college. Her only answer? ‘Let’s find out.’ And trust me, my fully erect massive cock was in her wet mouth. She started sucking it normally at first, but then she began to fit in more and more. Pretty soon, she had my whole penis down her throat, and she was choking on it. My God, what a fantastic feeling that is! I was ready to do anything to her, and clearly, so was she. So, when she was done with swallowing my thick noodle, she took all of her clothes off. I knew that she was hot, but she stayed just as youthful and petite as she was in college! So, like a few seconds after that witty observation, she was on my cock. Her wet pussy lips were rubbing directly against the length of my swollen cock, coating it with her juices, as she ground her hips back and forth against the tip of my shaft. With her sexy legs spread open wide in front of me, she guided my throbbing cock into her pussy with her hand. I lay there watching my cock sinking into her damp pussy. The hot, wet, enveloping softness of her tight pussy tunnel caused me to gasp.   A beautiful naked girl was slowly fucking me, moving her pelvis up and down, looking into my eyes and smiling. It looks like she learned some new skills in the meantime because she was swaying her hips while I was balls deep inside of her. Her pussy was clean shaven, she had a perfect slim body, tiny waist, long legs, perky little A-cup tits and a gorgeous cute little ass. While not fat she was also not too skinny. I could feel her pussy walls stretching to accommodate my thickness. I felt her pussy squeeze on my dick inside of her. It was so beautiful to watch her cum, but it just wasn’t enough for me. I simply took her cute body, rolled it over, and that was it. I started banging that pussy in the doggy style, and it all felt too incredible to be true. Yeah, I fucked this cutie back in college, but holy cow, she was so hot now. She was sluttier, more confident, and all around, she was a better lover. That made me so horny that I just started to bang that pussy until I was ready to explode violently. I changed the pose once again to make it all last longer, but I just couldn’t hold it in anymore. And she was ready to spray as well! So, we had some fantastic orgasms, more and more ropes of my cum splashing on her pretty face. We drank some more and then I went home. I think I’m going to revive this college relationship because this slut is just something that you shouldn’t miss in your life.