From the moment I met Milana, I couldn’t stop thinking about her. Just like me, she is slim, has a beautiful body, pretty face, perfect ass, and adorable feet. She is so feminine, and from the moment when I first spoke to her, I knew that she wants me exactly the same as I want her. One day, we agreed to go for a picnic together, somewhere out of town, where nobody will bother us. Of course, even though we didn’t say anything, it was apparent what is going to happen. After we set up our tent, I took my little camera out and stuck in the ground so that we can film ourselves. We slowly started undressing. We were both wearing thongs in which are cute little asses seemed even more tempting than they are. After we got fully naked, we started kissing and touching each other “down there.” I was so horny and wet that, while she rubbed my pussy, I squirted like I never did before. My orgasm was literally like I took a piss. Still, even after all that squirt, she eager for more. We got inside the tent where she began kissing my pussy. Her lips were on my pussy as her tongue entered me. I groaned continuously as she licked me out, shamelessly thrusting my pussy at her face. She didn’t only lick my pussy. That fantastic tongue went all over me – from my belly button down through my cunt, across my perineum, my inner thighs and at the same time her hand worked madly at my pussy, driving me absolutely wild. I lost count of how many times I did cum, squirting in her mouth. I wanted to lick her pussy so bad! I started by licking on her outer labia. I kissed them and sucked on them, bringing them into my mouth and tonguing them. We licked each other’s pussy all over the campsite. Her cunt tasted so sweet and juicy. We kissed each other, each sucking our own love juices off the other’s tongue, sucked each other’s feet, and scissored all day long. My pussy was rubbing against her pussy. I couldn’t help but start to squirt against. I even licked her ass, yet though I have never even touched anyone’s ass hole before. She licked mine as well. After we both had so many orgasms, we kept lying naked in the tent and talking, while at the same time, we were cuddling like two sensual girlfriends. 