The school week is over, and barely legal schoolgirls decided to have a slumber party. The teens want to watch their favorite movies, play games and gossip. They spend the evening being silly over prank phone calls, fashion shows, and pillow fights. I love scenes of this type: 4 young girls, playing with each other, in a pajama party plan. The bragging reaches its peak when the girls huddle close around a dating game. The topic of sex inevitably comes up. It all starts with innocent teasing as the teen girls explore their boobs, but soon enough, things get more intense. After a minute, all of the girls are making out topless. Four of them have some lesbian experience, but this is their chance to learn so much more. As two of them are stretching their legs, other girls are eating their young pussies and rubbing them hard. This so perverted, as in the room next to them is one of the parents who have no idea what is going on. They can’t even imagine her reaction if she saw this teen lesbian orgy, but sneaky sex is what makes their pussies juices flow. While the girls started gently, now that they’ve broken the ice, the action gets rough. Their tongues are getting deeper as all of them already lost count how many times they came. Four naked girls even form a lesbian train with a teen in front that can only enjoy watching what is going on behind her back. Things get even better once her asshole is rimmed. This is a new experience for her and feels so good that it might encourage her to start using her anal hole. But when the mom comes into the room, the naked girls hide behind the bed, so that their naked bodies are not visible. Thankfully, the mom never saw what was going on and went her way. Now that the teen lesbians know they won’t be disturbed anymore, they can try something new. Scissoring feels so good as they are going wild on that huge bed. Their labias are pressed open and their clits are rubbing against each other.   Girls ground into each other before going back to some more pussy licking and sloppy kissing combined with pussy rubbing. When these four young naked girls are getting their pussies licked, I have hard time not imagining myself getting right in there and pleasuring all of them at one. None of them had such an enjoyable experience with girls, as they all regret they didn’t do it sooner. The girls keep rocking their young cunts together, building a rhythm, feeling their clits start throbbing with pleasure. Their lesbian orgy goes on with the four naked girls lie on the bed, spread their legs, and start to masturbate their wet pussy. Watching each other doing it is what makes them crazy, as they have the strongest orgasms so far. Four very hot and sexy teen girls in one scene, this is absolutely the best lesbian movie. Always love to see 3 or more hot young naked girls make love. Watch more young teens in the best lesbian porn.