My young and gullible stepsis let me have a bet with her. She didn’t believe that I could make her cum, but I had a few tricks up my sleeve. First of all, I asked her to insert a vibrating egg into her pussy. I retrieved the remote control from my pocket and turned the egg on and then increased the strength of the vibrations until my stepsis began to squirm. Although she did not want to admit it was an orgasm. I don’t think anyone can deny that she’s a hot chick. She’s blonde, slim, and has a shaved pussy and a really nice round ass. I couldn’t pass up the opportunity to fuck this slag like it was nobody’s business. Here’s the deal, I would make her cum all over my dick. She was in shock at how big it was and I knew that this was going to work to my advantage. Soon enough, I was inside her, and it was such a weird feeling. I know it’s taboo and that I shouldn’t be fucking my stepsister. She sucked my dick and I heard a moan from the her mouth from around my cock. Then I stimulated her clit with my mouth. She was over me, with her knees on each side of me, she guided my dick to her parted lips and took me in. She began fucking me with her pussy, squeezing my cock with her vagina, wanting to make me cum first. I was getting scared that I could cum faster than her. I still needed to win my bet so I made sure to pace myself and not get close to cumming. Meanwhile her whole body started to shake slightly, her pussy muscles clamping down so tightly on my cock. She had no idea how good I was at this and in the end, she just couldn’t help herself but cum. Her body was now lost in an orgasm. Her body shaking and pushing back on my cock. I had my ejaculation as well, which was probably one of the best ones I’ve ever had in my life. I couldn’t hold on anymore and with one thrust poured his load into her. My sister collapsed on the bed, exhausted, a stream of cum leaking from her cunt. It was inevitable and she really enjoyed it as well. Who knew that my stepsis was such a slut? 