My girlfriend is a girl with extreme sexuality. In sex, she likes kinky stuff, and she is very open-minded. Therefore, I always doubted that she has a thing for girls too, but I wasn’t sure about it until one day, I caught her cheating on me. I came to her house to surprise her, and since the door was open, I walked inside. When I came to her room, I had what to see. There she was, on a bed, scissoring with another girl! My girlfriend has dark hair and a slightly chubby body, while the other girl was light and very slim. The girls both had such adorable feet, and, honestly, seeing the girls having sex together turned me on a lot. They noticed that I am watching and my girlfriend started apologizing immediately. She said that it happened simultaneously, that she didn’t want it, etc. Still, since I have never seen her so excited, and the whole lesbian scene turned me on, we all agreed that they continue with what they were doing and that I’ll watch them and maybe join them. The naked girls started scissoring again, their wet pussies were bumping and grinding together. I had never seen anything like that in my life! The girls were caressing each other but very soon, they were both sucking my cock! While my girlfriend was sticking it down her throat, the other chick was licking my balls and watching me like a perverted fucking slut. After the naked girls swapped a few times in licking my balls and sucking my cock, the other chick sat on my dick and started riding it, while my girlfriend was rubbing her beautiful shaved pussy! I had the feeling like I was in heaven. A new pussy is always a special thrill. My girlfriend didn’t mind me fucking another woman she just wanted some of my cock for herself too. Each of the girls took turns riding me and cumming all over my dick. Then I ordered the girls onto the bed with their asses in the air and kept fucking their pussies, moving from one wet slit to stick it in the other. I came all over their dirty faces, after which the naked girls licked the cum off each other. It was the best sex I ever had. 