Listen, if there’s one thing I like, it’s a good tight teenage pussy. Of course, the girl has to be petite, skinny, and shaved. I loved having fun with this exotic, tiny Asian cutie because she was such a naughty squirter. She started having fun solo, showing off her talents by putting her skinny, petite body on full display, wearing nothing but sexy, fishnet stockings while using a vibrator. One more thing, she had a choker necklace around her neck. I love babes who wear choker necklaces cause it really shows you that they have a black belt in dick sucking. She was probably one of the hottest, if not the hottest girls I have ever seen in my entire life. I honestly thought I was going to cum just watching her squirt! She could squirt whenever she came, and I have no idea how she made that happen every time that vibrator came close to her pussy. She was all oiled up and was glistening while rubbing her aching cherry and continuously squirting in multiple orgasms. Having enjoyed that show I couldn’t wait to see what would happen once she got to play with a real cock. I brought her down to her knees and made her beg for my cock. I took it out and she was in shock. Yes, it’s true. I have the biggest monster cock that you’ll ever see in a porno. And this was probably insane for her since all Asian dudes have tiny dicks. Her small hands looked even tinier grabbing my fat rod and she could barely open her mouth to wrap those luscious lips around it. However, she was eager to go all way and so, just moments later, the young naked girl held it firmly with one hand while trying her best to deepthroat. Even with my help, as I held the back of her head and forced her on my shaft, the petite babe was barely swallowing more than half, choking and unable to breathe. That wasn’t going to stop her and so, slowly but surely, the hottie was taking more and more in until all the spit and saliva started spilling out and dripping all over. The petite slut was all wet and oiled up and ready to get fucked by me. I just couldn’t believe how hot this slut was.   I love the sweet taste and smell of a wet pussy so I dove between her legs getting a taste of her delicious cherry, listening to her seductive moans and making her even wetter. Then I simply placed the tip of my schlong between her slim legs and forced myself all the way in, right off the bat. One long, exhaling moan was more than enough to get my blood boiling and I started pumping her like crazy. That moan quickly turned into multiple screams of pleasure mixed with sporadic breathing as she felt a massive cock stretching her tight pussy. I was forcing myself deeper, going balls deep stuffing her relentlessly. Her beautiful, perky tits were seductively bouncing back and forth and she kept using oil to keep her tiny body all shiny and fuckable. At one point, cute naked girl crossed her legs and made herself even tighter, giving me the instant motivation to continue drilling even rougher. Wanting even more control over her tiny appearance, I turned her into a doggy style and kept hammering. She was insatiable and I loved it. We kept trying different things and positions out. One moment she’d be on top of me, riding in reverse cowgirl or letting me ram her from underneath, squirting in orgasm, and the next she’d turn around facing me, and give me a perfect view of her firm breasts. I ended up fucking her brains out into multiple squirting orgasms and covering her in cum. I hope her tiny dicked boyfriend doesn’t find out about me making his tight Asian girlfriend squirt hard.