They broke up a few months ago, but young babe is still obsessed with her ex. This is why she decided to sneak in his house. There was no one around, so she entered the house and checked the bedroom, where two of them always had rough sex. Thinking about that made her so horny that she had to remove her panties and start to play with her pussy. But her fun was cut short, as someone was entering. She thought that it’s her ex and his new fiance, so she quickly hid from them. But she saw that it was another man and that his new fiance cheated on him. When the girl went to take a call from his ex, the blonde swooped in for the kill and started fucking a confused, but totally turned on, dude. When her female rival so what was happening, she was so mad that she decided to show who the boss is. These lusty babes now had a competition that was getting intense, as brunette tried to prove that she is giving the best blowjob. Blonde was smiling and waiting for her turn. Now she found space to join the action by licking his balls before having her throat fucked. Shortly after, three of them were working in sync. As she still busy with that huge boner, the brunette was deep in her while playing with her fat ass. Once this blonde with mega tits was lying on the bed, she spread her legs wide to have her meat hole eaten, while her ex’s fiance was pounded doggy style. It was so perverted and unfair to her ex, but for a busty blonde, it was all about her pleasure at the time. If he was there, maybe he would join them anyway. The rough action made these two hot babes friends, as now they were working together on that huge dick.   Once the blonde is riding that shaft reverse cowgirl style, the brunette is enjoying the view and licking his balls before moving in front to lick her tits. This is hot, loved watching these two beautiful babes fuck this massive cock. For all of them, this was something they could only dream about. Babes enjoyed every moment, so as one of them was busy with giving blowjob and a handjob, the other one was sitting on her man, giving him a chance to make her cum by licking her pussy. She ground her pussy into his face as she grabbed his head and came hard for him. His face was covered with her juices when she pulled his head out from her crotch. As the action went on, things became even wilder, with balls deep missionary penetration for the brunette who already lost count of how many times she came. If she could, she would scream, but her head was already stuck in blonde’s huge ass. God, two of the absolutely best bodies in the industry in the same scene! Love it! Their big tits, nice butts, pussies, the double blow job, and fucking both girls tight holes pushed him over the edge. Dude came hard into the blonde and let the other babe lick it all out. His thick cum dripping out of her cunt into the other slut’s mouth is epic. This scene is so fucken hot! 