The two are at the Country Club, enjoying a sunny day. This MILF has a pair of really nice tits on here. On top of that, she is one of the horniest and sluttiest bitches out there. In fact, she’s on her third husband and she’s still as horny as ever. It might have something to do with the fact that she has massive tits and all men want her, but nevertheless she is all in for fucking. Meanwhile, her stepdaughter doesn’t seem interested in sex. She’s more interested in boring stuff like reading. Well, the MILF saw this one black employee serving them drinks at the hotel and she immediately knew what to do. She left her daughter at the pool and went to find the black employee cleaning up their room and tidying up. The hot woman wanted to get some extra service for him if he would want it. She took his cock out and got on her knees to suck him off. She started blowing the dude and he immediately got hard as a rock. When her stepdaughter cam back to the room she was completely appalled by what she was seeing. Her mom convinced her to try it out. The girl had never seen a black cock in real life. First there was a little resistance but slowly her mouth opened and her stepmom guided the black thing in there. She smiled around the cock in her mouth, lowering her face until the entire dick was buried in her throat. Then both mom and daughter pushed him onto his back and climbed on top of him. MILF sat on his face when the teen girl lowered her young cunt onto his dick. She was hesitant but soon enough she was relaxed with the sexual encounter and she even wanted to make it a threesome when she started grabbing her stepmom’s boobs from behind. It wasn’t long after that that the naked girls were licking each other’s pussy and asshole while still fucking the black dude with the monster cock that they were absolutely amazed by. The babes definitely loved what the guy had to offer them as he fucked them hard for hours upon hours. Both babes went away from the encounter feeling incredibly satisfied. 