Young short-haired brunette looks like she is all business, as she has another potential buyer today. She is showing him all the rooms around the house while dressed up in a suit and stockings. Even though she has been doing this job for only a month, she is already incredibly successful. But what her colleagues don’t know is that she is ready to do the extra mile. Whenever this real estate agent feels that the customer is undecided, this sexy teen makes an effort to encourage him to do the right thing. When this bold man is on the fence, she is quick to show him her underwear and making him relax on the sofa as she is willing to pull a dick out of his pants and stroke it wildly. That is only the beginning as soon after, this slut is giving a blowjob that turns into a throat fucking session. Many dicks have already been inside of her mouth, but this one is a challenge. It’s not only long but also fat, so the teen is struggling to take it all in. But the challenge is what she loves. It gives her a chance to learn how to handle such an enormous rod. Her face is messy with saliva and his precum. Teen babe handles it well even when he is rock hard, as she manages to swallow most of it. Impressing her customer is something she must do at any cost, so no wonder he’s soon entering her pussy. He bends her over, hikes her black dress up to her waist, guides the head of his cock to her puffy cunt lips and forces himself inside! As he drills her over the kitchen counter, she is looking at him while making him slap her face and hold her neck. Sexy teen always had a thing for rough sex, as she has learned a long time ago that this is what makes her cum even harder. As this real estate agent shows off all the home’s best selling points, watch her get porked in every room in the house! Finally, they move to the bedroom as she is finally only in her red underwear. Her boobs might be small, but her pussy is a perfect fit for his raging shaft.   He is having so much fun impaling her reverse cowgirl style, as her moaning proves that he is doing things the right way. They were so much in a hurry that she is wearing her bra and panties as he continues hammering her. A short break comes only when sexy teen is again sucking his rod, to enjoy her pussy juices. He takes his huge cock and runs it over her lips and face, the precum making her lips and face shine with the wetness. But the intense action continues once he bangs her meat hole missionary style. Obsessed with her short hair, he holds it as his cock pounding into her pussy while watching her in the eyes. There are signs of struggle on her face, almost like she is about to cry, but at the same time, she would never make him stop. That way of thinking is what makes her rewarded as sexy teen rides him cowgirl style while he is playing with her asshole. As he continues to impale her, she now imagines what would happen if that thing was inside her anal entrance. She enjoys seeing her face in the mirror as she continues being impaled. When her customer is about to cum this little slut immediately takes his hot throbbing dick in her mouth. Keeping her lips loose, she works her head, fucking the long cock with her mouth, making him cum in her mouth. She grins around the grins cockhead, letting his cum spill over her lips and pour onto her tits, cascading over her chin like a waterfall. The customer steps back on shaky legs, pulling his drained cock from her mouth.