I am always in the hunt for new girls for my project, and today I met this stunning brunette on the city streets. It looked like she was in a hurry, but I needed to try something. When I asked her to show me her big tits for money, she didn’t hesitate too much. It was a quick way for her to earn some cash, and she didn’t mind that we were on the streets. Those juggs were giant, and of course, I wanted more. They were so soft and pleasant to touch, just like her big ass. The next thing  I wanted from her is to get down on her knees and suck my dick. I was the one risking here, as I had no clue if she is up for the task. Luckily, this street slut was acting like a pro. I bet she had tens of dick in her mouth as she was enjoying when playing with my shaft. Her actions only gave me another idea, and that is for her to remove her clothes and let me inspect her pussy. I pulled her white lace panties to the side and there was her tight pussy. I couldn’t believe my eyes, she had a big clit! I kneeled between her open legs slowly wanking the head of my cock against her clit. It was out from under its hood and hard as a rock. She was dripping wet and ready to go, so I inserted my thing in her snatch missionary style. We were still outside, so somebody could come in every second. That is what made things even more exciting and we both loved it so much. We’ve just met, but to me, it felt like we’re made for each other. I could only see the smile on her face as she was taking my dick balls deep. Have I mentioned that she had big tits? I loved watching my cock disappear into her pussy, her big clit was bumping against me. Girls with big clitoris are the best! Meanwhile she rolled over on her stomach and stuck her big ass in the air. I kept fucking her doggy style, before finally she rode me cowgirl style. Her big clit was rubbing against my shaft as the babe rocked back and forth. Such a fine woman could be rewarded only in one way – with liters of cum covering her giant juggs. She wanked me off all over her big tits! 