I date a girl for the past few months, and she is sweet and lovely. She has an impressive body, and I especially like about her that she is always horny, and her pussy shaved. Since our first Valentine’s Day was approaching, she told me that I shouldn’t buy her anything, cause she has a surprise for me. And she did. When I came to her place, she told me to get naked and wait for her. She came back in a sluty red lingerie, and she looked so tempting in it. However, the surprise was that she had a small remote-controlled vibrator in her pussy, and I was able to control it through my phone. It was so exciting watching her tinkle with just a slight move of my thumb. I could control her orgasm, making her squirm with pleasure, tremble, teasing and torturing her pussy. She already had an orgasm and thick white juice was seeping out of her cunt. Her pussy lips were trembling and her pussy was covered in her juice. Of course, that was just an introduction for what she wanted, and that is to bang her myself like a slut, which is also something that I wanted to a lot. As I was lying on my back on the bed, she came in front of me, grabbed my cock, and started sucking it just the way I like it. She is such a good cock-sucker and adores giving me a blowjob. I threw her on the bed, grabbed her legs, spread them and pressed my mouth hard to her pussy. I licked wildly. Pressing my mouth hard against her pussy, I pushed my tongue between the parted lips and pushed it in as far as I could. Her thighs squeezed my head as another orgasm washed over her. I kept lapping her juices out of pussy before I grabbed her, put her on my dick, and started fucking her in a reversed cowgirl position. She was so sensitive down there that she almost came immediately one more time. I was so close to cumming too. I felt her pussy closing around my cock, it was clamping down on me like a vise. She squealed with delight when I shot load after load of warm cum into her quivering body. She screamed as she came once again, her whole body thrashed about in a huge orgasm. That day, we had sex for at least five times, and I remember that finally, my dick even hurt me a little from all that cumming. Still, it was my best Valentine’s day ever. 