I always thought that my stepdad acts weird around me. I was in the backyard talking on the phone with James, a guy I had a crush on, when my weirdo stepdad came to me. His hand slowly moved down to my breast, his fingers touching me. He kept pawing me so I thought if I let him feel me up a little, maybe it would be enough. My mind was trying to decide what to do. His his hand was between my thighs rubbing my pussy through denim. I was surprised by how I reacted as my pussy immediately started to produce juices. Still, I was playing tough on him. My stepdad told me how frustrated he was that my mom was not fucking him for a while. My weirdo stepdad wanted me to help him! I knew this was wrong and forbidden, but it was not like he was my real dad. Plus, I was here for the learning experience! Boys of my age are pretty much clueless about sex, and my stepdad seems so cool about fucking me. I was holding a dick that had been inside my mom so many times, and that felt so perverted. We were outside on a beautiful day and I’m gonna fuck someone much older than me for the first time. The first thing I did was to get on my knees and start sucking his shaft as hard as I could. That thing was already big when I pulled it out of his pants, but by now, it was a huge one-eyed snake that impressed me. I licked his dick completely, giving a little squeeze to his head with my lips and flicking my tongue all over it. I was still playing with it using my tongue while thinking about it how it would drill me later. I could feel his cock began to throb in my mouth but suddenly James called. He was ready for me to come over. I was happy! But later I found out that he had a girlfriend.   My weirdo stepdad was there to help me and once again, his hand was between my legs. His fingers traced gentle line along the sensitive inner part of my thigh. I was ready to give him another chance. I know how boys feel about my firm, round backside, they love my ass, and I flaunt it every chance I get so I just turned over and pulled my shorts down, exposing my ass to my stepdad. Seductively I slid my panties off my ass and down my legs, letting the old pervert enjoy the view of my teenage pussy. In a minute I was butt naked standing over his boner reverse cowgirl style. I felt his cock pressing against me as it tried to find its way inside. Guiding the head of his cock I lowered myself onto him. I was going deep on that huge think while demanding that he slaps my behind. It was painful, but I loved it! Holding my ass he pounded into me. I never felt so loved like when that huge rod was inside of me missionary style as I was playing with my clit before I came. It was also terrific when I turned around for him to penetrate me doggy. I was in heaven, saying to him with my eyes that he can go harder and deeper. I wanted him to continue and to treat me like a teenage whore. My tits were bouncing like crazy as he continued his mission, making me lose my mind! As my mom was coming home, we had to stop, but as soon as she went away I was deepthroating my stepdad and shoving his shaft deep inside of me, knowing that I’m ready to cum once more. Finally, his load was all over my body.