Some girlfriends get really jealous whenever their boyfriend even dares look at another chick. Well, I understand what my boyfriend needs and I don’t get jealous at all. In fact, I make sure that he feels good all the time so I decided to spice things up for his birthday. I found a teen escort and decided to put a teen slut in a gift box for him to open. When he finally opened it, he couldn’t believe his eyes. In front of him was one hot teen babe and she had natural tits and a natural ass. After all, I had to hype her up first as we unveiled her tits and ass to see the goods that we were paying for. I watched my boyfriend spread her legs and work his tongue into her wet cunt. He was drooling all over her cunt and my own pussy became moist too. It wasn’t hard for me to figure out what would happen next since I arranged for her to get fucked by him in pretty much every way. I just let him go at it and the babe immediately got down to business by sucking him off. I wanted to watch the entire thing to make it even sexier for my boyfriend. The slut was looking me in the eyes as she sucked my his cock. He grabbed her head and pushed his hard cock deep down her throat! After he got the blowjob it was time for him to fuck her and this was the moment I was really waiting for. He took her by her legs and thighs and started drilling her from the front. Not long after that, he switched her around and fucked her from behind too. I was mesmerized watching my boyfriend fucking her like an animal. The bitch rode his cock fiercely too, slamming herself down on him with all of her might. Swirling her in his arms, he put her in a standing 69 position and they kept pleasuring each other orally. Teen slut was hanging upside down with my boyfriend’s cock in her mouth while she ate her cunt out. It was like he got a lot of new interest in sex and I definitely think that he’ll enjoy more of these surprises in the future. Meanwhile, he’ll give me some amazing fuck session too and I couldn’t be happier with how things turned out. 