What about cute teens, big black cocks and a creampie finish? This pale blonde might be a dumb bimbo, but she knows what she wants. She knows that black men have bigger dicks and come a lot. A horny teen girl couldn’t help thinking about his beautiful body and his black cock. While he fucked his wife last night she imagined that it was her young, little pussy that was being fucked hard. Today, however, he figured out a way to sneak into her neighbor’s house where she hopes to seduce him. The blonde goes upstairs where she peeps into the bathroom where she sees the dude taking a shower. She decides that the best course of action would be to surprise him. The girl takes off her clothes in front of the bathroom and while the dude is distracted from all the water, she gets in there completely naked and strokes his cock. The naked black guy is taken aback for a second as he tries to figure out what’s going on and who in the world is grabbing his dick while he’s taking a shower. After he sees that it’s one of the hottest teen blondes in the neighborhood, he lets her to play with his penis. It’s something all these white girls want after all. The young naked girl looks at his monster cock and she can’t believe the size of it. The only thing she could possibly compare it to would be a horse cock. His big black balls hang loosely and the teen just stare, mesmerized. She got on her knees, his big black cock waving in front of her face. He shoves his cock at her face and she opens her mouth to taste it. She moves her tongue slowly over the end, exciting him. Anyway, she manages to seduce him into at least receiving a blowjob and she had to have a good showing if she wanted to get more out of him. Naturally, she wants to get some hardcore sex so she starts sucking that dick like it’s the only time she is ever going to get the opportunity. Hot blonde teen does it so well that the black dude gets hard within seconds. That’s when he takes this slutty blonde and plunges is huge black cock into her little white pussy.   The stud pushes her legs up into the air and while holding her legs apart, he shoves his enormous, black dick balls deep into her swollen pussy. Her pink pussy lips are stretched tight, as that dark missile pumps her little twat mercilessly. Her teenage hot, wet cunt was too tight for him and he starts to blow his load deep inside her. The feeling of his hot cum flowing inside her body is amazing. The white girl has a shuddering orgasm, gasping and moaning. He pulls his dick out and a stream of creamy, white sperm flows from her slit. Cum juice is slowly leaking down her ass crack. The girl scoops up some cum with her fingers and tastes it. He thrusts his black dick into her, pushing cum back into her pussy. He keeps drilling her from every conceivable position. He doesn’t hold back and he gives her pussy a hardcore pounding, filling her with his black cum again and again. The chick candn’t believe how hard she is being fucked, lets alone the fact that this dude has one of the biggest monster cocks she has ever seen, and that includes all the porn she’s been watching online. This gorgeous, white ass sticking up in the air are enough to drive any black man crazy. He fondles her milky, white tits, with his rough, black hands, pumping more cum into her little pussy, one creampie after another. This little girl just loves having this big, black cock tearing her hot snatch up. It is an amazing experience for her and she definitely takes the time to feel his cock inside of her every step of the way. Her pussy is drenched, tiny rivers of cum dripping down her thighs, the blonde returns home with a big smile! This is the only interracial creampie site on the internet. Don’t miss more amazing scenes with white teens and black cocks!