Brazzers is one of the biggest porn production companies in the adult industry. During the time, they filmed thousands of beautiful models who we all watched on video so many times. Therefore, can you imagine a party in which those models would be together? Well, such thing happened at this year’s Brazzers Valentine’s Day party, which turned into an insane orgy with lots of ass fucking, feet licking, and all those nasty things why we love Brazzers so much. Most of the girls came in red dresses, while all the guys wore a tuxedo, so it was all very classy and fancy. However, up-stair in the rooms, it was not so classy at all. On the contrary, there those elegant ladies and polite gentlemen turned into submissive whores and tantalizing studs, which is they enjoy being a lot more. In one of the rooms, there was an orgy that included two guys and two hot naked girls. Where, at least there were two guys and two girls at the beginning since as the party moved forward, they were joined by lots of other sluts and men who wanted to fuck solely for their pleasure and nothing else. A quick glance at the screen and it is an orgy with many naked girls. Every bed was occupied with couples having sex. Of course, it is unnecessary to say that all the girls looked gorgeous as they always are, and we can surely say the same for the guys. Their big dicks were so hard for the whole time, and the girls knew what to do in such cases.   The babes got so voluptuous and horny that almost each one of them got fucked in her ass, and after that, cleaned the cock by putting it in her mouth. Smiling and laughing they sucked one cock after another, sometimes taking two cocks together. Fourteen girls enjoyed being spanked like naughty little girls, and some of them even preferred a guy to step on their face while he bangs her filthy butt hole. Those who were a bit too selfish, or should we say – to horny, even managed to find two guys to fuck them at the same time, although unlike most of the other parties, at this one was a small shortage of cocks comparing to pussies. It could also be seen how girls squirt. The most perverted ones even got shove two cocks in their hungry mouth and suck them together, then gets double penetrated. Of course, it shouldn’t even be mentioned that not a single drop of cum was wasted by falling on the floor or loading into pussy. They were coming and cumming, one cock after another. Every guy did it into some of the bitches’ mouth, allowing her to swallow it, but only after she shares it with her naked, perverted, sluty whore friend. This was by far the craziest and best party ever held on Valentine’s Day, and probably on any other day. It looks like that Brazzers has set standards in organizing events too.