When he finally realized that his wife Jennifer is cheating on him, Daniel had lots of negative thoughts. Every time his wife spoke to him, all he could think about was her lies. He was even thinking about following in her until he finds and kills a man who fucks her. Daniel goes to a bar to drown his sorrows. There he met a beautiful young girl called Nicole. She is a prostitute, and she saw right away that he needs some attention. Daniel was mad at his wife, and Nicole was so tempting. She was obviously flirting. What if his cheating wife felt even an ounce of what he was feeling? If he cheated on her, would she even care? He took her and brought her to a rental apartment. The slut was so voluptuous and, as soon as they got in, she kneeled, unzipped his pants, took his cock out and stuck it in her mouth. She was sucking it like a professional whore that she was. Daniel enjoyed it, but while he was looking at her, he was seeing his wife sucking his dick. He could even hear Jennifer talking to him. He could hear her asking him if he is enjoying fucking with another person as much as she did. He placed the prostitute on the bed and started fucking her in a missionary pose, but he still couldn’t get his slut wife out of his head. He could hear her saying to him how he could never satisfy her enough and that she only pretended to have orgasms with him, just like this little slut is doing it right now. He started to get more aggressive, channeling his anger into the sex. He slammed his cock into her cunt, getting all his anger out on her hole. Daniel took out his cock and came to Nicole’s stomach. He wiped his cock off on the prostitute’s face and drove home, feeling guilty. He had never cheated on his wife before. The next morning. His wife made breakfast while he sat staring at her. Daniel knew that Jennifer couldn’t wait till he left the room to check her phone. He could barely keep from exploding as images of their affair flashed in his mind.   He needed to do something to distract her and he poured his coffee down his shirt. His wife told him to take his shirt off while she fetched some detergent and went out of the room. Alone, Daniel scaned the message. They were setting up a date RIGHT IN FRONT OF HIS FACE! There was an address. That night, he took a taxi to the address, he had to get there, he had what to see. Daniel wandered through the lavish house, past closed doors with raunchy activities happening inside. He came upon a crowded room. Inside, there he could see his wife, naked and submissive, in the middle of a group of people. Naked men and women… His wife was having an orgy with black men and white men and some sluts, and all of them were there just for her pleasure! PART 2 – It’s truly amazing how you can draw such excellent performances from all of these actors some of whom up until before Adulttime had limited opportunity to exploit their dramatic talents in an intelligent well thought out story-line. It’s quite rewarding and enjoyable to see many familiar models in something other than a weakly vaguely scripted vid that is really nothing more than a fluffed up gonzo sequence. To be continued…