I have the pleasure of being a next-door neighbor to this gorgeous, exotic Asian hottie. One day, while I was strolling past her house, I caught a glimpse of her in the bathroom and simply had to come closer and get a better look. Luckily, her expensive bathroom had this large window so I was able to see everything and even get my phone out to record the show. My hot neighbor was completely naked sitting at the edge of her bathtub and she was using a shower to massage and pleasure her tiny, aching pussy. Her tight, petite body looked incredible with those small, jiggly tits and a pair of perky, dark nipples. I got too cocky enjoying the show and it was nothing surprising that she soon saw me staring and recording her and started yelling at me to come inside and explain myself. She had only managed to put her bathrobe on while I was doing my best to come up with some sort of an excuse. Fortunately, petite girl was as kinky and mischievous as she was hot and she promised she wouldn’t call the cops if I rammed her tiny snatch with my massive schlong. She didn’t have to tell me twice and, just moments later, she was disrobing in front of me and we ended up on her bed. I was lying on my back with my huge boner sticking out as she placed herself between my legs. Her luscious lips grasped my throbbing shaft and young naked girl immediately started bobbing her head up and down while giving me a steamy and passionate blowjob. At first, she couldn’t even fit half of my rod down her throat without choking but, as time went on, tiny girl was getting used to it and started swallowing more and more of it. Her petite hands were stroking the base of my shaft in rhythm as cutie continued losing breath while deepthroating. More than eager to return the favor, I tongue-fucked her already dripping wet snatch and licked her all up before finally placing the tip of my cock next to her tiny whole. She was already so warm and wet that I immediately slid all the way in her small pussy, feeling myself stretching her immensely. Considering both of us were losing our minds with horniness, it didn’t take long to shoot a thick load and give her the first creampie. However, that was just the beginning as I continued ramming her with the same intensity and even picking up the pace. Petite girl squealed with delight, urging me on to cum in her again. There was so much cum that it running out and down her cute little ass. My big cock was forcing my cum deep inside her vagina. Exotic neighbor mounted my dong in reverse cowgirl and impaled herself into yet another messy creampie. From there on out, we kept going without stopping, hungry to feel each other every way possible. She wouldn’t stop screaming in pleasure and from all the orgasms and her tiny, wet, aching hole ended up leaking loads of my hot, white, warm cum. 