A few months ago, I started my marketing agency. So far, I had lots of clients, and one of my most recent ones was a fitness club for which I had to do a theme calendar. I decided to organize a casting and invite young, pretty girls to come for the shooting. Lots of gorgeous-looking teens showed, but one of them was so tempting. Her name was Ellie, and she was 18. She had a very slim body and one of those sluty little faces. When she got to my house, she did a few poses to show me what she can do. I told her that we aim to make a very attractive calendar and that, for that reason, she also needs to be comfortable with showing her body naked. Complete amateur Ellie had never modelled before but she pulled up her top and showed me her beautiful small tits. I then asked her to pull down her pants and show me her butt. Her ass was so sweet and perfect that I wanted to stick my face in it immediately. While I was touching her tits for “checking,” my dick got so hard. I wasted no time suggesting she could better her chances if she made me happy and she obliged with some apprehension. She obediently opened her mouth and I fed my cock in. She did it like a dirty little whore that she is. I grabbed her head and gagged her on my cock, and I saw that she fucking enjoyed it. As she sucked on my nuts I began slapping her cute face with my cock. Then I asked her to take off her clothes and she revealed a young, perfectly-unblemished, all natural body. She leaned her slender body on the sofa, spread her legs for me and her eyes were focused on my dick. I guided the head of my cock to her wet pussy lips, and pushed into her warmth. Once inside, I started giving long, hard thrusts. What a tight and toned body she had! She had the most beautiful pussy I had every seen, it was smooth and tidy, with a nice tight slit. The newness of that young pussy was also evident as she writhe and moaned with every thrust of my big dick. I loved fucking her skinny fit body, she was so sexy. Her ass was small and firm and she writhed in pleasure as I fucked her from behind. I fucked her on the couch like a slut and came all over her pretty face. 