Dont miss one of the most highly anticipated adult films in recent history! Daniel and Jennifer are a couple in mid-thirties who have been married for a few years. The woman is British, slightly chubby, but with fantastic tits. His wife is very tempting and an enormous slut. She loves being dirty in sex, and she never gets enough cock, although her hubby fucks her every day. One day, she was out for 10 hours, and during that time, she didn’t reply to any of his text messages. When she came home, she told him that her phone was dead and that she was with her friend, but he didn’t believe her and made a scene. His wife didn’t want to argue, and she went to bed. The next day, while they were riding in a car, he apologized for his behavior, and she told him that he has nothing to worry about. When they came home that day, they had fantastic reconciliation sex. Jennifer lay on a bed, took off her shoes, and spread her legs like a whore, allowing her hubby to lick her pussy and apologize for making a scene yesterday. She placed her hand on the top of his head, stroking his hair while his tongue explored her wet slit. Then his wife sat on him, grounding her pussy onto his cock, wriggling her fat ass from side to side. Daniel pulled his wife closer and kissing her. He grabbed hold of her ass with both hands and squeezed her cheeks as she rode him like a cowgirl slut. She fell against him and her big tits were against his face. He sucked on her perfect boobs. Later Jennifer took the dick out of her pussy and stuck it into her filthy mouth, all the way down her whore throat. She is such a nasty cock-sucker, and she can stick his whole cock in her mouth. He fucked her again in a missionary position watching her boobs bounce with each thrust. He forcefully fucked her with long hard strokes. Daniel came all over her big tits and her face.   Cum dripping down her face as she smiled like such a whore. He was still a little worried, and while she went to the bathroom to take a shower, he grabbed her phone and saw dirty text messages by some guy, saying how much he likes her lingerie and her pussy. This time, he was sure that his wife is cheating him, but he wasn’t sure with whom. She even asked the man to come to the house and sneak in so the neighbors wouldn’t see. He imagined some man fucking his wife in their bedroom and cumming into her mouth. Knowing what a slut she is and how much she likes the cock, he wouldn’t be surprised if there is more than one man who fucked his wife. He even had a thought of her having a gangbang. His nightmares started, and he didn’t know how to confront her, nor what to say. He was too jealous. He wanted to get a gun and kill anyone who fucked his sluty whore wife. The cuckold and cheating movies are the best. Beautifully filmed. One of the worst emotional sufferings a man can experience is the idea of the woman he loves fucking another man behind his back. The viewer absolutely experiences all of that in this episode. Download all the episodes of this film. It is a marvel of adult cinematography, raw sexual energy, and powerful dramatic performances.