Recently, I put out an ad online, looking for a roommate. I expect some sweaty fat dude that’ll pay rent on time. But instead, I got a hot brunette chick living with me. I was happy, but I never meant to pursue anything. That is, of course, until I caught her while she was in the shower. Imagine this brunette beauty, with crushing thighs, juicy tits, and a round, delicious ass. She was showering, and then suddenly, she was masturbating. She was moving her hands all across her wet and tight pussy, and you could see that she was enjoying herself. Her plump, beautiful lips, looked terrific, and she bit them with excitement. Her eyes revealed pleasure, and I was so damn excited just to see her fully naked. I got a massive boner suddenly, and I couldn’t help myself. I’ll admit it. I spied on her for a little while. I watched her touch herself and moan, and I watched her as she squirted liters, because she was so excited. I had never seen a girl squirt before except in a porn video. Unfortunately, since I’m a dumb ass, I slipped, and she heard me. At first, my naked roommate was shocked. But pretty soon, her shock turned into curiosity, and then, her angry eyes were gone. Instead, she had a pleasant look, and her lips soon became wider, turning into a wicked smile. I knew right there that this is about to be fun, and she invited me to bang. I whipped out my already erect cock. Luckily, I have a horse cock, so I knew that I could please her. In like a matter of seconds, the naked beauty was on her knees, and she was drooling all over it. The fact that she struggled to fit it all in honestly excited me. It was too big for her, and you could see the ambition to swallow it whole in her eyes. But we couldn’t waste time on blowjobs all night.   The sexy babe stood over me, lowered her slender body onto my waiting prick, impaling her pussy on my hard, throbbing cock. Yes, she was not shaved; she had a bush. It was lovely. So many bald pussies these days. I like hairy pussies, it’s womanly, it’s sexy. At first, she rode my sweet, long, rock hard cock. But, then I turned her around and let her have her time with me, reverse cowgirl style. I plowed that sweet pussy, and I could feel it squeezing as it invited me even deeper inside! After fucking me like that for a while, the babe wanted to taste her pussy on my fat cock. So, she sucked me off once again. This bitch was so promiscuous that I had to fuck her some more. I turned her around and kept banging her in the missionary position. Her stunning eyes, her red cheeks, her shaking voice, everything about her turned me on. I looked at her perfectly sized and shaped natural breasts. I had never seen anything so erotic in my life. Moving back and forth in long slow strokes, my cock completely disappearing on each thrust. She was groaning continuously, rolling her hips upward to get more of my dick. Her legs wrapped around my back and she tried to pull me deeper inside her hairy cunt. She screamed out her orgasm as her body shuddered and shook. So, I couldn’t hold myself anymore! I had to nut in that fucking pussy, and I did that! Holy shit!