Daniel wandered through the lavish house, past closed doors with raunchy activities happening inside. He came upon a crowded room. He opened the door and inside, he saw his wife, fully naked and submissive, in the middle of a group of people. Naked women and men. Although there were three more other women and only two guys, it was his wife who was in the center of a gangbang. One of the guys was black, the other one was white, while three naked girls around. Naked women and men were licking his wife’s big breasts, his wife was kissing one girl, while there were so many hands on her body: on her tits, her pussy, her legs, etc. She adored having each one of these sluts licking her pussy, and each of them made her feel an orgasm she has never felt before. As a slut she is, she enjoyed watching the two girls getting banged by studs while the third girl was playing with her pussy. While her pussy was being licked, she watched the second girl getting fucked and having her feet sucked, while the third girl was getting fucked in the doggy style and having her beautiful ass spanked. She was having so much fun, much more than she ever had with her husband, who was still watching them. There were a man and his wife, clearly they were the hosts of the sex party. They encouraged his wife as he watched in horror. The men took turns shoving their cocks in and out of his wife’s cunt and the naked women licked her asshole and clit. He felt angry, disappointed, especially when he saw his wife in a spit roaster with two studs. A black guy came in his wife’s mouth and the other one came on her big tits. They both wiped their dirty pricks off his wife’s breast and then three naked girls began to lick their cum off his wife big tits. He had never seen anything hornier. Seeing his wife choking on a big black dick like a nasty, filthy whore was what he couldn’t take any more, so he left. Will his wife welcome him this evening as nothing happened? Will she kiss him with the lips with which she sucked cocks a few hours before? When the orgy was finished, the estate was quiet and the guests had all left. The male host walked to his car, Daniel watched him from the bushes. Smug little pervert. Disgusting piece of shit. He stormed the man and pinned him against the car! Episode 4 is coming… 