A gorgeous-looking couple in the late thirties went to a spa center. Since Spencer is working a lot, he doesn’t pay much attention to his wife, so he wanted to make it up to her. He booked a massage for both of them, but while the masseuse was giving a massage to his wife, Spencer got hard, which was slightly embarrassing for everyone. The masseuse suggested him to go and do a facial, while she gives a pedicure to his wife, which is what he accepted. When he left, his wife started complaining to the masseuse how he never pays any attention to her, so the masseuse told her that maybe she should get that attention from someone else. While she was giving her that lustful look, she said that it doesn’t necessarily need to come from a guy and that she is happy to have their little secret. His wife was already naked, and the horny masseuse took her clothes off too in a second. She was a young sexy woman with long blond hair and a perfect body. She enjoyed licking her client’s pussy like a good little whore, which was only before the naked girls started scissoring on the table. Their pussies were so wet, and they enjoyed it so much that they made an enormous noise. On the other side, Spencer didn’t go just for the facial, either. Well, he didn’t get the facial, at least. The masseuse who was giving him a massage was an even bigger slut that her colleague, who was serving his wife. She told Spencer to take off all of his clothes. He was lying on his stomach, while behind his back, the sluty masseuse took off her clothes and oiled her beautiful body. The naked girl lay on him and started rubbing her tits of his back. Spencer was surprised at first, but of course, he didn’t refuse. He rolled over onto his back and his masseuse kept massaging his cock with her naked tits. Then she just reached up, grabbed his balls with one hand and stuffed her mouth with his cock. He held on to the massage table with both hands watching the crazy slut fucking his cock with her mouth. She attacked his nuts with her mouth, bathing his big boys in her slobbery mouth.   Masseuse gave him a fantastic blowjob like only whores such as she can provide. Then the naked girl sat on his cock and jumped on it like a wild cowgirl. She loves being manhandled, so she enjoyed while he was pulling her hair and spanking her naughty ass. She reached around behind her back and grabbed his balls, massaging and squeezing them as her cunt gripped his prick every more tightly. She made him fuck her harder, the reward coming immediatel as she began to squirt all over his cock! He had never bought his wife to a squirting orgasm. In this spa masseuses knew how to put their customers in the mood for love! Finally, he put his naked masseuse on the floor and came all over her sluty face, and the bitch was so happy that she got the cum all over her. Spencer got dressed and came back to the room where his wife was, but when he came there, he saw her in action with the other masseuse. He wasn’t angry at all. On the contrary, his dick became hard again. He joined the girls by fucking the masseuse from the back like a slut while his wife was sitting on her face and letting her lick her wet pussy. He spanked his wife’s ass how she likes it, and it was all so nasty and dirty. He came again, and the girls shared the cum. It was a fantastic day at the spa. Download and enjoy all 3 parts!