Nerdy schoolgirl always had a crush on a boy from her class but was still too shy to do something about it. Finally, she showed the courage to visit him, carrying her books to study together. In her mind, that was the perfect plan to get close to him, and maybe one he will fall in love with her. His dad opened the door and said to her is that his son had had to do something outside, but that she was welcome to come in and wait. Having no choice, the shy girl decided to stay a bit. His dad seems cool, so why not. But, all her dreams were crushed when she was waiting for him. She found his journal and discovered the he had been dating another girl. She wants to get back at him! Sitting next to his dad, a man much older than her, she felt that she became moist between her legs. She approached him, yanking down his pants and feasting her eyes on his meaty dong! The petite schoolgirl wrapped her fingers around his rod and sucked it seductively. Now the man was more interested in her barely legal body. It’s something new for her to feel so wanted, and that is why she decided to let him to do whatever he wanted, even fuck her face, make her gag, grab her hair and push his big penis down her throat. Maybe this is what she needs – an older lover who will teach her all about lovemaking. That is where she is wrong, as this is more about rough sex than anything else. But this is what she loves as she is doing her best to suck that thing and impress him. He is such a strong man that he lifts her and make her ride a fake dick horizontally. She is natural, a babe that is not afraid to have her limits tested. Even though she is petite, that is not an obstacle for her. Finally, his boner was inside of her little pussy standing doggy style before they moved back to the couch as he slapped her behind while she rode him cowgirl style. Of course, it hurt her to have such a giant shaft inside of her incredibly tight pussy, but she knew she couldn’t quit now. This experience was something that she needed so much.   A smile was on her pretty face as that huge dick was banging her reverse cowgirl style. All the boys from her school will see that she is not a nerd anymore. She will suck their cocks with passion and eat their cum while enjoying the surprised look on their faces. But at this moment, her current session must end well. Her lover is now impaling her bald pussy doggy style as she can feel it going deeper inside of her, inch by inch. Once his balls are slapping hard against her clit, it’s like she got an A on the test. It’s a huge achievement for such a tiny spinner! The finish also needs to be perfect. As she never tasted cum, this is the best moment to do it. While stroking his big dick, the schoolgirl takes it in her little mouth and makes his cum like a bull. As semen is running down her mouth, she knows she did well! Watch more young porn with the tiniest, smallest, youngest and hottest 18 year old girls. They love suck and get fucked hard by the biggest and hardest cocks in the industry! Their tiny and ultra tight pussies and assholes are going to get stretched out and loosened up as they are pounded hard by their lovers’ huge throbbing erections! These petite girls will love getting their fuck holes creampied and their dirty teen faces smeared with cumю