I was being sick one day when my boss, who wouldn’t let me rest, appeared at my front door and started harassing me to try harder. She was being a bitch but she was also incredibly hot. Her fit, slim body looked even better in a tight dress she wore, and those sexy glasses perfectly complemented the naughty office look. However, even all of that wasn’t enough for me to keep up with her nagging and so she quickly fired me. I didn’t care that much but, as it turned out, she had other things on her dirty mind. The moment she realized I wasn’t her employee anymore, my former boss turned into a complete slut. Hottie knelt in front of me, pulled my pants down and let me strip her dress! I couldn’t believe my eyes, I had a stunning babe in erotic lingerie passionately slobbering on my raging boner. Cutie was so hungry for it she kept choking while trying to deepthroat the whole thing. My cock ended up all slippery. This minx stood up, removed her panties, turned around and, to my surprise, placed her tight asshole at the tip of my rod. The head of my cock was right between her ass cheeks. I was hard and lubed up from that sloppy blowjob, and she was so horny that I immediately went in, penetrating her tiny hole. Her moans of pleasure turned me on even more so I grabbed her hips and impaled her balls deep. After that, there was nothing stopping her. She was relentlessly riding me with that amazing ass, turning around and trying to feel my rod in every angle possible. I was fucking so deep into her ass that she felt my heavy sack brushing against the sensitive skin between her two holes. “Fuck… fuck my ASS!” she squealed! I grabbed a handful of her hair and yanked her head back while drilling my cock into her butt hole! I could tell she liked it. She liked having rough ANAL sex. Also, she was a naughty squirter so, any time she’d cum from anal, she squirted all over me until I reached my limits and exploded with jizz. This woman fucks like a demon! Porn – Good. Hardcore Porn – Better. Anal Porn – Even Better. Anal Porn with a squirting orgasm – Fucking The Best! 