His blonde stepmom has a secret – she is a lesbian, and she has a thing for girls. Little does her husband know that the source of his wive excitement is lesbian porn that makes her pussy wet when they are in bed. The camera pans across a bathroom. The woman leaned against the bathroom counter, secretly looking at candid photos of girls on her phone. Her hand is between her legs, rubbing her clit, but she is rudely interrupted by her husband calling her from down the stairs. He wants her to come and say goodbye. She kisses his cheek and pushes him out of the door. She hates having to have sex with her husband. What makes her happy is her stepson. He has to bring girls over so his stepmom could take advantage of them. ‘I pay you for every qualified lead you deliver to me!’ he shakes his head ‘You’re a psycho!’ But the dude knows what kind of situation she is in with his father. If anyone found out about his stepmom’s hobbies, it would be the end of his father political career. And their wealth. And his trust fund. Several days later he opens the front door and leads another pretty college girl into the house. She is a stunner, and MILF is already in love with her but will have to hide for now. Once her stepson and his girlfriend have their session, it’s an intense one. The brunette beauty is proud to show her deepthroating skills, but she has no idea that his stepmother is around and watching her doing it. It is so perverted, but she can’t help it. As she is in a tight black dress, she is already playing with the gorgeous body while thinking about that young college student and her perfect ass and her shaved pussy. His girlfriend gets fully naked, sits on his lap and guides his dick into her pussy. The girl has an amazing ass, he moves his hands onto her full, round cheeks, which bounce and jiggle.   His naked stepmom is still hiding while playing with her snatch and licking her lips in anticipation. Does she become horny, it’s harder for her to stays on the distance. As her stepson is drilling the naked babe doggy style, she finally comes to them. The girl’s face is pressed against the couch, she doesn’t see her. The MILF tries to get her stepson to stop but he gives her the finger and keeps pounding. ‘I said stop!’ She screams, slapping him across the face and causing his girlfriend to turn around. She is very surprised… ‘I’m never doing this again … so if you want that pussy, you better get down there and suck my dick.’ He pulls his cock out of the girls’ cun and offers it to the stepmom. The girl doesn’t know who will win as the only important thing for her is to have someone to fuck her. Luckily MILF and her stepson finally find a common language as she is on her knees and sucking his hard rod. ‘I know how much you like it rough!’ he and his step-mother hate fuck each other. As she is finally inside young babe’s pussy, her snatch is impaled doggy style. He pounds her from behind while she tries to focus on the girl’s pussy. It feels wrong and perverted, but that is what makes this threesome so explosive. While mommy is fucked missionary style, she is still tasting college girl pussy juices and having the time of her life. She feels young again, but when he fucks the young babe she has to sit and masturbate. He pulls out and jizzes all over his mother, the woman spits it out and tells him she hopes he’s satisfied, while he rubs his dick all over her cum-stained face. By this point, the girl has begun to realize that the hookup she’s agreed to is far more complicated than she had thought. Good MFF episode.