At the edge of an empty parking lot a man opens his trunk to reveal a collection of blackmarket weapons for Daniel. The poor husband seems beyond despair as he hands over his money and takes a semi automatic pistol in return. He walks down the street with the gun in his hand and a dead look in his eye. He steps inside his house and slowly walks to the living room. There he sees the guy with whom his wife has been having an affair. He stops and stares at him. ‘Daniel’ , his wife screams shaking and crying ‘What are you doing?’. He raises his gun… Jennifer knows he has to leave, even just for an hour, visit her therapist. It’s the final few days before the move and she wants to make sure Daniel doesn’t suspect a thing. Leaving an abusive relationship is overwhelming, Dr. Mercer reminds his. Jennifer is not strong enough to leave him yet. Women often try to leave several times before finally deciding to end the relationship. You shouldn’t feel guilty. She says she knows. Lena, a woman from the same support group, keeps telling her the same thing. A week later the couple drive to a hotel. His idea. Inside, they have sex. Jennifer lays motionless while her husband is on top of her, fucking her, growling and cumming in her. She just wants it to be over. If she could keep him calm for just a little longer, she could make her exit safely. But things take a turn for the worse after another quarrel. Crying she makes a call. She is talking to Lena. That night, the girls finish packing a duffel bag to stash in Lena’s car. She can’t stop crying, but her female friend tries her best to make her feel better. The love scene between them is one of the most passionate lesbian love scenes. The soft loving sensual chemistry that these women portray is beyond outstanding! She is kissing her, caressing her beautiful big breast, licking her belly, moving down to her pussy, giving her the kind of pleasure she never felt. Her husband never knew how to please her, and this girl is treating her like a queen. She fingers her pussy and makes her orgasm for the first time. Two naked girls are a beautiful sight since they are both busty and ready to explore their bodies more. This will be a long night that will end only when both of them spend all of their energy. Later that night, long after Lena had left, Jennifer lays in bed. The door opens. Daniel slumps in. His face and clothes are stained red! They both have secrets that will ultimately make them make hard decisions. Will they stay together even when their decision can mean the difference between life and death? Episode 5 will get us closer to those answers. 