A girl and a guy are in the final year in high school. The teens are together for a few months, but they still haven’t slept together, cause the girl is still a virgin. One day, they were studying together at her place, and the guy started persuading her to do it finally. The girl agreed, but she wasn’t very experienced – in fact, she had never even given a blowjob before. She had absolutely no idea what to do with that thing, struggling to get it all in her little mouth. She began to slow kiss his cock, lick his cock, but the stories of her friends made her want to give it a try, at least once. She tried to stick it whole down her throat, wating for his boyfriend finally cum. Suddenly, her stepmom appeared on the door! The schoolgirl stopped with the blowjob immediately, staring at her stepmom. ‘This is not I taught you to do with a hard cock’ Her boyfriend’s dick was still hard. The mommy told him to sit down on a bed and told her stepdaughter to get on her knees and give her boyfriend a proper blowjob, just how she taught her! The MILF hold his cock with one hand and guided the daughter’s head with the other hand. The girl opened her mouth and did as her stepmom said. She started giving her boyfriend a blowjob again, working her tongue all over his cockhead, kissing it and caressing his balls with her small hand. Now it was much better! Later, the MILF told her to lie on the bed and told the guy to pull off her panties. His eyes drop between her legs, this is the first he sees a pussy. “Now, lick that pussy like I know you want to!” He spread her legs and started to go down on her, licking her all over and tasting her sweet pussy. The girl was nervous, that was the first time anyone had ever seen her pussy and licked her there!   But don’t worry, her mommy will teach them about what a proper fuck looks like! When the time was right, he told him to stick his cock into her virgin pussy and pop her cherry. The girl screamed but didn’t complain. He started fucking her slowly at first, while her mommy was holding her head and telling her what a good little girl she is. The guy was basically more turned on by his girlfriend’s stepmom than by his girlfriend, so he kissed her, and the woman took her clothes off too. The girl who lost her virginity that day also rode the cock like a cowgirl, which was just before the mom decided to have some fun for herself. Hot MILF lied on her stepdaughter in a 69 position and started licking her pussy, while her stepdaughter’s boyfriend fucked her from behind. While her boyfriend was fucking her stepmother, the poor girl was licking his balls from the bottom. The MILF has a booty ass and a few tattoos, and it was always that she did lots of partying when she was younger. The guy banged her the hardest he could, and she seemed like she even doesn’t feel a thing. He fucked her in a missionary position, too, while her stepdaughter sat on her face and let her lick her teen pussy. The naked girls had a wet, juicy threesome as they shared his young cock. While he was watching his naked girlfriend in her eyes and, at the same time, fucked her horny stepmother, the guy got so turned on that he came. The mother then forced her stepdaughter to lick the cum off her pussy like a nasty little slut. Watch more amazing mom daughter porn! So hot seeing MILFs show teens how hardcore fuckin is done! These hot women are filled with knowledge, wisdom and experience regarding sex and they are eager to pass this on to their stepdaughters, and seduce and fuck their boyfriends in the process.