You see, I’m dating a literal goddess. My girlfriend is one of those innocent looking women with bangs and a petite body. If you see her on the street, you think that she belongs to a church. But that’s not the truth. You know, she has a high sex drive, and that’s the best thing about dating her. She’s always down for some action. So, one day, we were going to the mall together, and I wanted to test her limits once again. So, I offered her a vibrator. And I told her to walk with it inside of her pussy in the mall. I only turned in on low, but she bent over in pleasure, almost having an orgasm right in the mall with people around. A shiver ran through her spine as the vibrator started to buzz inside her. And after walking through the mall with that inside of her, she was horny as well. So, she urged me to go home, and after we did, the action started. First, my little slut almost ripped my pants off because she was hungry for my massive penis. Seeing her drool all over, it was pretty fucking fantastic! So, I flipped her over and started to lick her pussy. My lips clamped down in a deep kiss with her pussy lips. Her legs shook as a trembling earthquake as I licked her clitoris. ‘Fuck me, please put your hard cock in me!’ She hold her legs open and moaned loudly as my hot dick slipped into her wet cunt with one hard thrust. I was thrusting so deeply, so hard. As she yelped and shuddered, her vagina tightening around my shaft. She straddled me – so beautiful, her nipples erect, her pink pussy lips pulsating with juice. With her trembling hands she eagerly guided my cock to the entrance of her hot vagina. She was riding my cock, regularly and in reverse cowgirl style. My balls were slapping her clit and her lips, making it more exciting for her. She was shaking and almost crying by the time she hit the peak of her climax. Then, she was up for some great doggy, which was amazing! You can see her little round ass shaking, and her asshole twitching from the pleasure! I also fucked her in the missionary position. She just let me toss her around like a little toy. It felt as if her pussy lips were really trying to coax my sperm out of my balls. I busted the fattest nut in the known universe! 