Jennifer makes breakfast while Daniel sits staring at her. ‘I was going to ask for your permission to go out to a movie tonight with my girlfriend…’ He spits his coffee out in a rage. He was never like that before, but something has changed in the last couple of months. She goes to get him a clean shirt. Running into the bedroom, she rummages through his closet when she notices his bloody shirt! She stares at them in horror. He appears in the doorway. ‘I hit a deer’ he says calmly. ‘I’m sorry, go have fun with your girlfriends’ She tries to button his shirt up but he grabs her wrist and moves it down to his crotch. But before you go, he says assertively, you better make it up to me. Obediently she turns over and he enters her from behind thrusting his dick into her as he kneads her tits.’Do you like it rough?’ he squeezes both her soft tits even harder. He places his hands on her waits to pull himself as far into her as possible. ‘You like to be treated like a slut, don’t you Jennifer?’ He is violent, but this couldn’t be the worst thing that might happen. After drilling her standing doggy style, he plays with her massive melons, letting her know that she needs to do whatever he is asking for. He plays with her pussy while still drilling it while making plans in his twisted mind. They never had such a rough session before, and even though it’s painful, she can’t do much about it. She needs to adapt and learn how to love it. Maybe if she performs good, things will be better between them. This situation is making him fuck her wild. ‘You fucking slut!’ His hands gripping her big tits and he slamming into her for all he is worth. Trying to put on a brave face, Jennifer goes down to her knees to service him. She takes his throbbing cock in her mouth and sucks it balls deep. She never did it like that before, and even when her throat is fucked, she handles it like some cheap slut. Maybe this is the best thing that happened to them. They are both discovering the world of violent sex. As he fucks her face, her mind wanders. Jennifer imagines her husband standing over the body. The Deer’s face. Daniel’s face. A woman’s face. Daniel’s face covered in blood. Her eyes open as Daniel ejaculates in her mouth. A load of cum goes straight down her throat. Letting his wife lick his dick clean, he is leaving her naked on the floor without words.   That night, she goes to the clinic to her final support meeting. There is a group of fellow survivors, including Lena, with whom she had lesbian sex. They are there to give Jennifer the final encouragement she needs. She tells them about the shirt she found. ‘You’re not staying one more night in that place’, her girlfriend says. ‘You can take Jennifer to the safe house tomorrow morning’ Dr. Mercer says. Jennifer’s sexual submission to Daniel is purely out of fear, and only the support of Dr. Mercer and Lena. allow her to survive this ordeal. Later that night the doctor leaves the clinic and walks to his car. Just as he is about to get in, Daniel steps out of the shadows. ‘Are you trying to make a fool out of me?!’ Dr. Mercer begs and pleads for his safety. He doesn’t know what the stranger is talking about. Jennifer! My wife! Where did she go?! Is she with him now? How could you have fucked her right in front of me? Dr. Mercer is terrified. I would never do anything inappropriate with one of my patients! The next morning Jennifer wakes up in Lena’s arms. She feels safe. As the girls load up the car, her phone rings. Are you Mrs. Morris? The person asks. Yes, she replies. I work at the Wits End. Been trying to get a hold of you and your husband. He forgot his credit card here when you two left the other night. The pile of clothes flashes in Jennifer’s mind. I’m sorry, when was that? She asks. The bartender laughs. You were pretty wasted. It was two nights ago. The image of the deer flashes in Jennifer’s mind. Her husband, Daniel, is a psychopath and he killed that prostitute, Nicole… Amazing story from beginning to end. This is a rich, powerful, emotional, and disturbing series. This is not nor ever can be called a “Pornographic Film”.