I have the best girlfriend in the world. She doesn’t cook, nor does my laundry, but she looks so gorgeous, and she is crazy when it comes to sex. She and I did everything together, so we decided to go further with our sex life by involving some other people in it. As she is bisexual, we talked about having a threesome with another girl, and one day we finally did it. She did a little searching online and found an adorable slim babe who came to our house. Before she came, my girlfriend told me that she is nervous about this, but I know very well what a slut she likes to be and that she is lying. When the girl came, we went to our bedroom. The girls started kissing while I took my dick out. It was so hard. They both got onto it immediately and sucked it like those nasty pornstars you see in films. Two naked girls were harmonized, and it was like they did this together so many times by now. While one was sucking my cock, the other was licking my balls. It was so awesome. Their mouths almost made me erupt all over them, but somehow I managed to hold onto it. Within minutes my hot naked girlfriend was face down on the bed with her bubble ass in the air. The girl tokk my dick with her hand and guided it into my gf’s cunt. It slipped in easily, her cunt was wet and his cock was slick their saliva. My babe groaned and pushed her ass back harder onto my cock, the girl kissed her ass cheeks. Finally it was our guest’s turn. She arched her back and stuck her naked ass out as she waited for my cock to enter. ‘No, shove your cock straight up my ass!’ I couldn’t believe she said it. But my girlfriend didn’t waste any time, she took my cock and pushed it into the girl’s asshole! The girl was in no mood for games pushed her ass back at me, practically begging for me to thrust it deeper inside her. My girlfriend spread her ass cheeks with both hands to help me. I fucked both girls in the doggy style, after which I gave my girl a chance to be a dirty cowgirl, cause I know she likes that. When the time came to fuck the other girl like that, instead of in her pussy, she put the dick into her ass again. She was riding my cock with her ass so well, and I incredibly enjoyed it. I came on that girl’s face, and my babe licked it all up. It was a fantastic experience for all three of us, and we agreed that we need to do it again. 