One day, when my sis was about to go to school, I tripped her, and she felt on the floor. I saw her white panties under her skirt. She didn’t hurt herself, but when she turned face to me she saw that I was looking at it and called me a pervert. I kept looking at her panties and it made her pussy wet. I told her that there is nothing wrong with a stepbrother watching his stepsister’s panties. My sister slowly pulled her panties to the side, enjoying the fact that I was gazing at her exposed pussy with lust in my eyes. She parted her legs to give me a better look. Her pussy was trimmed, and although I prefer it when they are fully shaved, it still looked beautiful! I asked if I can touch it. She rejected it at first, but eventually, she agreed. As I was touching it, I could feel how she’s getting wetter. I shoved my finger into her slit, her mouth and her eyes opened. She was tight but so wet and slippery. Slowly I withdrew my finger, her juice glistening on my finger. Then I shoved it deeper, the muscles of her young pussy gripped my finger as I pushed it further into her, marveling at her tightness. She began to moan and I could feel her pussy contract and relax, omg, my sister was cumming! She came with my finger in her pussy, stood up and left for school, but that day I knew that I have to fuck her. She is a little bit nerdy, but she has a slim body and an adorable ass and I wanted so much to cum in her little mouth. When she came back from school, I found her playing cards on my laptop in my room. She told me that she is addicted to playing video games. I told her that she could be curred if she lets her stepbrother fuck her. She knew it was a lie, of course, but she agreed. I spanked her beautiful ass with my dick, then pulled off her panties and stuck it in her pussy from the back. The large head of my hard shaft began pushing into her, the lips of her tiny cunt stretching to accommodate my size. I thrust all the way into my sister’s pussy and held it there, grinding my hips against her soft ass cheeks.   It was incredible – the tightness, the amazing heat closed around my cock, intense, wonderful. She even spread her ass cheeks and exposed her asshole. I watched it contract as I pounded her pussy from behind. We were both enjoying it so much. I fucked her until I came, which happened relatively soon. She could feel my cum pouring from her pussy and running down her slit. Her pussy lips were glistening with my cum. There was some jizz on her asshole. However, only one hour later, my sister came to me again. The little slut told me that I have cured her addiction to video games, but that now she’s addicted to my dick. She wanted to suck it and fuck me again. When I saw how voluptuous she was, it turned me on again. I took out my cock and let her suck it. She gave me a fantastic blowjob, one of the best I ever had. She was spitting all over the dick and licked my balls like a naughty little whore. About 20 minutes later, she stood up in front of me on a bed and took off all of her clothes. Completely naked, my sister sat on my cock and started riding it like a cowgirl. Her pussy was fully impaled on my thrusting pole. She rode it in a reversed cowgirl position too before I fucked her in a missionary and the doggy style pose. I spanked her cute little ass, and the little slut loved it. When I finally reached the point of no return, I told her that I want to cum in her mouth. Holding her face steady, she allowed me to fuck her mouth as I came again and again. Even after I had cummed, my hot naked sister continued to play with my cock. I told her that I’d help her with her new addiction in the future by giving her my cock whenever she wants. She was so happy.