Petite blonde is a weird situation. Her ex stepmom is back in town, and she wants to catch up with her, texting about needing somewhere to stay the night. The trouble is, her current stepmom is at home, so things might get awkward. Still, she invites her old stepmom to come by, as she always loved her so much. Who knows, maybe these two MILFs will like or at least respect each other as they both love her like she is their daughter. As her old redhead stepmom is sleeping on the couch, she wakes up when she hears her stepdaughter walking down the hall. She sees a bedroom door ajar and peeks in. What she sees their is that her little stepdaughter has turned into a full time lesbian. Her ex step daughter is gently licking her mommy’s pussy. The woman is lying on her back with her legs together high in the air. The teen girl is licking bulging pink glistening pussy lips below her mother’s thick bush. Redhead starts to walk away but pauses, unable to resist and gets caught. Looks like the girl doesn’t have to choose between her new mommy and her old mommy…she can have BOTH Hot lesbian MILFs! Barely legal teen is up for it, as she sees that as a perfect way for them to get closer. Young stunner is so happy once all of them are naked, as her stepmoms join their forces to lick her tiny shaved pussy and make her cum. At the same time, her tongue is inside redhead MILF’s tight snatch. Blonde loves her pussy juices and still can’t believe that this is happening. Three naked women even form a lesbian train as they eat their meat holes before going for some pussy rubbing action. As she is doing it, tiny spinner prays to god that this lasts for as long as possible, as she feels she can cum this whole night. Being with two experienced women gives her a chance to learn a lot, as it will help her impress her younger lovers. Outstanding scene. Two MILFs are great together and little teen is perfect as the insatiable sex kitten. Endless pussy eating, face riding, scissoring, 69, mutual masturbation… this is one of the best lesbian threesomes ever. 