We all know that police officers abuse their power on the regular. But sometimes, even they can become creative. And you can see that evidently with this case. You see, this brave policeman put his life in danger by chasing two naughty teen babes. We have no idea what the crime in question is, but the girls did something wrong. He pursued them in his vehicle. Once they reach the end of the block, he continued the pursuit on foot until they were apprehended. He grabbed and slammed the girls on the hood of the squad car. He handcuffed them, and he was ready to take them to jail. But luckily, they were able to work out a deal. When this policeman pulled out his dick, it was clear what the girls needed to do – they satisfy his massive penis, and he lets them go. And these teens, frightened but thrilled, immediately took the deal. The girls weren’t particularly happy about it, but it is what it is. So, they started with some blowjobs. The girls got on their knees and began to drool all over that rock hard dick. They were licking it, sucking it, and of course, swallowing it whole. You can see tons of spit, and it all looks fantastic. But, this policeman wasn’t particularly satisfied with that. He wanted more from the babes and the girls followed his instructions, undressing each other. Asking them if they wanted to go to jail he guided his cock into one pussy then in the other.   Policeman made the girls have sex with him. He pressed them against his car, and he plowed them. One by one, of course. Each of them had to watch her friend being fucked. They had never been fucked so hard and deep by such a big cock before. His hand clenched tight around their necks as he was plowing their pussies from behind. Then the girls had to pleasure him together. The officer was eating one girl on his face while the other was riding herself to heaven on his cock. Too many tattoos on the girls for me, but other than that, they are gorgeous! I especially like the way he enjoyed them with his hands and his mouth. The dominant kissing added a lot of erotic tension to this episode. Also the sex was carried out for the officer’s enjoyment, not to abuse the girls. Much more fun to watch. Their pussies were sore and wet from being fucked so hard. As the officer fucked way up into them, the naked girls kissed hard and came all over each other. They did some riding, some doggy style, and a couple of other poses as well. This policeman was ready to get his pleasure, and these teens deserved to pay. So, to compensate, he busted the fattest nut in the universe all over the girls. He then drove off leaving two naked girls in the middle of nowhere. So, if someone says to you that being a law enforcement officer is not lucrative, don’t listen to them. Enjoy shocking found footage, raunchy hidden camera videos and outrageous sex tapes leaked online for the world to see.