Young babe likes to hang out with her neighbor, always asking questions. She is very direct young lady, and that is what entertains him. As he was relaxing while in the backyard, she came to him, wondering if black dick are really that different. Of course many young white man were inside her, but she never had a chance to see an ebony shaft. Petite blonde sounds so cute when asking that, so of course he had to show it to her. His cute neighbor is now facing the big black cock. The black head is pointed directly at her face. It looks strong and powerful. The little lbonde just can’t help taking it in her hands and starting to suck it! The sexy girl wants nothing more than to see his seed come gush out of its tip right in her mouth. For such a horny teen, it’s important to have new experiences, as she thinks she has a lot to prove. She has a perfect start, as that shaft is deep inside her throat. She helps herself with her small hands, massaging his big black balls and stroking the shaft. His huge black cock is rapidly sliding in and out of her pretty white face, just pasts her lips. Her little pussy is already dripping wet and her lover wants to taste her pussy a bit. Her pussy juices are delicious, so it’s no wonder he is taking his time before he finally slides his shaft in, missionary style. She is taking it well as it goes so deep inside of her. The guy pulls back until the head is barely inside and he plunges his huge cock balls deep again. She screams out, a few thrusts and his first orgasm explodes inside her. She feels his massive load of blasting cum washes over her insides. The tiny girl is proud that she has made him cum. Soon she sits onto him enjoying the feel of his hot cock inside of her pussy. Young stunner likes it rough, and her black neighbor can feel that while destroying her snatch. He is so big and strong and she is so tiny, his big black dick is driving deep into her tiny body, his big balls are slapping her cute little ass. “You like my pussy baby? You like fucking white girls?” The young naked girl is on all fours, with her nice ass up in the air. He places the fat head just at the slit and waits. He knows she will be backing up her ass in no time. And she does. Naked girl pushes her ass back until the black cockhead slips inside. He grabs her hips and starts hammering into her. When riding him reverse cowgirl style, he cums in her again, filling her little pussy with his semen. A creampie of cum leaking out of her pussy makes her smile! He leaves the girl naked and her pussy stretched out and full of his seed. 