Wendy is a beautiful woman in the early thirties. She has dark hair, pretty face, big and round tits, tempting ass, and trimmed pussy. One night, seeking for lonely men in a bar, hoping to get laid, she spotted Mason. After a minute or two of conversation, she offered him to go to her place. When they got into her bedroom, the stranger walked up to her from behind, hugged her tight, squeezed her breasts. They began kissing passionately, their hands going everywhere. She kneeled in front of him, unzipped his pants, took his cock out and started sucking it like a whore. Sucking and fucking his cock with her mouth, saliva oozed down his balls. She stared up at him as he smiled down at her. She was sticking it down her throat and spitting on it like a slut, and he also grabbed her head and made her gag on it. When she was done with the blowjob, the sexy babe lied on her back on the bed and spread her legs, cause he wanted to lick her pussy. After he was finished licking her, he took his dick and guided to her wet cunt. He was teasing the opening of her slit with the head of his cock, then pushed forward into her tight entrance. He thrust his full length into her hot snatch, making her groan. She took off all of her clothes, he lay on the bed, and she sat on his dick. The babe began bouncing her perfect ass on his cock, riding it, grinding herself on him. She is outstanding in riding cocks! She let him bang her in the doggy style as well before she kneeled in front of him again and took a load on her face. She was smiling like a voluptuous whore. However, she didn’t know that it was the last sex she had in her life. She was a reporter, and in fact that stranger was an assassin that was going to kill her. However, she was able to convince him not to do this. She exposed him to the dark truth behind The Company’s history, that was training assassins-for-hire and Mason set out on a mission to discover his true identity. Nevertheless, when he left, another assassin sneaked into her house and shot her in the head. To be continued… 