This young babe begged me to be her trainer, but I was hesitant as I already had more than enough on my mind. Finally, I accepted it, and so far, she did well. But what I’ve learned in time is that she has hots for me. One day as she was doing stretching, she was removed her tiny panties and watched my reactions. Her ass was just perfect. The sight of those perfect cheeks could just drive any man wild with lust. Of course, I was hard in an instant, and before I could even say anything, she was already grabbing my shaft while stroking it. She was holding the head of my cock with her lips as she jerked off with her hand. I watched as she sucked my cock in her mouth and started to blow me. I was in shock, but there was no way I could stop her. I did take control of the situation as I was licking her trimmed snatch. She removed all the hair except for a little strip above her pussy, so sexy. She begged me to stop teasing her and put my cock in her. The hot naked girl was on her back with her legs spread wide. I pressed the head of my cock between her pussy lips. She smiled, and my cock slipped in past her labia. I fucked her missionary style. Nothing can compete with the excitement of sex with a new person and I came in her after a minute. I could feel my cock pulsing inside her pussy filling her up with cum. I pulled out and my cum running out of her gaped cunt. I was mesmerized by the sight of her wide open pussy and the great amount of semen escaping her vagina. Naked babe got onto me, guided my still hard cock between her legs and soon enough she was bouncing her sexy body up and down my cock. Her tits were bouncing as I was fucking her like a madman, already thinking about cumming in her once again. I don’t lack experience, but doing it with her is something special. It’s no wonder that I creampied her in minutes, but I was not nearly done. I continued banging her, as I could see that she is happy about it, encouraging me to go on. She was riding me reverse cowgirl style and cum was squirting out of her cunt with each move. She might be looking innocent, but she is a cum loving slut! Finally a girl I can fuck senselessly, knowing that she can handle anything with ease. She was like my sex toy as I once again released my load inside of her snatch doggy style. She came so hard too, her spasaming pussy pushed my throbbing cock out of her cunt. Cum was running out of her cunt in rivers. She looked great leaking cum. 