Two roommates can never always be in peace. And that especially goes for women. One of these chicks likes to borrow the other’s clothes in secret. This time her roommate, Karlee, a dark haired, tall and smoking hot took her favorite jeans. When Abella, a big bootied, blonde, found out, it was a significant problem. Abella confronted her roommate, and Karlee, as sassy as she is beautiful, heatedly claimed that she looked better in the jeans than Abella, anyway. She started to yank on her jeans to get them back. Abella tried to force the jeans off of her roommate’s big butt, and something about this grabby, intense, battle for the jeans got both girls pretty damn horny. So, you have two adorable lesbian babes licking boobs. These babes started to service their boobs, and it was fantastic! Imagine tiny, hard nipples, and a substantial wet tongue of a chick. And it all happens while they grope each other as well, which is cool as fuck. Pretty soon, they were kissing, licking and rubbing their cunts, hardcore style. Abella grabbed Karlee’s big ass, spread her cheeks and ran the tip of her tongue up and down the crack of her ass! Karlee reached behind pulling her head closer to between her buttocks. When her roomate eat her pussy in return, Abella couldn’t hold back and started to squirt! Her whole body convulsed, her hips bucking out of control, and her pussy squirted all over, covering her roommate all over. It’s something impressive. Karlee opened her mouth as wide as possible trying to catch all this pussy juice! She was lapping at her reddened lips, now positively dripping with her juices. Amazing!   Karlee thought ‘fuck the jeans,’ and threw them off herself. Abella followed, and a second after, the girls were both naked. The lesbians are making out, they’re licking their faces, riding each other faces, squirting onto each other faces and it’s pretty sloppy and unbelievable. Have I already mentioned that both girls had bushes? Two all natural hairy pussies! So, besides the pussy licking, you have the pussy scissoring, and even that’s not enough for the hot lesbians. The girls were fingering each other, producing even more pussy juice. Enjoy these two naughty babes squirting one after the other. They were expelling morbid amounts of liquid from their pussies. The girls even squirted onto each other’s pussy and all over themselves! But, the important thing is that they’re smiling the whole time. It’s like nothing, but this thrill of primal and wild lesbian banging isn’t enough for them anymore. Screw boys, only chicks can bring this much pleasure, and now they knew it. More ass eating, scissoring, and fingering took place, and by the end, these two girls were exhausted. So, since then, their roommate dynamic changed. At least borrowing clothes is not the main problem anymore. Plus, even if it is, they can quickly solve it with some adorable lesbian sex. Wtach more the hottest lesbians sex scenes!