A lavish, young brunette babe had issues with her plumbing and invited a handyman over to help. What he didn’t know was just how naughty and mischievous she could get. Without waiting for him even to try and fix the problem, hottie started caressing and teasing herself, all horny. It wasn’t long before she started stripping right there, with him still under the sink. When she finally straddled him wearing nothing but pink, lacy panties, the handyman couldn’t help but notice and immediately lose all interest in his work. The brunette had the most sensational body ever. Her tall, slim, womanly figure was complemented perfectly by a pair of large, supple breasts, and sexy tattoos underneath those only improved the overall erotic experience. The cutie swayed her hips back and forth into his face and, when she finally stripped underwear, grabbed his head, and firmly pushed it towards her pulsating snatch. He didn’t need any more hints and simply buried his tongue between those luscious lips. Hottie immediately started moaning and losing breath from immense pleasure and horniness while standing in the kitchen and having her cherry slobbered on. Naked girl moaned in pleasure, pressing his head closer to her pussy and pushing herself onto his tongue. Wanting to return the favor and make sure the fun doesn’t stop there, naked girl went on her knees and pulled his raging boner out. Upon softly licking the shaft up and down, she took the tip inside her mouth and started swallowing as much as possible. Her cute hands were holding it firmly in place as her head bobbed back and forth, choking on his massive size.   All that sloppy and erotic foreplay was more than enough to get both of them hungry for more. They continued with hardcore action on the nearby couch. Her pussy was already dripping wet, and he was rock hard so, when she bent over on all fours, and he grabbed her hips to enter her, he slid all the way in, right off the bat. The room was instantly filled with her screams of pleasure as hottie enjoyed hardcore doggy style pounding. She loved it so much yet couldn’t stop talking dirty and begging for him to ram her even harder and deeper. This long and intense ramming was just a warm-up for these two because they were yet to start changing positions. First, the brunette turned around to lie on her back. As the handyman entered her smoothly shaved cherry from the front, he couldn’t keep his eyes off of those magnificent breasts with perfect nipples jiggling all around. Feeling even more dominant, he then picked her up and made her stand while drilling that juicy cunt from behind yet again. From there on out, they were just picking up the pace and trying out everything they could. Her screams were getting louder by the minute, whether this sexy naked girl was the one riding him or keeping still and enjoying relentless pounding. Her multiple orgasms were finally enough for him to reach his limits and shoot loads of warm, sticky cum all over her breathtaking body.