While this gorgeous babe might be eye-candy, she has a really insufferable personality that would make any person get annoyed with her. Her dad’s on a business trip and she’s all alone at home with the butler. She starts to command him around and he doesn’t appreciate it. He asks her about her father and how he is and she says that she has talked to him and that the butler was going to get fired because she suggested it to her dad. He was in shock and he was already fed up with her stupid games. She started laughing and saying that it’s just a joke, but the butler was having none of that bullshit. The first thing he does is take her by the throat and start choking her lightly while she can’t do anything and that’s when she started getting some sense into her and she also started to panic. It was time to teach that little slut a lesson that she would never forget. The bitch really started getting horny since she is into punishments. He took her by the chin and took out his cock. Once she saw the thing, she couldn’t stop herself from sucking on it. Girl took the entire thing in her mouth and sucked on it like an obedient little slut. The butler then took her and started ramming his cock down her throat as he was mouth fucking the daughter of the man who gave him the job at taking care of his home. The bitch was powerless to stop him anyway, so he might as well enjoy it while it lasts. That’s when he decided to take things a step further and it was about to get painful for her. He took his massive dick and put it where else other than her tight little asshole that didn’t seem to get enough attention from the dudes she was dating. The butler shoved that cock right in there and he drilled her all the way in. She screamed as he slid his cock all the way into her tight ass stopping only when he was balls deep. She was in pain but as the fucking escalated, she seemed to have gotten used to it. Young naked girl even rode him anally, slamming her ass hard down onto his cock. He continued to destroy her asshole as she experienced her first orgasm with a cock in her ass. In the end, he came inside her asshole and the anal slut was in so much shock that she didn’t even say anything to her dad and what the butler did. 