Two trained professional assassins were up against one another in a secluded warehouse, but the situation was about to change drastically. The breathtaking, femme fatale blonde, Sable, was unloading magazines from her gun at a guy she was after, but Mason managed to get away and hide. While looking for him, she got ambushed and gave him the upper hand. As he pinned her against the wall, they both experienced a flashback filled with passionate kissing. The couple got stunned for a second, and the blonde used the opportunity to break loose and jump on top of her assailant. The moment she did that, another flashback occurred where hottie was on top of him in a cowgirl position, moaning in pleasure and begging him to go harder. That was when they finally realized they were brainwashed and put up against each other. Feelings immediately took over and, just moments later, they went back to their older selves. The blonde instinctively dropped down on her knees and pulled his already rock hard schlong out. Without wasting a moment, the hootest babe you have ever seen grabbed the shaft and placed those luscious lips on it, ready to give a sloppy blowjob. She was going hard at his boner right off the bat. Motion after motion, beauty was swallowing more and more of that fat rod, choking when it would reach her throat but not stopping. When she needed a break, Sable would drop lower to lick his balls all over while stroking the shaft intensely. Such passionate cock sucking foreplay only made them hungry for more. Her pussy was already aching for a good fuck, so she simply lowered her pants and bent over. He placed the tip of his cock next to her pulsating hole and slid all the way in with her satisfying moan. That was a sign for him to start pumping harder.   Hottie begged for him to grab her hair while drilling her doggy style, and those sensual moans quickly turned into screams of pleasure. She enjoyed being ravaged and stretched as much as he loved hammering her relentlessly. Her big, firm, round breasts were playfully jiggling back and forth as her snatch kept getting wetter by the second. Wanting to switch things up, babe straddled him in a cowgirl position and took the initiative over. She was impaling herself without stopping, going all the way down, and trying to feel him as deep as possible. Hot naked blonde reached back and cupped her hands over each of her round ass cheeks. Having just her pussy railed wasn’t enough for this blonde so, when she turned into a reverse cowgirl, she placed the tip of his schlong at her tight anus and forced her tiny hole to stretch and take him in. The chick was so horny that she soon continued having her ass hammered with the same intensity. From there on out, they kept enjoying in every way possible, and he ravaged both of her holes. Babe came multiple times before he reached his limits and pulled out to plaster her beautiful face with cum.