By this point, she is desperate to become a mom. She and her husband have been doing everything to try and get pregnant, but nothing’s working. After the latest disappointing news from yet another fertility doctor, it seems like all hope is lost. When everything else fails, she sees a flyer promising successful fertilization! The clinic is suggesting an alternative method. She doesn’t care if the procedure is safe or not, as she is willing to do anything to get her baby. They are going to get her pregnant using the latest in artificial insemination technology… synthetic sperm. The medical clinic seems weird, but she is ready to play by the rules. She has no idea just what she’s signed up for! Se is shocked once two men grab her and remove all of her clothes before interviewing her. Now she is ready to do whatever her doctors say, and her first task is to ride a giant dick. It’s the biggest thing she ever saw, and usually, she would be afraid to have such a thing inside of her. But this is something different, as only a baby is on her mind. This wild man is giving her the deepest penetration ever, and maybe that is what she needs. Maybe her pussy needs to wake up, and this seems like the perfect way. This shaft is ideal for her vagina and her doctor is still around, evaluating the situation. It seems like she is satisfied with what is going on.   The creepy mad doctor is also naked and touches her patient, showing her support. It hurts her when she is impaled doggy style, but in a good way. She would love it if her husband could fuck her this as this man does. He is like a machine and could go on like this for hours until the moment she can’t move her legs anymore. This method of regaining her fertility is the most perverted, but this is only the beginning. There are so many other things she needs to try, and every single stage is even more brutal. Her pussy will be tested to the limits by various freaks with huge dicks that are willing to do anything for a twisted, busty doctor. The creepy doctor keeps telling the assistant to go ‘balls deep’ and instructs her to get into a better position to receive the load! This future mom won’t give up and is willing to do anything to have her baby, so whatever lies ahead, she won’t say no. She will be degraded, filled with sperm, forced to painful sex that will almost make her crazy at the clinic as she is desperate to be impregnated. This is the weirdest and creepiest thing I have seen from Pure Taboo. Far better than seen on many top TV series. The story itself is deep and the opening scene with the pregnancy test sets the theme for the entire movie.