Petite redhead found out that her mom is having a secret affair with her own boyfriend! Of course, she was outraged when she heard that, especially as her mom is still fucking him. In a way, that was almost a relief for her as it gives her the perfect excuse to seduce her stepdad. Now that her mom did what she did, in this teen’s mind, that means that there are no rules. As her mom runs outside to fuck her boyfriend, the young redhead is left alone with her stepfather. The man has no idea what is going as this little teen slut starts kissing him, but it’s hard to resist her. Even through the material of his pants, this little slut can feel his cock throbbing. Her tight young body reminds him of his college days, and even though this is wrong, he finally gives in. But, he is still cautious, as he tells her that she needs to prove that she is serious about this. That is not a big deal for her as it doesn’t take long before she is down on her knees while pulling out his dick. It’s a long and hard shaft, but she is not afraid to suck it deep, while making her best effort to have it all in her mouth, including his balls. For such a tiny slut, she is doing an incredible job. Her mom can’t compete with this level of enthusiasm. This barely legal babe proves that she is ready to do anything, and stepdad can’t resist the idea of fucking a young teen pussy. He puts her on a leash using his belt, and she loves the idea.   Young babe was always submissive, but this is the first time that someone is willing to play with her that way. She was with so many young boys in the past, but most of the time, they were clueless about how to satisfy her. Her stepdad knows how to please her hungry pussy better than anyone, going inside it doggy style. He is rough and ruthless, but only because he knows his stepdaughter likes it this way. Finally, she removes her shirt to reveal her perky tits as she rides his schlong reverse cowgirl style as he is slapping her behind. It’s a beautiful, perverted picture. As her stepdad is banging her shaved snatch missionary style, the young beauty is playing with her clit and cumming almost every minute. Trying to sustain her orgasm, he increases the pace, pounding hard into her petite body. She can’t believe that this is real, as her stepdaddy is still fucking her as they’ve just started. She could do this the whole day with him, until the moment it’s time for him to release the cum. After she rides him cowgirl style, he pulls his shaft out and cums on her pretty face, proving that he had an amazing time!