Two young babe had a wild night at the party and stayed up until morning. The girls have no sense of shame, so as they were in the back seat of the car, they started kissing, and even licking their wet pussies. Their driver couldn’t believe that this was happening, but he had no choice but to continue driving. It was hard to concentrate but somehow he stayed and took them back home. Just when he though that this adventure was over, he realized that one of the girls forgot her backpack. He entered their house, but at that point the young naked girls were already scissoring, grinding their pussies against each other! He was stunned, but the girls threw him on the bad and started to suck his massive shaft like this is the last time they will do it. One of the girls sat on his face, placing her wet cunt on his mouth and her girlfriend tried to swallow his huge cock, and a raunchy wet threesome began. The girl held the shaft with her small hands as she deep throated him, and enjoyed his cock so much in her mouth. He knew that it won’t be easy to satisfy these two nymphos but he will do his best. With one slithe move, the sexy petite blonde impaled her young cunt onto his cock and slipped all the way down on it. Her girlfriend was there to rub her clit and play with his balls! Once he started banging silver-haired beauty cowgirl style, he went deep and fast inside of her, only to check if she could handle it. Her pussy was so dripping wet that it was easy for him to slide his shaft in and brutally penetrate her. Her girlfriend was nearby, while patiently waiting for her turn. When it was her turn, he impaled her doggy style, ramming his dick all the way inside her and holding it there. This was the kind of threesome the girls wanted. Both naked girls took turns getting their pussies pounded by his big cock. Finally, there was a man who was not afraid to fuck their tight pussies and cover both of their faces with incredible amount of hot semen, turning them into a mess. When he came onto the girls he grabbed his clothes and ran out of the house. The naked girls kept scissoring with cum on their bodies! 