I know it sounds wrong, but I always liked my friend’s girlfriend. She is a cute, barely legal babe, with amazing body and I think she noticed how I look at her. Today I was hanging out with two of them, and as my friend was busy working on his laptop, she changed her shirt in front of me and flashed her massive tits. She didn’t do it on purpose! Her breasts were magnificent. Her breasts were big and firm and looked amazing on her slender frame. They swayed gently as she bent over to drop down her panties. I couldn’t believe what was happening. A little slut was teasing me so hard, knowing that I’ll be desperate to fuck her. She hiked her dress up to expose her tight round ass, I could see everything even her cute pussy between her ass cheeks. I was so horny that I asked her to come to me and pulled out my dick. She began kissing my cock tenderly. Her beautiful, full lips pressed against my shaft and tip, over and over. Then moved to my aching balls kissing them, and then sucking each one. It was almost unreal – her man was only a few feet in front of us as she was giving me a stunning blowjob! At that point, I didn’t even care if he’ll catch us. I love what she is doing while looking at her magnificent, natural boobs. She is the kind of girl I always wanted to bang. She lowered her pussy omto my cock and I looked down to witness the moment it entered her lovely pussy. I swear to you, my shaft was never as big and hard, but she took it well. I went balls deep inside of her from the start, and I knew she loved it. We had to be quiet, reminding ourselves that we are not alone. But that is what made this session even better. We just made a short break before I started banging her standing doggy style, right next to my friend. It was so perverted, but also the best fuck I ever had. I couldn’t believe he still didn’t figure out what was going on, so no wonder his girlfriend was cheating him with me. Making another short break, she was now sucking me on the floor before I finally came in her mouth. 