Gorgeous-looking babe lives with her female roommate in a big house. She has big, soft tits, and she loves getting laid and being sluty. One day, her roommate’s pervert boyfriend was in a house alone with her. When he went into the kitchen to find something to eat he saw something much more delicious – his girlfriend’s roommate. She was barefoot and wearing nothing but a short red shorts and a white tank top that goes above the navel. He approached her from the back and pulled her shorts to the side exposing her naked pussy. She told him not to do it, although it could be seen on her face that she wants it. Sexy teen even let him touch her tits for a few seconds. Once he got a glance at her delicious boobs, he went totally wild for her. When she went upstairs to take a shower her roommate’s boyfriend and his massive boner followed her. He managed to spy on her taking a shower. The girl is beautiful and her body is really perfect. He gazed on the spectacular breasts with huge areolas. He wasn’t giving up this easy. While she was in there, the perverted and horny guy came to her again and got under the shower too. This time, the slutty roommate wasn’t objecting that much. Naked girl turned her butt towards him and leaned on the tiles, allowing him to fuck her from behind. Her pussy felt so good that he just couldn’t do it. He fucked her very hard, turned her face towards the shower door, making her press her big soft tits on it. After a nice little fuck under the shower, they went naked into the living room. There, she kneeled in front of him and started choking on his cock, sticking it whole down her throat.   Busty naked girl was sucking it so good that her spit was dripping from her chin on her amazing boobs. She also grabbed the dick with her gorgeous tits and allowed him to titty-fuck her. He was pulling her hair and making her feel so submissive. Later, he put her on her back on a leather sofa bed, spread her legs and put her feet high up, and then fucked her in the pussy very hard. Naked busty girl was also sitting on his dick in a reversed cowgirl position and riding it, while at the same time rubbing her clit. She was screaming in pleasure as her plumps tits bounced up and down with each stroke. He took one in each hand and squeezed. He played with her tits, spanked her naughty ass and fucked her as hard as he could. The rougher and dirtier the better. He pounded her harder, his balls slapping against her clit as he thrust into her over and over. Her massive tits flopping all over her chest and beating against one another making thunderous slaps. Finally, he grabbed her hair, placed her on her knees in front of him, and shot his load all over her face. After he was done, she kept sucking his dick for a little more to clean it from all the cum. At that point, while she was kneeling naked in a living room with a cock in her mouth and cum all over her face, her roommate walked inside and saw them.