I was always into petite babes – I can’t help it. I like nothng better than cute teens with tight pussies. I met this young college babe with purple hair and couldn’t wait to shove my big dick onto her pretty face, rubbing my slick shaft all over her nose and eyes and forehead. I could feel that she is the kind of girl that likes extreme sex, but I’ve decided to let her take the lead and see where this is going. The start was promising, as she knew what she wanted. No need to chat with her for hours – she grabbed my pants and pulled out my dick. Of course, I was rock hard even before she touched me with her tiny hands or licked my balls with her pierced tongue, but when she started giving me a blowjob, my shaft became even larger. Purple-haired babe was struggling to breathe as I was fucking her throat, but of course, this young stunner had no wish to stop. I enjoyed watching her tattooed and pierced face, and I even liked her bushy eyebrows. This is the kind of beauty that is impossible to forget. We didn’t waste much time as she was already sitting on my rod and impaling her tight, wet pussy on my cock cowgirl style. The girl’s vagina channel hugged my cock like a velvet haven, squeezing me so deliciously. She gasped with pleasure and surprise as my boner slid balls deep inside of her. Of course, she was in a bit of pain, but she loved that and even begged me to slap her cute little ass behind. I smacked her ass cheeks with the palm of me hands, making her squirm more on my penis. Suddenly I felt my balls got wet, the little slut had squirted all over me! She was a squirter Fuckin shit it was amazing! I could feel her juices pouring out of her pussy and I knew this was it! I pushed my dick hard into her squirted pussy and began hammering into her tiny body with the full length. I felt my balls get wet as they slapped against her wet snatch. Girl was convulsing and shaking.   Young girl yelped and involuntarily squirted another jet of piss. My favorite position is reverse cowgirl. As I was holding her head, I brutally nailed her meat hole, feeling her tiny body twitching. She continued cumming, snatching a breath before crying out as her body was wracked with orgasm after orgasm. By this point, I thought that I could try anything with her, the teen girl was so flexible! My living room was a mess by now, but of course, I loved it. That was her way of expressing how she enjoys it when I grab her neck and do wild stuff with her. I focused on her pretty face, watching her expressions that only made me be even rougher. I pulled her hair and slapped her while I was balls deep inside of her missionary style. I could feel she came at least five times as I’ve made her hold onto me as I was once again banging her senselessly. Another orgasm shivered through her body, as I stuffed her pussy again and again, reaching her inner most depths with his huge cock. Young naked girl moaned and bucked as his huge cock ravaged her little pussy, cumming again and again. I was trying my hardest not to cum, to see how much she can take. But this little nympho could go on for the whole day, probably even survive a gangbang easily. As I was showering her cute face with my loads, she was so happy, knowing that she did well.