Holy shit, what a strange thing! A few days ago, my daughter’s friend came to my home, visibly stressed. The teenage girl was totally heartbroken to find out that her bestie slept with her boyfriend while working on a group project together. When I calmed her down, she changed her behavior towards me. The little slut decided to get a little payback! She turned on all her charm to seduce me, her best friend’s dad! Instead of my daughter’s room she was in my bedroom, sitting on my bed. She started to be all cute, and she talked weirdly. I could not believe my eyes when the teen girl flashed her panties for me on purpose. SPreading her legs in front of me she wondered what I’d say and what I’d do! Of course, since I’m a dumb dude that has a penis that’s a separate entity, I fell for it. I feel a little guilty, but I have to admit that it was terrific. The girl laid on her back and lifted her hips, which is always a sign that a woman wants her panties taken off. I put my hand under her skirt to pull off her panties. I saw her naked pussy, gleaming with all the juices all over it. The sexiest sight in the world! Of course it is super smooth. The inner lips were small and tight. I was on my knees while the girl was naked on my bed. I was sticking my tongue in that pussy like the last piece of diamond’s in there, and I’m trying to track it down. I swirled my tongue around it, I licked it, sucked it, and I did everything. I like nothng better than going down and thoroughly licking a bald pussy, mmm. I was so starving for that young sweet pussy, and I didn’t even know it. And she was enjoying it too, obviously, because she was moaning and screaming in pleasure. That wasn’t enough to satisfy either of us, so pretty quickly, we moved on. I placed my hot throbbing dick between her wet pussy lips and pushed inside. The feeling of her tight pussy around my cock was amazing! She was tight because she had only ever taken her friend’s small cocks. I started to bang her little pussy in the missionary position, and I’ve seen heaven.   Her pussy was so young, dripping wet and tight. I was so horny that all I could think about at that moment was how much I wanted to rock that fucking cunt. I fucked her like an animal, and it felt amazing. I slammed myself forward, driving my cock to the very back of her cunt. Her pussy seemed to like it so much that it was involuntarily squeezing around my dick to feel it even more. I wasn’t about to throw the towel that easily, so I made her choke on my dick as well. I have a massive chode, and she was ready to swallow it all. The cute teen girl sucked me off, she deepthroated that cock, and she loved it. Honestly, I could see that she was struggling with it for a bit, but that didn’t matter to me. It brought me even more pleasure. So, I turned her around, slammed her head against the pillow, and just continued fucking. While I was pressing her head, she started to smile uncontrollably, and moan even more. You could feel her body trembling and shaking, and she wasn’t able to contain her reactions. Girl worked magic as she rode me, moving her hips in ways that drove my cock wild. I watched as her perfectly round ass and her petite body bounced against me. This neat, little, tight teen pussy was so magical that I lost my mind for a moment. All I could think about is how much I’m going to spray on her. And that’s what happened in the end. I have no idea whether she’s eventually going to tell on me, but I don’t care. I’d give it all away to pound her fresh cunt once again.