Distraught, young teen came running to her step-aunt because she had some troubles with her mom. The two started talking and the girl opened up, revealing that she had a crush on a family member… The aunt’s heart raced. Could THIS be the moment she had been waiting for? Could the girl be finally admitting to falling for HER? But her niece told her that she had a crush on her stepmom, her sister. She pretended to be soothing as she held the girl close, promising to always take care of her like her mother never would. Finally the woman confessed how she was really into her. She was this ravishing, mature babe and felt really horny for a stunning cutie who was sitting right next to her. Talking soon turned into passionate kissing and it wasn’t long before lesbian MILF started undressing her step-niece. Soon, both babes were in their erotic lingerie and, having bared teen’s firm, perky tits, mature hottie pulled her panties to the side and started slobbering all over her young, smoothly shaven pussy. The teenie was moaning in pleasure enjoying a warm, wet tongue on her aching snatch and liked it even better once the aunt started fingering her. After having her dripping wet pussy licked and fingered in various different positions, it was finally teenie’s turn to give something back. She gently undressed the MILF and went on to rub and finger her trimmed cunt while passionately kissing. Just fingers weren’t enough for this mature and experienced lesbian, so she spread her legs and made nubile bury her warm tongue between them. Sloppy licking coupled with vigorous fingering was more than enough for step-aunt to lose herself in all the pleasure. She was breathing erratically and begging for more and squeezing her massive breasts. After such a long and sensual oral foreplay, the naked girls were both ready for something more. The teenie straddled the woman and firmly held her leg while relentlessly scissoring. The girls were going crazy, constantly switching between kissing passionately and tribbing hardcore. From there on out, there was no stopping them. They kept picking up the pace and changing positions, riding each other’s faces, eating and fingering each other out until they both came many times. 