A guy and a girl are together for a few months. They are both very sexual and adore kinky stuff. The girl is bisexual, and her boyfriend’s MILF stepmom attracts her. Unlike her, who has a slim body and a beautiful little ass, her boyfriend’s stepmom has a robust figure and big, round tits. However, they are both very hot and tempting. Since the MILF is very sluty as well, one day, she and her stepson’s girlfriend grabbed each other on a bed. The girls were laying on it completely naked and touching each other’s pussy. The young man spotted them and saw what they were doing through an open door, but he retrieved when he saw his stepmom going under the shower. While the naked woman was taking a shower, she soaped her big ass, her boobs and played with her pussy, and he couldn’t stop peeking and looking at her amazing body. She spotted him and called him to come. He did as she said. Since he had on nothing but a towel, she took it off from him and saw his big, long cock. The MILF was positively surprised and didn’t need much to kneel and start sucking it. While she was giving him a blowjob under the shower, the boy’s naked girlfriend came and got shocked by what she saw. However, her boyfriend told her that he knew about her and his stepmom and that, therefore, there was no need for her to pretend she was shocked. The stepmom told the teens both to relax and invited the young girl to join them in a threesome, which she did with joy. The young naked girl kneeled next to her and started sucking her boyfriend’s cock while his stepmom was making sure that she is doing it right.   Naked woman even grabbed her head and pushed it on the cock, making her gag on it. All of them enjoyed that very much. Later they all came back to bed, where the young girl started riding her boyfriend’s dick, and the stepmom was squeezing her pretty tits and choking her, cause she knows how much she likes to feel submissive. After that, the time came for a stepmom to ride the dick, and while she was doing it, her stepson spanked her naughty booty ass. Still, since the younger girl was very horny and the MILF enjoyed the role of a tutor in this threesome, the guy started fucking his girlfriend again, but this time he was also licking his stepmom’s pussy. Hot teen rode his cock like a magic carpet while his stepmom rode his face. The girl’s body convulsed on his cock repeatedly. She worked her ass in small circles and tight vertical motions which increased the pleasure for both of them. Then he again fucked his stepmom a little bit in the doggy style, while his naughty girlfriend was spitting on a cock. He fucked his sexy girlfriend in the doggy style too, during which his stepmom was laying under them on her back and licked his balls. Finally, he came on his girlfriend’s face, and his naked stepmom collected all the cum from it and put it in a girl’s mouth so she could swallow it, which she did immediately.