Both of his arms were in slings and his head was wrapped in a bandage, he looked sad and frustrated. His stepmom knew that like any other teenager, her boy jerks off every day, it is okay for a teenage boy to masturbate but now he had a problem due to the injuries. Like a good mother she offered to give him some sexual release. He laid back, taking a deep breath as she slipped her hand under the covers and began to stroke his cock. Her soft hand felt amazing as it encircled his shaft, massaged his balls and slowly began stroking him. ‘Would you like me to put my mouth on it?’ Unable to resist that proposal, he soon had a stunning, mature hottie swallowing his rock hard rod. Stepmom was sucking him off like a pro, giving a long and incredible blowjob that quickly brought him to the edge, forcing him to shoot a big, warm load directly into her mouth. Without saying a word, the MILF swallowed it all and left. She only wanted to give him some relief, but Mom’s helping hand is going to have consequences that neither one of them could ever have anticipated… Later on, when he’s already recovered, he found his stepmom in his room, changing his sheets. He couldn’t help thinking about his sexy stepmom as she had masturbated him and sucked his dick. He wanted to do it again. She was reluctant at first but, after some blackmail and convincing, the stepmom had those lusty lips on his shaft once more. Naked and on her knees in front of a stepson, the blonde was doing her best to take as much of his length in, choking while trying her best to deepthroat. Eager to reward her for such a blowjob, he licked her pussy until she was dripping wet and aching for his cock. After that intense and steamy oral foreplay, they were both past stopping point so he simply placed the tip of his dick between her legs and forced himself all the way in. First, he rammed her in a missionary position and listened to her erotic screams of pleasure before she mounted him, eager to be pounded from a different angle. Stepmom’s big, round, supple breasts were bouncing all around as they kept switching positions and picking up the pace. The MILF ended up having many orgasms, shaking in pleasure before he finally reached his limits and exploded thick loads of cum all over her. 