A young couple was in the middle of fucking when somebody rang their door on Sunday. The girl dressed up quickly and opened. Those were her boyfriend’s friends who came to watch the game together, as they earlier agreed. She let them in, and her boyfriend soon joined them, so they were all watching the match. However, the girl was still very horny. She wanted his damn cream pie! She asked her boyfriend if he can come upstairs, cause she needs to talk to him about something. There she convinced him to take a break and fuck her. His horny girlfriend took off his pants immediately and told him that they need to finish what they were doing. She kept giving him a blowjob so voluptuously and passionately by sucking the cock and stroking it with both hands at the same time. Like a naughty little girl, she was also licking his balls while she was kneeling and waiting for him to fuck her. He banged her in the doggy style first, leaving her socks and her pink panties on her. He knows how much she adores feeling dirty, so he was spanking her cute ass while he was fucking her. The girl screamed a lot, and it is possible that the guys downstairs could hear her. He fucked her rough and hard, including choking her and calling her dirty names. He let her sit on his dick and ride it, and his girlfriend showed him how wicked she is by twerking with his cock in her pussy. He fucked her in a missionary position, too, pounding so hard into her pussy the whole bed was rocking back and forth. He was in a rush to get back to his buds so he came on her glasses! She was not satisfied and decided to play hardball, by literally grinding on his balls right in front of his friends while they watched the game! His hot girlfriend sat on his lap and guided him inside her well-fucked pussy! She didn’t care, she was so hot she just milked his dick until he squirted cum in her! The feeling of hot cum coating her insides, the sensation of his cum trickling down her thighs, made her happy. Finally, she got the creampie she was looking for and he got to watch the game. What a perfect Sunday! 