My bratty little stepsis had a friend over and the girls were fooling around playing twister. My stepsis was this cute, little blonde with a skinny body and tiny tits and looked like a true fuck doll. Her friend was just as petite and adorable but, as it soon turned out, was way kinkier than my sis. I approached them in the middle of the game and while they were still trying their best to play the game properly, I shamelessly told them how I had a boner and pulled it out, offering a different way to have fun. Of course, the girls felt a bit reluctant at first, but that lasted only for a couple of seconds. The kinky friend crawled towards me and placed those luscious lips on my raging boner. She was even kind enough to invite my stepsister who took a bit more convincing. However, when my stepsis saw her friend’s warm tongue going up and down my rock hard shaft, curiosity got the best of her and she soon joined. Just moments later, I had two stunning, young cuties on her knees in front of me, taking turns slobbering on my dick. The friend was going all in and choking while trying to deepthroat as much as possible, quickly making my rod slippery from all the precum and saliva mixing in her mouth and spilling all over. My stepsis, on the other hand, was more gentle and sensual. She first slowly stroked the shaft back and forth before starting with erotic cock sucking. I couldn’t withstand such a teasing blowjob so I grabbed the back of her head and vigorously fucked her throat until I came inside her mouth and watched her swallow next to her surprising friend. We finished the session there but were far from all done. Next time I found them, the girls were in a bedroom wearing their sexy, schoolgirl outfits with playful skirts and socks, doing homework on a laptop.   I saw neither of them wearing panties underneath those skirts and got instantly turned on. Luckily, stepsister’s friend was feeling the same so, when I offered for us to have some fun, she let me start fingering her already wet pussy. Not paying attention to my sister, she grabbed my dick and started slobbering on it, behind my sister’s back. However, it wasn’t long before she caught us and we convinced her to join one more time. This time, we went all the way. After intense cock sucking foreplay, the petite blonde spread her legs and I impaled her balls deep on my schlong while my stepsis mounted her face and rode her wet tongue with her aching cherry. I pounded hard into her pussy while her friend smashed her cunt against her mouth. Pulling my cock out, dripping with her juices, I then plunged deep inside my sister’s cunt! This time her friend was riding her face. “Do you like watching your sister’s tongue in my pussy?” Two schoolgirls took turns enjoying my rod deep inside their wet teen cunts. With the two naked girls stacked on top of each other, I alternated between fucking one wet pussy and then the other wet pussy. Both girls were moaning loudly and I was ready to explode with a huge load of sperm. I pulled out of my sister’s friend’s cunt and came in my sister’s mouth! At one point, we almost got caught but, from there on out, nothing could stop us. A couple days later, the girls were in the midst of a workout session. They ate each other out and invited me to join in on the fun, hopping on my dick and going for a wild ride! I fucked the brains out of both of them while the young naked girls teased and caressed each other into orgasms.