You see, Catholic schools are fucking weird. They separate by genders, and it can get pretty lonesome in there, especially when you’re a girl that just got out of puberty. You’ve never had sex, and you can’t even find a partner, since your school’s full of chicks. So, sometimes, girls can become desperate. They all sleep together, and sometimes, strange feelings begin to develop. And it was the same for sister Ashley and sister Jessica. Jessica was a shy, Asian babe that was studying hard. And Ashley was the beautiful blonde with perky tits. They never planned for this to happen, but their sexual depravity and their loneliness got the best of them. Sister Ashley was reading scripture on her bed while sister Jessica finished putting on her pajamas nearby. Ashley couldn’t help but steal a look or two, admiring Jessica’s beautiful form. Despite all their teachings telling them to repress those sinful feelings, instinct won out and they soon joined under the covers of a single bed. Eventually, they got to the topic of sex, and they became very curious. And you probably know what happened next. A second after, the girls started to make out. Their soft and wet tongues were intertwining, and they felt amazing. Even though it was strictly prohibited, the girls couldn’t deny the feelings they had for each other. This is an artwork of its own. Wonderfully played, basing on two womens love for each other. Their adorable, untouched little pussies were ready for all the pleasure that they can get. Now Jessica was kissing her way down Ashley’s beautiful body, paused to suck on her breasts, but she did not stop there, she moved to her pussy. She had never been touched there before, though she had been fantasizing about it for years. She felt her friend’s mouth on her clit and moaned loudly as Jessica sucked it into her mouth. She did it wonderfully, kissing, licking, sucking on every crevice of her pussy, fucking her cunt with her tongue and then her fingers. Her tongue was everywhere, in and out of her wet slit, sucking on her pussy lips and clit. She ate her hairy pussy and she enjoyed it very much, you could see her lips sucking the soul out of Ashley. Of course, Ashley also wanted to make love with Jessica’s pussy. So, after slowly going down on her by licking her entire body, she began to lick her muff.   Ashley was even hornier, and it was evident. That’s because she buried her nose deep in that pussy, and she enjoyed the Asian pussy taste. She licked it, sucked on it, all while looking directly at Jessica’s eyes. She even turned her around at one moment and started to lick her pussy while mixing it with eating her asshole. Ashley was super into it, and you could see the spit trail on Jessica’s pussy and her buttocks as well. Of course, Jessica wasn’t going to let her friend be better at this. So, she put in even more effort into licking Ashley’s cunt. She started to eat it very fastly, and you could see Ashley’s reaction. She was moaning, breathing quickly, panting, and her eyes were rolling in the back of her skull. She loved the treatment that she was getting, and Jessica was enjoying going deep into her vagina with her tongue. She was looking at Ashley with eyes full of lust. Ashley pushed Jessica down on her back and sat on her face grinding her pussy into her face. Jessica spread her pussy lips with two fingers and plunge deep into her pussy with her tongue. Sensations of sexual bliss filled her body. Pussy juice was coming and cumming into her mouth. The chemistry and emotion these two share is unreal! Naked girls spread their legs and pushed their wet pussies to each other. The feeling of one wet pussy against the other alone was incredible. Their clits were grinding against each other and the girls experienced an orgasm for the first time. The naked girls were both breathless and exhausted. Their pussies couldn’t take it anymore. But, at least they discovered a whole new world out there. No more lonely, pleasureless nights for them. All they can think about now is pussy eating, and nothing is going to stop them now. One of the most beautiful and most exciting lesbian porn I’ve ever seen.