His girlfriend is playing chess with her friend and is struggling. While he is trying to help his girlfriend, her nerdy opponent with braces is acting all cute and distracts him by showing her boobs. His presence, though, is so annoying that his girlfriend storms off, giving him the chance to take over and test his skills against her friend. Luckily, his girlfriend doesn’t see that her friend distract his attention by showing him her tits and pussy. She takes the queen and puts it in her vagina! Next she is already under the table and pulling his cock out of his pants! When her lips close around his giant cock he can’t longer think of chess. Little slut licks the head gently, sucking him softly with her warm, wet mouth. Things get more complicated when his girlfriend returns, so he has to act like nothing is happening. While he is trying to teach her how to play chess, he makes a mess, and once again, she storms out of the room, thinking that something is obviously wrong about him. But that leaves two of them alone again, and finally ready to fuck. His cock is so big for her tight pussy, she feels him inside her abdomen. Once her pussy lips stretch out enough to accommodate his huge cock, he starts pounding hard into her. Fuck! It feels amazing. As nerby teen spreads her legs and has her snatch drilled missionary style, she also needs to squirt. She is a fascinating woman; at the same time, she looks so innocent while in practice, she is the biggest whore around. His girlfriend would never let him fuck her so aggressively, and this babe loves it and even plays with her clit, proving that she needs a lot to be satisfied. He can imagine her doing a gangbang and draining lots of dicks while asking for more. After releasing more of her pussy juices, the slutty stunner is now impaled doggy style while sitting on the table. She loves being dominated, and her lover has figured that out by now. Blonde teen rides him on the chair cowgirl style, gasps with sheer delight and makes a short break to squirt. She can’t control herself and squirts like mad! Finally, he fills her snatch with his load. 