I came home early and was dumbfounded to find my girlfriend going wild with one of her friends. The girls were in sexy lingerie, drinking booze and going crazy all over the house. Apparently, I surprised her just as much because she immediately started apologizing, saying how she missed me and needed to let some steam off. Staring at their gorgeous figures in those provocative outfits, I couldn’t stay mad for long, especially when she suggested I sit down and relax with them. And, the moment she noted how she had always wanted to share her boyfriend with another girl, I was left speechless. Seconds later, I was comfortably sitting in a chair while two breathtaking beauties knelt in front of me. My girl, a ravishing, tall brunette with a pair of firm, round tits, wore racy, red lingerie that was completely see-through and allowed me to admire her perfect nipples. Her girlfriend, also a brunette, was on the other hand much shorter and sported this sexy, blue onesie lingerie on a petite frame. Nevertheless, the hpt girls started kissing right in front of me and my girl was good enough to present the other chick’s ass and let me grab and slap it while she rubbed my cock through my pants. It wasn’t long before they pulled it out and started passionately taking turns slobbering all over it. My babe had the initiative and held the shaft firmly, constantly switching between sucking it and shoving it in her girlfriend’s mouth. At one point, both of them were going hard at it, with one swallowing the rod while the other licked the balls all over. I had never had sex with two girls at once but had fantasized about it! The two mouths met, sharing a sloppy kiss, tongues wrapping around the throbbing cockhead. Such intense dick sucking left all of us hungry for more and, being a good girlfriend, my babe let her friend be the first one to ride me.   Petite cutie stripped nude and turned into a reverse cowgirl to sit her aching snatch on my pulsating schlong. I spread her buttcheeks and started at her tight asshole as she started lowering herself all the way down. Just moments later, she was riding me balls deep while my chick watched and rubbed her pussy with them kissing and caressing each other. Soon, it was time for the girls to switch and, in the same manner, now I had my babe riding me vigorously. Her petite friend held my girlfriend’s ass and forced her down on my rod vigorously while sucking on my thumb, simulating another sloppy blowjob. We proceeded to go down and dirty on the floor where I first pounded them doggy style. The sight of two stunning, young naked girls kneeling in front of me and waiting for their turn was incredible. I fucked them both, moving from one pussy to the other! Each time I withdrew from one cunt, my cock rested just enough to continue into the other wet vagina. Naked girls moaned with delight as I entered them. After that, things have gotten even spicier. As I’d fuck one girl on her back, the other would mount her face and ride her tongue into orgasm. From there on out, we kept trying every position we could think of until I finally reached my edge and plastered both of them with my load.