I heard a noise in the backyard and was more than surprised to see my beautiful neighbor naked, trying to enter her house. She couldn’t find her keys and was in a bit of a pickle. Luckily, we got into talking and I quickly remembered how she gave me a spare key just in case of an emergency. Naturally, I easily found the key and, when I returned it, she was more than happy to repay the favor. Without shame, this beautiful naked brunette started flaunting her stunning body and playfully offered it to me. I started fondling her tits and, just moments later, she had her legs spread in front of me. I moved between her legs and brought my mouth to her pussy lips! I wanted to fuck that cunt raw till she screamed. My tongue was buried deep in her aching snatch. Her legs seemed to tremble beside me as I licked her clit. Hungry for my raging boner, we switched and now my naked neighbor was on her knees, with those luscious lips sucking me off. Hottie held the shaft with one hand and gently jerked it off while simultaneously giving the amazing blowjob and making my rod both rock hard and all slippery. That wet and intense oral foreplay only left us lusting for more so she spread her legs once more and, this time, I shoved my cock balls deep inside of her dripping pussy. Her pussy was warm and wet and I grabbed her and pushed myself in even a little deeper. She shuddered and moaned. My neighbor started instantly moaning in pleasure while I was pumping her passionately and caressing her tits as she rubbed that pink clit. Soon after, I picked up the pace and rammed her vigorously, turning those soft moans of pleasure into erotic screams and erratic breathing. Wanting to be in control, she straddled me, first in reverse cowgirl, then facing me, and proceeded to ride me even harder and faster. The babe then began rocking her hips so that her amazing ass was basically twerking my cock. I can’t say how many times she came, shaking and trembling in multiple orgasms before making me reach my limits and plaster her tight body full with my thick, white load. 