Good-looking babe came to a foreign country for a few days to spend her holiday, but since she doesn’t have much money, she could only book a bed in a hostel. Since she took a bed in a room in which men and women are mixed, the morning after her first night, she did exercises in front of a young guy. He couldn’t keep his eyes from devouring her perfect body, her amazing ass and boobs! Like stretching her hot body in front of him wasn’t enough, after she was finished working out, she even got naked in front of him so she could change her clothes. Her boobs were the most perfect boobs he had ever seen. They were large and natural. They hung, but didn’t sag. By putting on a gauzy T-shirt through which her tits could be seen, she approached him and scolded him for watching at her. Like a whore that she is, she went barefoot to the laundry, but while she was putting the clothes in a machine, she allegedly stuck her head in it! When the guy came to laundry, he saw her head in a machine, and her butt arched back. He pulled down her pants and now that amazing ass was naked and defenseless. He spread her ass cheeks with both hands, exposing her wet pussy. Without wasting time he stuck his hot throbbing cock right into her hole, thus fucking her while her head was in a laundry machine. Her eyes popped wide open, when he thrust inside her hard. Holding onto her ass cheeks he slammed his cock up into her pussy again and again, enjoying the sensation. His swollen balls pressed tight against her pussy and she felt his cock swell and began to throb as he exploded inside her! He pulled out and his cum began to leak out of her vagina.   The naked girl finally managed to unstuck herself, but while she was taking off her T-shirt, she slipped on the cum on the floor, and allegedly this time stuck her butt in the machine. The guy accepted the game and moved towards her, giving her his cock to suck it. She gave him a beautiful blowjob, licking the cum of his cock and then, like a real fucking slut, completely naked, she went from a laundry back to their room, where she continued banging him. She didn’t care at all that someone might see her in a hallway fully naked. When they came back to the room, he sat on a bed, and sexy busty naked babe sat on his cock and started riding it in a reversed cowgirl position. She was so horny and happy that she is fucking like a slut that she couldn’t resist without rubbing her pussy while she was riding the dick. Her big tits were making slapping noises that were driving me insane. After naked girl was turned around facing him, he grabbed her big, firm tits and squeezed them hard. Feeling her nipples against his palms he seized them between his fingers. She liked it a lot. He then put her on her back and fucked her in a missionary position. He pounded hard into her, watching her big tits move around. When the moment came, he took his cock out of her pussy and shot his load all over her face and her amazing boobs. Like a good little whore, she licked all the cum from his cock and swallowed it. She stayed sitting naked on the floor with cum on her face and her tits for a while, while the guy got dressed and left. After an hour or two, another guy came to the room, and he had what to see when he walked in.