A petite and beautiful schoolgirl was going door-to-door, selling cookies to fund her trip to Jamaica. Upon seeing how adorable she was, a guy had to let her in and buy a whole bunch of cookies in order to support her cause. It quickly turned out that he made the right choice as the little schoolgirl turned out not to be so shy and innocent after all. She needed more money and was willing to do something else with her customer, instead of just selling him things. A lusty, little girl like her needed a big, throbbing cock to play with. She dropped down on her knees and lowered his pants. The moment the horny schoolgirl saw a raging boner, she put her warm tongue and soft lips on it while firmly grasping the shaft with one hand. Just moments later, she was relentlessly slobbering on his dick and her head was bobbing back and forth as she kept swallowing more and more of its length. Her other hand was fondling his balls as she was soon deepthroating, making sure he was rock hard and all slippery from all the spit and precum mixing in her mouth and spilling all over. He was soon too big to fit down her throat but she tried nevertheless, choking but following through like a true cock-sucking champ. The more she sucked it, the more fuckable her face was getting. Soon, she was too horny to care and started removing her cute, schoolgirl clothes. When she ended up naked, the cutie stood up as it was his time to return the favor. Young naked girl bent over and presented both of her tight, aching holes. Her pussy was already dripping wet but he focused on her tiny asshole and started licking it all over while listening to her seductive moans of pleasure.   He even went on to fuck her ass with his tongue before finally shoving his rod in her pulsating snatch. He grabbed her standing and lifted one of her legs, spreading her just enough to be able to go balls deep inside of her. While passionately kissing, he used one hand to finger her asshole, getting both of her holes drilled at the same time. Seeing how light and petite she was, he picked the naked girl up and impaled her on his schlong like a real-life sex doll. He was slamming so hard into her now you can hear his balls banging against her ass and hear the wet squishiness of his huge cock and her little pussy. Deep, hard, fast it goes…to the hilt. Her ass cheeks were shaking like crazy as he fucked her. A couple of moments of vigorous drilling this way, and the naked schoolgirl was already squirting all over in an intense orgasm. He didn’t stop but, instead, only picked up the pace. The couple ended on the floor where, after another hardcore pounding session, it was finally time for her tight asshole to get stretched! The schoolgirl sat on his fat boner in reverse cowgirl and bounced up and down as her tight ass kept swallowing his whole size. Taking his big dick in her asshole she quickly showed him what a dirty little girl she is. He was furiously fucking her ass with his huge cock. The girl was squealing like a pig. The dude had probably destroyed her little ass, bit she didn’t care! She slammed her ass up and down. “Oh god, you’re the best fuck ever!” He soon took the control back and proceeded to anal pound her into many more squirting orgasms before he finally reached his limits and exploded shooting massive loads of sticky, white cum.