A beautiful 18-year-old girl sat at her kitchen table doing homework. She was copying notes from one of her text books when she heard a car outside. Panicking, she quickly rushed up the stairs. The mean-looking man slammed the door and yelled at the ‘bitch’ to get down and make him dinner. Next day she walked down the street in her school uniform, clutching her books. She looked shell-shocked and spaced out, almost bumping into a passerby as she stared ahead aimlessly. Her teacher said her she had to talk to the school counselor. ‘I’m here to listen and help you in any way I can, be it academic, developmental or even personal.’ The shy girl looked up at him, her eyes welling up. She just started to cry. The troubled schoolgirl confessed that her father had recently been released from prison and he always was a very bad man. From his vantage point, the man could sneak a look down the white blouse of her uniform. She looks stunning! She has long, dark-skinned legs, and they were extremely smooth and toned. Those are the legs that every man dreams about! When you look upper, you can see her short school skirt that perfectly reveals her thighs, and even her buttocks a little bit. Her shirt was a tight fit, obviously, and you could see her whole figure and perky breasts underneath it. She is sex personified in that schoolgirl outfit! And her face is the face of an angel. She looks utterly innocent with her ponytail and her pretty, puppy dark eyes. ‘What does he do to you exactly?’ he asked. ‘He fucks me up,’ she said, kissing the counselor. The schoolgirl aggressively kissing her counselor. He tried to pry her off, telling her that it isn’t appropriate for him to be doing this. Dear lord, how he could resist a 18 year old teen babe? School counselors always get tons of innocent but sexy teens that need help. He began to stutter that everything is going to be ok, he won’t tell anyone what happened.   ‘Everything is confidential in this room’ Finally, unable to take it anymore, school counselor threw the girl down on his desk, hiking her skirt up, pulling down her white panties and undoing his pants. And that older man had his rough tongue entirely in her pussy. He was licking on it, sucking it, twirling his tongue, and doing everything to please this pretty little angel. He had not licked a young sweet pussy for so long. He spread her ass cheeks with both hands and sucked on her clit, and you could see this lovely babe rolling her eyes from pleasure! When the girl was on the verge of cumming he decided to prolong the pleasure, and turned her over and began all again. She enjoyed the way he roughly handled her, mainly because a second later, he was balls deep inside of her cunt. So, so hot. He held his cock deep into her young tight cunt, savoring the feeling. He began pounding into her tight little pussy until her mind was empty, and she was his slut. Then, he decided to degrade her even more by lowering her and stuffing his whole cock in her mouth. Eventually, he not only managed to make his whole dick find its way in her throat, but he put in the balls as well. So, you could see this pretty little babe choke on his entire package, and she was almost passing out from that! After that, he aggressively grabbed her nipples and twisted them while he was stuffing her pussy with his massive rock hard cock. And he just kept pounding that cunt until the chick couldn’t even handle it anymore! After that, he simply let her squirt and fill her pussy up with his thick and white semen, and that was the end of it. Holy shit this was so hot! It looks like being a school counselor really does pay off, considering the fact that their pay isn’t anything special. If you want to fuck tons of young pussies like a champ, then consider that career.