Siri is your curvy dream girl come to life. With a body shaped like that, with a big juicy ass, she makes all these stick thin models you see in magazines look like a waste of space. Don’t miss this babe if you like curvy girls! Siri is a stunning redhead who loves to be in control when it comes to adult pleasure. She started things off by pouring oil all over her thin, white dress. The dress soon became all see-through, giving hints of her massive tits and seductive curves. It didn’t take long for this hottie to drop down on her knees in front of her man and, after short but passionate fondling and making out, pull his rock hard shaft out. She immediately took it with her warm mouth and, just seconds later, went on to deepthroat as hard as possible. Holding it firmly with one hand, she kept switching between deep swallowing and sensual licking and soon made his boner all slippery. Such intense dick sucking made them both hungry for much more and, without wasting time, thick naked babe straddled him in a cowgirl position and lowered her big ass on his rod, making his dick go balls deep into her aching snatch. Not asking for permission, he started drilling her vigorously from beneath and making that big ass jiggle while listening to her moans and screams. Erotic riding turned into doggy style pounding when the sexy curvy girl bent over for him. He continued ramming her from behind even harder than before, shoving his whole length all the way while holding her fat ass hard and spanking her rough. Eager to try every position possible, the babe jumped on him again, this time in reverse cowgirl. She kept rubbing her clit while watching his dick ravaging that dripping wet, pink cherry. At one point, he reached his limits and shot a massive load inside her pussy giving her a thick creampie. He pulled out just for a bit to watch her pulsating hole ooze with jizz before shoving his schlong back in and continuing with the same intensity until he came into her again. Double cream pies are awesome! 