Gianna is a gorgeous-looking young lesbian who just went out from a serious relationship and feels really said that her girlfriend has dumped her. She is so anguished about said breakup, that she can hardly keep it together, even during a house tour with a sexy brunette real estate agent – Abigail. While she is showing the house to Gianna, they go into the bedroom, where Gianna starts crying. Abigail begins to console her and tell her that she understands how she feels, because she went through the same thing when her girlfriend cheated on her. Slowly, she tries to kiss Gianna, but Gianna moves and runs out of the room. Still, after only a few seconds, she comes back and gives Abigail a long, wet, nasty lesbian kiss. Before they know it, they are both naked on the bed, and Abigail is licking Gianna’s pussy. Gianna has picked a good person to cry in front of, because Abigail is a master of two things – comforting her clients during troubled times, and licking a pussy! Swirling her tongue in a circular motion around her pussy walls until the walls begin to spasm and grip her tongue tight. The flowing juices fill her mouth so much that she has a hard time swallowing it all. Gianna’s body arches up against Abigail as she comes. Her tongue moves out of Gianna’s pussy. For a second, Gianna let out a groan of frustration. It only lasts long enough for Abigail to put her lips around Gianna’s clit, gently sucking it into her mouth. Soon after that, Abigail sat on Gianna’s face, allowing her to lick her pussy too. Abigail rotates her hips as she grounds down against Gianna’s face, it looks so sexy! There is nothing better than burying your face in a succulent pussy. The juices smear over your face as you lick deeper and longer. After the naked girls are done with licking pussies, being the naughty she is, Abigail puts Gianna on a side and sticks her tongue into her beautiful ass hole, licking it like a nasty horny babe. Of course, she licks Abigail’s pretty butt hole too. These two sexy naked girls also scissor themselves and enjoy every single touch between their pussies. These sweet babes have a sensual fuck in the master bedroom, with a fair share of scissoring, fingering and licking. Gianna is starting off that new single life with a bang! 