Today is a bittersweet day for Sarah as she approaches an unused room she rarely visits anymore. She puts the USB stick into a nearby laptop and presses a few keys… Within moments, a hologram of her late step-mom, is projected onto the bed! Katie assures her that, even though she’s a tactile hologram, she has all the memories of who she was before, which makes her just as real. Sarah apologizes for not booting up her earlier. The stepmom is not fazed when Sarah hesitantly admits that she had romantic feelings for her. Maybe the women should work out those feelings so that Sarah can truly move on once and for all. The first step into any hot lesbian section is some seduction, but the two of these get through that like a knife through butter. The women both get naked very quickly. The stepmom’s hologram spreads her legs and her sweet daughter dives straight into her pussy with her tongue! Her hands press Sarah’s head tighter to her cunt as her teeth and tongue further attack her hard clit. First, the naked women make out and they do it with so much passion. They go down on each other and start licking each other’s pussy till they’re both wet as a waterfall. Katie then starts to rock her pussy onto Sarah’s face. Her smooth pussy rests on her face. The heat from her pussy is unbelievable. Her juices begin to flow down her cheeks. Her body is shaking as she explodes into her mouth. They make passionate love, their bodies pressed close. There’s no shortage of attention paid as they explore each other’s bodies, caressing breasts and licking pussy. Each touch sends shockwaves of pleasure through Sarah, but will it be enough to finally put her grief to rest? That’s when the scissoring comes into play which really seals the deal on multiple orgasms that these busty sluts have while groping each other’s tits. Two hot naked blondes rub their wet cunts against each other, each climaxing. They are going to take their lesbian action to the next level with some extreme 69 action as they get hornier and hornier. They always seem to be all about having the best lesbian sex. 