The officers are on patrol when they get a call about a vandalism in progress. They are frustrated since they recognize the name of the perp, who is the police chief’s daughter! Because of the fact that her father is their boss, the teen slut thinks she’s above the law, which infuriates the officer to no end. But tonight, they’re going to punish her once and for all! The babe seems oddly receptive to it. Actually, at first, she is very upset about the entire situation, but she knows what she has to do in order to get out of trouble. Obviously she needs to give her pussy to the dude in order for him to let her go. After all, she wants to wipe her slate clean, and that comes at a price. The guy is thrilled that he will get a piece of that young teen pussy, but he also knows that he will have to keep his mouth shut in that case. The babe has a gorgeous pretty face and she doesn’t seem older than 20. Since this officer is letting her walk, he might as well take advantage of every single thing that she has to offer. He lifts up her white shirt, revealing her small, perky breasts and her beautiful stomach. His hands are on her breasts, pinching her pierced nipples. You’ve been very naughty, you bad girl. I’m going to make your bare bottom red for making your daddy worry. He always wanted to punish all these teen sluts he sees every day. He turns the girl around and pulls down her pink shorts revealing her cute little ass. The officer can feel that she is already wet. Then the teen girl gets on her knees and he pulls his cock out and stroks it in front of her face. She opens her mouth and obediently takes his meat into her warm mouth. Bobbing her head back and forth as his cock slides in and out of her mouth. Pulling his glistening cock almost out of her mouth, only to thrust it back full into her mouth. These teens sluts know how to suck a cock! His wife has never done it for him. Fuck my little pussy….please. Oh, Yeah. That is exactly what he is going to do. He begins to rub his hardened dick against her pussy slit from behind. Up and down he rubs it, coating the head of his cock with her juices. Then thrusts forward, burying himself all the way to the hilt. It feels so good. You are so tight. He pulls back until he almost pulls out then thrusts forward again, balls deep into her hot tight teen twat. He fucks her like a little slut and he can’t believe that he is getting a piece of the chief’s daughter’s pussy. He goes all in and fucks her hardcore. 