It’s not easy to raise a daughter. It wasn’t easy before when women were taught to be submissive, and it especially isn’t easy now. Now, everyone has access to the internet, and both women and men often become promiscuous. The young and innocent girls were excited to hang out with a couple of guys they had met online, but their dads were not thrilled about it. The girls were not even on birth control! The dads uncovered the texts, read them, and they were super pissed. To keep the girls close, the devious dads showed up in ski masks and threw them on the couch. The men wanted to talk to them but they are just a couple of horny teens, all they wanted was a COCK! All the girls could think of were guys and their hard cocks pumping into their wet pussies. Ok, if they needed a cock so badly, the dads decided to whip out their cocks and show them a thing or two about sex. So, they made their daughters do precisely what they intended to do with those other boys. They had always joked about swapping daughters and now here they were about to fulfill one of their fantasies and fuck each other’s daughter. Like a second later, the girls were sucking on their daddies’ dicks. You could see these two gorgeous teens giving the best blowjobs of their lives. After all, these two gentlemen were extremely handsome and well endowed. So, these teens twirled their tongues around their dicks, and they sucked them sloppily. The whole oral action was almost mesmerizing. These innocent beauties could not be stopped, and they were happy to swallow those massive penises. But, now that this shit already started, they all needed to do more! They started with some right doggy style first.   The naked girls were bent over face to face, kissing, while their dads were ramming their cocks into their pussies from behind. These dads were pounding their daughters very hardly, side by side, making them whimper in pleasure. Those wet pussies were also tight as hell, so these young babes struggled to handle them. But, by now, after that hard pounding, they already became super submissive. So, once again, the naked girls got on the floor and practically swallowed those whole penises once again. The dads watched each other’s daughter get their throats fucked. Naked girls started to ride those dicks, and they were jumping up and down, laughing and kissing with each other. They were super wet, super horny, and the pounding made their minds completely bland. Now, all that’s left for them is to up their action even more! And, of course, to become even more perverted. So, while the girls were getting pounded, they also started to lick each other’s pussies. So, what was once a regular orgy, turned into a full-on wild banging session with two babes eating each other, while also somehow getting fucked at the same time. The whole action was incredibly fantastic, and they were super close to having an orgasm. In the end, after some more rough cunt stuffing, the girls were finally able to cum. And their daddies busted a fat nut with them as well! They splashed man goo in their daughter’s mouths and watched the girls cum kissing on the floor. It would be better not to talk the moms about what happened.