MILF comes home to find her personal assistant cleaning up around the house. After a long day, she wants nothing more than a foot rub and the dude is happy to oblige. The woman is single for a while, and today she feels extremely horny. Her assistant is tricked into massaging her feet before she makes him drop his pants and suck his dick. For such a slim guy, he has an enormous cock, but she knows how to handle it. Mature redhead is letting him fuck her throat as she finally gets on her knees and commands him to fuck her, which he is happy to oblige too. He tries to insert his erect cock into her cunt but pantyhose doesn’t let him do it. MILF starts laughing out loud with his unsuccessful attempts to put his cock into her. He humps her leg, her licks her pussy through the pantyhose and it doesn’t take much for her to realize this guy has no idea what the hell he’s doing. She has to teach this teenager how to have sex with a woman. She strips to reveal that massive fake tits, she tears her pantyhose making a huge hole in her crotch, grabs his young cock and sits down on it. Finally his cock has found the hole! Hot redhead MILF is riding that huge shaft reverse cowgirl style while still rubbing her clit. Her massive boobs are bouncing wildly. After cumming for the first, this MILF slut is even more cock hungry. She commands her young assistant to insert his rod into her pussy and keep fucking her doggy style. He is not careful at all, drilling her balls deep, feeling that this is what she needs. This mature beauty was always into rough action. Going back on top him, redhead beauty is now riding him cowgirl style as she controls the pace. The missionary style proves to be their favorite as he plays with her melons while watching her beautiful place. This performance is guaranteed to get him promoted! After she gives him another blowjob and takes it hard in her snatch, he showers her breasts with loads of semen. Fighting for her breath, naked woman knows that this boy must keep fucking her. Combining youth and the experience, two of them are a perfect match! 