Imagine calling your female friend over to watch the game with you and she comes wearing the jersey of the other team. Well, that’s not a good start to the night, however, things are about to get a lot worse for this babe as her team starts losing. Of course, this leads to a lot of tension, but nobody would predict that this kind of tension would be the sexual kind. The game is on as the girls both eagerly wait to see who’s going to lose their shirt first. The girls are both half naked already. They feel all of that pent up energy and need to get rid of it, and they do it by making out with each other. One of the girls lies back and gently spreads her legs wide open, her girlfriend pulls her panties to the side, revealing her wet slit and a triangle of black hair above it. She thrusts her hips forward smothering her girlfriend’s face with her wet pussy. She pushes her hairy cunt up to her face as her friend explores her pussy with her tongue, making her push her tongue deeper into her wetness. After making out the girls start forgetting everything about the teams they were rooting for while watching the game. Now, it’s just the two of them and they want to have some of the hottest lesbian fun that you can imagine. They switch places and now she is licking her girlfriend’s cunt from behind. She licks her pussy and then right below her anus, bringing her tongue up squarely on it. Her friend shudders when her tongue touches her asshole. She gently swirls her tongue over the entire hole, working her tongue into her asshole, swabbing around and around inside the ring of her sphincter. Then she sits on her face and presses her asshole against her tongue. The naked girl groans loudly, alerting her friend to her impending orgasm, and her tongue goes wild flicking around her wet cunt and her asshole. Both naked girl take turns riding their faces, cumming all over each other. The two babes are going to be really good at every single position that you can imagine, which is interesting to see since they didn’t even know that they liked lesbian sex. Anyway, the two of them enjoy a hefty dose of oral pussy licking and even scissoring as well. There is nothing more hot than two young naked girls rubbing their pussies together. 