Making a shot to the face might seem easy but not in case of this lucky big dick jokester! Starting off with a first miss, the seductive blonde is getting ready for him to take his cum all over her face. Or is she? The sly blonde has other intentions on her mind. She is not about to mess up her hair just so the twiggy teen can bust a nut in her mug. As he jerks off his dick, the babe dodges it as if she was in the matrix movie and the dude lands his semen all over that floor. Well, she is not about to clean it up and mess up her freshly done nails, is she? This sets the horny dude on the warpath to give his girlfriend the facial she explicitly said she wanted. He keeps trying to cum onto her face here and there all around the house. They get into shenanigans all the time. Even when their friends are there. Squirting all over him and his bud as they are playing video games is no problem for her. One rub over her clit and BAM, there she is hosing the guys down with her magical pussy. Payback time is even better for the young fella, since this time, he catches his target and blasts his cum right in her face, giving her a messy surprise, not paying attention to her friend who is sitting next to. A stream of thick, warm cum is leaking down her cheek now. Not to stop the fun there, his dick gets to have a sloppy royal treatment, as the big booty blonde places his man pride in her mouth and salivate all over that bugger. Her friend is in shock and storms out, leaving them alone.   Of course her pussy is hungry for his manhood so, in no time, there they are fucking on the couch like there is no tomorrow. He is blasting it in her pussy and that cunt is tight too. The blonde is moaning and screaming out of desire and lust but the young buck is unperturbed, he is on a mission to bust one out again. The 2nd round is way better than the 1st one. So, as her twat gets even swollen, a doggy style dance is in order so that G spot gets a fucking it deserves. Once he slides in and starts pumping back and forth, her ass starts to jiggle which creates an even better entry point for that prick of his. He can feel her all over his dick. So damn hot. They switch gears and the position. Now, his sexy naked girlfriend is on top and he is entering her underneath so that he can control the pace of this awesome moment. The blonde has a huge smile on her face as she is getting penetrated the way she wants and the way her punani needs it. As she has an orgasm she starts to squirt out, spraying it high in the air. Her body quivering as she cums. She grabs his dick and rams it back into her squirting snatch! The girl keeps slamming herself down as hard as she can driving his dick balls deep in her wet cunt, bringing herself to another squirting orgasm. More juice squirts out of her pussy and all over his dick. The rest of the scene is about to get stickier than ever…