My buddy and I decided to prank people on the streets. When I saw this alt girl with lots of tattoos and purple hair, of course, I had to pick her as my next victim. And oh my god, she fell for it. Of course, she was mad once she found out that a 100 dollar bill was taped to a fishing line, but when I offered her money to show me her boobs, she accepted it instantly. At the moment, I knew she was special. I enjoyed watching these pierced titties, but I wanted more. She was hesitant at first, but when I offered her more cash, she accepted the challenge. I always had hots for alt girls, but with this babe, it’s not all about her looks. I’m telling you, any girl that is handling a dick so well would have my attention. You don’t need to be a rocket scientist to figure out how much she loves to play with dicks. She starts things slowly by licking my shaft and balls before it’s time for her to have in her mouth. I love it when she looks at me and checks out if I’ve been having fun. Of course, I did, but it was much better once she was on top of me. She guided the head of my cock between the folds of her flesh and lowered her cunt onto my cock. Damn she was tight, too tight. She paused, letting me to savor the warm, tight feeling of her cunt. This day became much better than I thought was possible. Now this barely legal, heavily tattooed, and pierced babe was riding my shaft that was bigger than ever. I was falling for this girl, and my mission now was to show no mercy and see where are her limits. She started strong as she was already taking it balls deep. I was a gentleman, letting her control the pace as she was moaning like crazy. I could figure out that she is in pain, but a girl like her doesn’t want it any other way.   To my surprise, at one moment, she started squirting! It’s a rare gift and the best proof that I was doing things well. Holding her slim waist with both hands I was furiously pounding into her squirting cunt and looking into her beautiful eyes. As the teen slut was on me reverse cowgirl style, I slapped her behind until it was red. She was grinding herself onto me, pressing to get it even deeper, rythmically moving her hips to encourage me to keep fucking her hard. Oh, that felt so good! I felt her pussy walls squeeze my dick. Fucking her doggy style was one of the best moments in my life. Watching my shaft sliding in her tight pussy was unforgettable. She was cumming constantly, juices from her pussy ran down her legs. For the ultimate test, I turned her around, made her open her legs, and inserted my schlong inside of her missionary style. This time, I showed her no mercy, penetrating that shaved pussy and expecting tears on her face. But once again, she proved me wrong, as she could handle it like no one else. After such an experience, of course, I shot buckets of cum, covering her pretty face as she smiled. Not only did she earn a couple of hundred bucks, but she had a great time, and I guess I’ll see her again soon.