Fit, young babes were having a stretching workout session together. In tight clingy wardrobe, the girls positioned, stretched, and flexed along a yoga mat, pressing their bodies together in the right angles to take care of tense muscles… The brunette went on to show some of the incredible poses she could achieve with her immense flexibility, and the redhead was slowly getting turned on. Watching her stunning body bend in impossible ways left redhead aching for something more. She waited for a perfect opportunity and then leaned in for a sensual kiss. Her brunette friend gladly gave in and, moments later, the redhead was undressing her partner, licking her perky, pink nipples. The sexy babe pulled off her yoga pants and began kissing her pussy mound. Then moved to her pink slit finally spreading her legs wide to reach her vagina. Her yoga partner could feel her lips on her labia, and then a warm tongue pried her open gently, and she was suddenly awash in pleasure as she inserted her tongue into her, eating her soft, smooth pussy out. The brunette was in heaven, and her slim body was twisting in pleasure as she enjoyed a warm, wet tongue licking her all up. The moment she started being fingered, first screams of pleasure escaped her lungs, and she soon ended up having a first of many orgasms. She wanted to eat her out so bad and when redhead bent over on her knees, she came behind her and started passionately teasing her already wet snatch. She was gently teasing her girlfriend with her fingers and tongue before the redhead turned into a more comfortable position and laid on her back to experience intense and sloppy pussy licking. Her trimmed, pink snatch looked terrific next to the gorgeous face of her lesbian lover as both chicks moaned in pleasure. Both girls ended up wearing nothing but cute little socks while taking turns eating each other out. Wanting to show off the possibilities of their flexible bodies, they kept trying more exotic and demanding positions before finally ending up in a steamy sixty-nine. From there on out, these horny lesbians couldn’t keep their hands and lips off of each other and ended up cumming many times. 