A cute blonde girl is 18 years old, and she is a lesbian. The year’s been a rough one since she came out to her family as lesbian as well and things have been tense ever since. Even her friends weren’t the same around her anymore. One night, she was invited to her friend’s house for a slumber party, where she was with four other girls. As expected, the slumber party was awkward. They were loud and girly, and she really just wanted to leave, especially when the girls started teasing her about being a lesbian. Later that night while they were all chatting and drinking on a bed, one girl dared to cuddle up to her a little. Could this girl be a closeted lesbian? Even if she isn’t, it’s just nice not to be shunned. However, the other girls didn’t stop just with teasing. When the poor girl fell asleep, one of the girls wrote LEZ on her forehead. She was distraught when she woke up in the morning and went to the bathroom to wash her face. One of the girls followed her. She told her that she is not like her friends and that she doesn’t mind she is a lesbian. When she wanted to leave the bathroom, her friend stopped her and kissed her very slowly. The lesbian girl was kissing her in return as she pressed her body against hers. She wanted to slide her hands under her skirt, or better yet up to her breasts, she wanted to kiss her all over, kiss her belly, move down to her pussy. Very soon, one thing led to another, so a minute after, the girls both took off their T-shirts. Another minute after, they were entirely naked. The teenage lesbians kissed, cuddled, and licked each other’s trimmed young pussies. They completely forgot that they are not alone. The girls licked one another and sucked on each other’s clits with passions and erotic energy. They even began grinding their clits and labia together! The seduction and sex scene was exquisitely filmed. It was so sensual and beautiful, organic and real. This scene had it all, excellent acting, filming, directing, editing, seduction, sex and a wonderfully dark plot with a most unsatisfying unhappy ending. 