Becky is a slim, young girl, who feels very scared lately, because she noticed that someone is stalking her. She doesn’t know who, but she is aware that someone watches her every move, and that freaks her out. One day, she was so scared that she ran home and called her best friend to come immediately. He came to spend the night with her, and while they were watching a movie, they heard something outside. He opened the door, but it turned out that it was just a cat. However, when he came back to the room, he saw a girl standing behind his friend with a knife in her hands! The friends both got scared. Her name was Gwen and she was a former girlfriend of Becky’s ex. Gwen admitted to being obsessed with Becky. She even had been spying on her and her ex-boyfriend before they broke up. Then he saw this guy, Mitchell and she didn’t like that he was just a friend. She started to manipulate Mitchell into lusting for Becky. He tried to resist but finally admitted to feeling a bit resentful of being overlooked. Gwen continued getting into his head until Mitchell suggestted that they fuck. Becky was still hesitant to have sex with her friend but agreed after Gwen promised that she will leave her alone afterwards. She told Becky to get naked and told him to fuck her and do it precisely by her instructions. The girl took off her T-shirt and showed her beautiful little breasts. She took off the remaining part of her clothes too, and stood entirely naked in the middle of the room. Her friend got naked as well. Gwen told him to lick her pussy from the back. He dropped to his knees and gave her pussy a long lick from her clit to her asshole spreading her ass cheeks with his hands.   Then she forced her to suck on his cock. Meanwhile, the brunette-stocker was kneeling next to her and telling her naughty things to make her feel so submissive. She grabbed her hair and started pushing her head on a cock, making her choke on it. After that, she ordered Becky to lay on the couch and watch her giving him a blowjob. The crazy slut was sucking his dick so fabulously that Becky started playing with her pussy while she was watching them. After that, it was the friend who sat still on a couch, and the brunette licked Becky’s beautiful pussy. Becky pulled her legs very high and enjoyed every move of her tongue. Finally came the moment for Becky to be fucked! Naked girl lay on a side, placing one leg on the couch and the other high up in the air. He rubbed his prick up and down her wet slit and then stuck his dick into her hairy pussy, started banging her hard and deep. Becky was screaming so loud, and in the meanwhile, Gwen got fully naked too. After that, Becky was told to ride his dick like a cowgirl. He was pounding furiously at her cunt causing the sexy blonde to cum with screaming orgasms. It was rough sex and he treated his friend like a slut! While the brunette was jumping on his dick, Becky was licking her hairy pussy and his balls. The guy was so turned on that he had to take out his dick and cum all over Becky’s face. Gwen grinned maliciously looking at Becky who was drowning in cum. Gwen gave her a taste for rough, hard sex and she was hooked on to being fucked like a ragdoll.