An adorable, young cutie was walking down the street at night when a couple in an expensive car stopped by and invited her to come join them at their luxurious home, where she would be treated to an unforgettable and intense erotic experience. At their house the host, a breathtaking brunette with a killer body and tits to die for, served her champagne. However, they all had other things on their minds, and the girls soon ended up passionately making out. Having gotten turned on, the wife took the girl upstairs to her husband and asked her to suck his cock. Obediently, hottie went down on her knees and took a fat shaft with her luscious lips. The wife couldn’t stand just watching, so she grabbed her head and forced her down harder, making her deepthroat and choke on her husband’s massive size. She then joined in, and he ended up having two breathtaking ladies taking turns slobbering on his raging boner and licking his balls. The wife was hungry for her pussy as much as she needed his dick, so she stuck her face between her ass cheeks. Her tongue immediately started sliding up and down her ass crack, licking from her clit to her asshole in long movements, pulling every inch of that pussy into her mouth, sucking and lapping at her cunt like a dog would lap milk from a bowl. The hot girls ended up stripping and eating out each other pussies until he finally entered the new girl. Holding her hips firmly, he was ramming her from behind, hammering her dripping snatch doggy style while watching her eating his wife out. When it was the wife’s turn to ride her husband’s schlong in a cowgirl position, teen laid behind her and licked her tight asshole as she had her pussy ravaged. Their guest sat onto her husband’s face and began grinding her cunt on him. From there on out, the hot girls went to try every exotic position possible. The girls took turns on his mouth and his cock as he licked, fucked and fingered them into squirting orgasms. He even let chicks fuck each other and have fun while he watched before joining back in to hammer them both until he exploded with loads of cum. 