If you can get the chance to hire an Asian house sitter, then do it. You see, a while ago, I did that. I needed someone to keep my house clean while I was at work. But, one day, I came home, and what do I find? The bitch is masturbating all over my new, expensive sofa! Do you have any idea what kind of cash I spilled on that?! So, I was reasonably pissed. But, luckily, the situation quickly turned around. This little Asian sex doll knew the weaknesses and flaws of all men. So, when the young girl started to move around seductively, I had two feelings. I was confused as hell, but I knew what’s about to come. So, when she took all her clothes off, I went down on her. I ate that little pussy like a motherfucking champ! Luckily, she was also already wet from masturbating. So, all I could do was bury my nose in that pussy and munch on all her juices. She was more than freaky, though, so she also returned the favor. With her perverted, deviant look, she swallowed my whole cock. But that’s impossible! She has such a tiny fucking mouth! Damn, that got me so horny that I instantly had to stuff her. I let her climb on my massive cock and then I started to bang her like a madman. Her petite body bounced wildly up and down as I continued to impaled her on my large cock. The sight was amazing and I could feel my balls brewing up a large load of cum to dump inside her. I finally lost control over myself, I pulled her close as I began thrusting frantically upward into her. Her moans became cries as I rammed my big dick up into her hitting her cervix every time. It didn’t take long when I filled her little pussy with my seed.   With one last thrust I shot thick spurts inside her. Thick, white cum began to leak out of her still twitching pussy, globs seeping out onto my balls. Over time, though, my intensity increased, so I fucked her like a rabid dog. That caused me to fill that pussy up again, and she was more than happy to receive that warm load of cum! “Harder, harder fill me with your hot cum I want to feel your sex in me all day” That wasn’t the end of it, though, because we kept going. I still wasn’t finished with this little whore. It’s not my fault that she ruined my sofa and then seduced me! So, I started to fuck her in the missionary position. I used her pussy like a little toy, and she loved the shit out of it. That, of course, along with her tiny little squeals and moans, caused me to nut inside of her again. This time, the amount of cum was even larger. Now, it wasn’t dripping out of her. It was fucking leaking like a pipe. Somehow, I literally was insane by now, so I kept fucking her again. Tiny girl was riding me, then I flipped her over and did some doggy style. My mind went blank, and so did hers. We didn’t even know what the fuck we were doing now. All I know is that I filled her pussy two more times. Her little cunt was so full! She had to squeeze her muscles in order to force all the cum out. That was fantastic, and she struggled a lot, but she couldn’t do it. Some amount of my nut was still stuck inside of her, safe and sound. I have no idea about y’all, but I’m keeping this housekeeping service. Especially because it comes with unbelievable perks!