I was feeling horny and playful and decided to see if my girlfriend was up for some dirty fooling around. While she was sitting on a couch studying, with her face buried deep in the books, I came from behind, pulled my cock and my nuts out, and placed them on her shoulder, thinking it would get her going. Instead, she freaked out, started cursing and throwing things at me. Wanting to keep my head on my shoulders, I ran away and ended up in the backyard when she slammed the door shut on me. Fortunately, our guest was there sunbathing, and she saw the whole thing. She was this ravishing, lusty brunette with a pair of big, round, firm tits barely hidden behind her skimpy, red bikini. Her Australian accent was just a cherry on top, and her talking dirty and pulling those breasts out to tease me had me riled up in an instant. As I was mesmerized with her rack, staring and not caring about anything else, my girl opened the door and came out, apparently wanting to apologize. However, she saw me staring at our guest topless and freaked out once again. Chicks started running around the pool as my blonde girlfriend chased the brunette wanting a payback. Luckily, I managed to calm them down, and my babe soon realized she was wrong for not caring about my needs. Things turned out better than expected as she started caressing the brunette, making out with her, and stripping her clothes off.   The girls decided to share and, wanting to be a good girlfriend, she let the brunette be the first one to slobber on my shaft. She even forced her head on my, trying to get her to swallow it deeper. Just moments later, I had two breathtaking babes taking turns licking my veiny rod and gagging on it. My boner was rock hard and soon ended up all slippery from such sloppy sucking. Having sex with two women at the same time was my all-time greatest fantasy! Wanting more privacy and comfort, we went back inside. Not wasting time, the brunette stripped completely nude and sat on my schlong in reverse cowgirl. I watched her incredible ass bouncing up and down as she impaled balls deep, with my babe helping her out by holding those cheeks and spanking them. Then, they switched up and now my sexy blonde was in the same position, going up and down. Wanting to spice things up, even more, I bent both naked girls over the couch and started ramming them doggy style. As I’d hammer one dripping wet pussy, I’d finger the other, continually keeping both of the happy and satisfied. Girls weren’t naive themselves, so, any opportunity they had, they’d rub each other’s pussies, fondle their tits and get each other to moan and scream in pleasure. They came multiple times, simultaneously riding my throbbing boner and having their clits teased and rubbed. I fucked them every way possible before finally reaching my limits and plastering their gorgeous faces and curvy bodies with loads of thick, white jizz.