A ravishing, dark-haired beauty came into a unique boutique looking to be turned into a diva. A brunette worker found a breathtaking dress for her, and when she tried it on, she caught the eye of a store manager who came by offering her a complete service. He found a tight blue dress that would be perfect for his new customer and the sexy girl went on to try it immediately. The suit was perfect on her and turned her into a glamorous babe in an instant. Wanting to give something back and repay the favor, she found no better way than giving herself to the manager. He grabbed her firmly and turned her around, exposing these big, round breasts in front of a mirror and fondling them until the chick got turned on and lusting for something more. Still in her expensive, blue dress, the beauty dropped down on her knees and pulled the manager’s huge boner out. Surprised with his size, her mouth started immediately watering as she placed those luscious lips on his veiny shaft. Just moments later, her head was bobbing back and forth as she was trying to swallow as much of his length as possible. Sexy babe was choking while deepthroating, and her face quickly got all messy, but she wouldn’t give up. Unable to resist, he grabbed the back of her head and started fucking her throat vigorously, listening to her barely catching breath. Such intense and sloppy cock sucking left them both wanting more, so the babe turned her back to him again and went on all fours as he finally stripped her completely naked. Having grabbed her hips firmly, he placed the tip of his cock next to her dripping wet snatch and shoved it all inside. Without wasting a second, he started hammering her relentlessly and drilling her balls deep doggy style. Her screams of pleasure as those large, firm tits bounced back and forth were only a sign for him to pound even harder. The sexiest naked girl laid on her back in front of him, putting her breathtaking body on full display while spreading legs for his rod to enter deeper than ever before. In between changing positions once more, the gorgeous customer went down on her knees and took him in her mouth again. This time, she tasted her pussy juices all over the shaft while slobbering on it and trying to swallow every last drop before mounting him in a cowgirl position. Taking control over, naked babe then proceeded to impale herself as hard as possible while her perfect ass jiggled left and right. She had multiple screaming orgasms but kept riding him as a thankful customer until he plastered her with cum. 