It isn’t uncommon for couples to now make their own sextapes, sometimes even sharing their home porn. These lovebirds also like the idea of making their own sex tapes. His girlfriend is a very attractive woman with long hair, a slender figure and a perfect ass. Although they spent the whole night making love she kept teasing him with her ass. She was in panties and a tiny T-shirt and her ass looked amazing; the round globes stuck out far from her slender body. The dude enjoyed the view, watching her making breakfast, gazing at her ass, his cock throbbing in his pants. His girlfriend glanced back at him and smiled, shaking her ass. However, since she was a little bit clumsy, she spilled the tee over his boxers. She wiped it off with a cloth immediately, and while she was doing it, both of them got turned on. He was sitting on a chair, and she was kneeling in front of him. She pulled down his pants, and his hard dick popped out. She started licking the head of the big cock and it was jumping around every time she flicked her tongue across the end of it. The sexy babe put it in her mouth and started sucking it. She had such a cute cock-sucking face, and it was apparent how much she likes giving blowjobs. A few times, his girlfriend even managed to put the whole dick in her filthy mouth. She was licking it and went all over it with her tongue as if she is a little girl, and the dick is a lollipop. She adored when he was pushing her head on the cock so that she couldn’t move back to get some air.   His girlfriend loves being naughty, and she craves to choke on a cock. After she gave him a nice long blowjob, he placed her on the kitchen floor and slowly pulled her panties off, revealing her gorgeous ass and her beautiful pussy. Her pussy slit was so wet and shiny. Her perfect ass was high in the air, and those damp lips of hers were begging to be fucked. He leaned in ran his wet cock in her slit and pressed until he disappeared into her soaked opening. He started fucking her in the doggy style. She liked it a lot. After that, the guy lay back on the floor, and his sexy naked girlfriend sat on his cock. She started riding it in a reversed cowgirl pose. While she was doing it, she also rubbed her beautiful shaved pussy, cause she was so fucking horny and couldn’t resist without touching her clit. The guy enjoyed watching her perfect ass going up and down right in front of him, looking at her pussy lips riding up and down his cock. Later, he put her on a chair and fucked her, while at the same time, he was pulling her hair. She began pushing her ass back to meet his thrusts, arching her back. The girl felt so submissive and abused, which turned her on incredibly. A few minutes later, she kneeled in front of him, opened her mouth, and put her tongue out. He came all over her pretty fucking face. A few drops of cum fell on the kitchen floor, and being nasty as she is, the girl got down and licked it all up.