Attractive intern knows what to do to get the job. At first glance, you’d say that she’s an innocent chick but there’s more to her than you could ever imagine. In one second, she could go from an angel in her uniform to a freaky cum slut! In the beginning, she was just sucking her boss off. But this blowjob session wasn’t an ordinary one. This bitch is freaky as hell! She’s swallowing that cock like a goddess, and she doesn’t plan to stop at all. She services the tip, along with the shaft first, before moving on to his balls. She buries her nose and tongue in her boss’ scrotum, sucking and licking his balls. “Mmmm, lemme suck on these beautiful balls” she purrs as she gobbles his nuts into her mouth and sucks them. Her boss groans with pleasure, loving seeing her with her face down, big, thick bubble butt up in the air. “Suck my balls, you slut!” she groans at the insult, like it is a compliment. Standing over her he rubs his wet cock all over her cute face. His pre-cum is smeared all over her cheeks and lips. She’s just there to swallow his dick, to be his fuck toy, and she’s not good for anything else. Luckily, she also has a wet, excellent pussy that she can use. And, her boss starts to fuck her in the missionary position first. Her pussy is so wet and juicy that that cock slides in and out of there in the speed of light. She was born for getting fucked like a total whore, and they both know that. So, she just lets her boss fill her pussy out until she is ready to suck him off again, now with tears on her face and ruined makeup. Standing over her he lowers his balls to her lips. She licks them. Then she gobbles his scrotum into her mouth. Mmm, she moans around his balls, sucking his scrotum into her mouth and licking his testicles. Of course, after that, they bang some more.   She is fully naked now, he pushes her on the back, grabs her neck forcing his cock into her. Squeezing her neck with one hand and rubbing her clit with the other hand he starts to fuck her as hard as he can, hammering her cunt repeatedly with long hard strokes. He is driving his cock straight down into her sopping slit and she is squealing with every deep stroke. This bitch just loves it. In fact, she is moaning and screaming as her pussy is getting full of cock. He can’t resist spreading her legs and burying his face in her drenched cunt, lapping at the juices that flow out. She can’t contain herself anymore. Naked girl mounts him, riding up and down on his cock, slamming herself onto his dick, her breasts jiggling, her eyes roll back out of her head, her body taken with ecstasy. Her hand continues to caress his balls, making him pound harder into her cunt! She begs for more, to be fucked harder, so he rolls her off, he forces her to her front, coming from behind, pushing his cock inside her. Crazy slut raises up to her knees taking him deep, deeper and deeper, squealing “more, more”! She is moaning and screaming, losing breath in all the pleasure enjoying being stretched with hardcore hammering. Even with all that rough pounding, she is still hungry for his schlong. He is like a beast in heat, and he now wants to pummel the bitch into oblivion. Her eyes are bulging as he pounds her and her tits are bouncing wildly as he relentlessly drives his cock into her. She can’t help screaming out load with pleasure! He stufs his cock inside of her mouth once again and spurts his cum out in there. She swallows it all like a good girl.