During a game night at her college, the curvy babe ended up alone in a closet. But why the hell is it taking so long for her to be found? Wiggling her giant butt in tight pink booty shorts and clinging fishnet stockings, the hottie found a massive dildo and decided to have some fun while waiting. Her fishnet stockings couldn’t stand in the way of a sex toy, and she just moved her cute, pink shorts to the side to start drilling her aching snatch. Getting really into it, the horny college girl kept changing positions and barely heard when one of her male friends barged in as a part of the game. She managed to hide the dildo just in time not to be exposed, but she was already losing her mind with horniness. When the guy sat next to her, she pulled the dildo back out and went on to slobber all over it, teasing and seducing him. What’s better than a cold dildo? A warm, throbbing, REAL cock in her mouth! That was more than enough to get his blood racing, and the couple started kissing passionately. Sloppy kissing could only last for so long with this lusty blonde, so she bent over in front of him, and dropped that shorts as he tore those stockings right up and started licking her already wet cunt. One short but intense pussy licking later, and he was already rock hard, which was perfect because she was in need of his boner inside of her. Babe was still bent over on all fours when he grabbed her hips firmly and forced himself inside. Moments later, he was vigorously pounding her and listening to her sensual moans of pleasure while going balls deep. He squeezed her big ass cheeks and stroked her clit as he continued to fuck her from behind.   Wanting to have a taste of his rod, the blonde went on her knees in front of the guy. She was wearing nothing but cute sneakers and a loose shirt, so her firm tits and hard nipples were poking out as she started deepthroating with passion. His massive size was not an obstacle for her, and it easily fit deep down her throat. She held his balls with one hand while swallowing dick like a pro, tasting his precum and her pussy juices all over it. That only made her hornier, and she was in need of vigorous pounding once again. Standing up, she lifted one of her slim legs, giving him a perfect way to hammer her from behind, deeper than ever before. Then, she turned around and, showing off her flexibility, put one leg on his shoulder while being pumped from the front. Wanting to go even harder at each other, they went out to find a more private and comfortable place. Having ended up in a bedroom, they continued with intense action. The blonde finally let herself loose and came multiple times, screaming and squirting all over his cock and on the bed. From there on out, he fucked her brains out. Hot naked girl was raising and slamming her big ass down trying as hard as she could to penetrate herself as deep as she could with his dick. Her butt was going up and down. A few seconds later she came again, squirting all over his massive cock and balls. She grabbed his cock thrusting it back into her squirting cunt. He kept pounding her leaving her mind blank before finally shooting loads of cum and plastering her all over.