Busty stepmom is working all day long, but her stepdaughter is always going around the house and makes a mess. She is a compulsive masturbator who loves to squirt! Her stepmom, however, was fed up of cleaning up after her wet mess. Her step daughter was running around naked squirting all over the bathroom floor. The same thing happened in their kitchen, the girl kept squirting all over. Just when the woman was out of her mind, her stepdaughter put on a strapon, sneaked behind her and shoved the dildo right into her cunt! She tried to keep rubbing the floor but the rubber cock felt so good in her cunt. Teen girl kept fucking her with that thing, slapping her naked ass and going deep into her, and it felt even better than her father did that. Finally, two of them understood each other. MILF was naked with her giant fake tits looking magnificent as she was riding that toy! Her teen stepdaughter never expected this as she grabbed her melons. Soon enough, roles were reversed as a young lesbian was riding a strapon, only making a few short breaks to squirt. Now her stepmom was encouraging her to do so as she wanted her sex addicted daughter to spend all of her energy. That will take a while, though, as this young slut was ready for so much more. She sat on the edge of the counter and her naked mom dived deep in her tight shaved pussy with her tongue, lapping out her sweet pussy’s hole and licking her pink asshole too. Young naked girl turned around, spread her ass cheeks in front of her mom’s face and her mom buried her face between her ass cheeks, eating her out. We all know pussy grinding, scissoring is the best way of having lesbian sex and the naked girls were both on the floor while scissoring. MILF started grinding her cunt against her stepdaughter’s wet pussy and she started to cum, squirting all over her. She will teach her a lesson that will ultimately make her stepdaughter respect her a bit more! After having a couple of intense orgasms, the naked mom and daughter finished their session with soft kisses before moving to the bedroom. Once they had a bit of rest, their perverted dyke show would continue! 