A dashing brunette housewife was walking around the house in her seductive and erotic dress when she stumbled into her husband. He had a day off, which was unfortunate because she had already invited another guy to fuck her brains out. However, she was not going to give up on hardcore action just because he was there. The guy rang a bell, and she snuck him inside, telling her husband it was only a random delivery. With her husband watching the TV in the living room, she brought the other guy just behind him, dropped on her knees, pulled his raging boner out, and started slobbering on it as hard as possible. She was so hungry for his cock that she was deepthroating right off the bat, choking on his massive size but not stopping even while losing breath. It was a miracle the husband didn’t hear the sound of his cheating wife gagging on a monster shaft, but, wanting to be safe, the two went to the bedroom. Once there, the housewife continued sucking him off. She enjoyed sucking that big hard cock compared to  her husband’s shrimpy little thing. Suddenly the hubby came to the room and she had nothing to do bud hide her lover under the sheets. But even in the presence of her husband he did not intend to waste time and began licking her pussy! He ate her out as she talked to her husband and managed to send him away. Such intense oral foreplay was more than enough to make them both aching for more. He simply spread her legs, shoved his whole length inside her dripping snatch, and started pounding her balls deep. She felt her orgasm building up, stronger than anything she’d felt in a while. She desperately tried to hold in a loud moan. The cock in her pussy felt so amazing, she couldn’t hold back. The cheating wife was screaming in pleasure, getting hammered by his thick shaft. They began changing positions and switching things up not paying attention to her husband. Sexy babe continued to bounce on the cock, getting closer and closer to the edge, and a woman cumming on a fat cock can be loud. This is why her lover stuffed his cock into her drooling mouth just in time, as she felt her orgasm burst. After riding him and getting drilled in every way possible, she was more than happy to let him shoot a massive load of white jizz all over her tight body. 