My friend asked me to come and make footage of her workout, so I packed my cam and went to see her. She was always a gym rat, and now she wants to become a YouTube star, showing her routines. I mean, she is gorgeous, so I’m sure that people will gladly watch her. With her perfect figure, a firm ass, curvy hips and mischievous smile, she has never had any trouble finding plenty of guys to watch her. But what I’ve figured out soon was that she wanted her legs to be super strong so that she won’t disappoint her boyfriend in the bedroom and the most important thing she wanted me to help her with it! She began showing me some compromising positions, crouching and imitating she was riding a cock. Her firm round ass looked amazing in her sexy pink tight gym pants. I couldn’t help getting horny while watching her doing it. I had a huge boner and she noticed it. It was so funny to her, but at the same time, she was so impressed that she pulled down her top to reveal her natural tits. I knew she was playing with me, but I let her do it. I can tell you; she is one confident bitch. Without even asking, she went down on her knees, pulled the dick out of my pants and started to suck it while watching me. She circled my cockhead with her tongue then sucked in the entire length until my balls hit her chin. I was enjoying every second of it, but as she took time to play with my balls and suck them too, I knew this would take a while. As we continued, things got rougher. The next thing I knew, she was deepthroating me like she never saw a cock. What is impressive is that she is such a tiny babe, so my well above average dick looked giant in her hands and mouth.   Still, she wanted to prove that she can do it like big girls! As she finally took her clothes down, I could enjoy watching her fat ass. She began rubbing her ass against my balls and my cock before rising up, my shaft now glistening with her juices. This brunette knew how much I like to watch her behind, so no wonder she wanted to ride me reverse cowgirl style. It was a beautiful sight, watching her ass cheeks going up and down while I was destroying her unshaven pussy. All the time, she was controlling the pace, and finally, I was balls deep inside of her. She was so tight that I felt pain, but there is no way that I would stop. Instead, I banged her harder, testing her limits. She was bouncing up and down, riding my prick with wild abandon, her ass cheeks bouncing and jiggling as we fuck. After she took a break to suck me once again and taste her pussy juices, she was back on top, this time riding me cowgirl style. I felt that she already came a couple of times, but my mission was to delay my orgasm as much as I could. Suddenly my dick popped out and she squirted, her legs coming together and twitching, her toes curling! She was moaning and screaming, luckily we were alone, but I’m sure that her neighbors could hear her. She really surprised me when she started squirting, which only motivated me to go deeper inside of her doggy style. When I couldn’t take it anymore, I pulled out my dick and began to spray her tits and face. I always enjoy seeing big hard cocks shooting out cum all over some slut’s happy face when I watch porn and I did the same. Judging by the smile on her messy face, this is what she wanted!