After the girls had sex last night and once again the following morning, while they were sitting naked under the shower, Aria and Indica were still hungry for sex. Aria ventured out to see if her boyfriend had heard any of those moans. Hot naked girl crawled on top of him, her big natural tits squished against his face, her thighs squeezing his legs, hungry for his morning wood! She took his big dick out and started sucking like a nasty girl. She got to work worshipping, swallowing his entire shaft while caressing his balls. Meanwhile, Indica sneaked out of the bathroom and watched her friend sucking her boyfriend’s dick. Only by the way she was walking, you could tell that she was eager for cock too. She was horny to fuck, so she started masturbating while she was watching them. Her friend was riding her boyfriend’s huge cock, bouncing her bubble butt up and down… up and down… When she couldn’t resist more, she decided to join them. Aria’s boyfriend didn’t get surprised when he saw her at all. He just moved Aria aside and let Indica suck his dick too. Indica spat on it first and then stuck it down her filthy throat. He watched as both of the naked girls took turns in sucking his cock and balls. He then let Indica ride his dick, while his girlfriend sat above his head and grind her pussy into his mouth as he licked and sucked her. Hot babe rode his cock like a cowboy rides a bull. She was grinding her pelvis into him enjoying the clitoral stimulation and slamming herself down onto the hard rod, enjoying deep penetration and vaginal stimulation. Head back, breast bouncing, body yielding and pushing him to completion as she slipped up and down his engorged member. Then the girls changed positions so that Aria could fuck. Both girls are booty and love being spanked. After a good spanking, the guy fucked Aria in a missionary position, while she was licking Indica’s pussy, for the third time in the last 12 hours. He came all over them for a perfect end of this threesome. Could you handle these insatiable two big natural beauties? 