My girlfriend and I have been together for a few months now. I like her a lot, cause she is great in any way. She looks fantastic, and her personality is so open-minded that it fits me perfectly. The best of all is that we perfectly match in sex. Since I like to experiment a lot, and I noticed that she loves trying new things as well, one day, I bought her a sex toy. It was a small pink vibrator that can be controlled from any cell phone through an app. When I wanted to give it to her, she was waiting for me in the kitchen, already playing with her pink pussy. She was wearing a tiny white tank top, white thongs and blue mini skirt. She was so hot and sexy, I like when her red hair is arranged into two pigtails, one on each side of her head. She looks like an innocent girl but so slutty at the same time. She smiled when I told her about the gift. She stuck it in her pussy right away and walked around the room a little bit, while I was teasing her from my cell. She lifted her skirt so I could see her amazing butt, and she was shaking whenever I increased the vibration. Watching her having orgasm and shaking with her skirt pulled up turned me on a lot. Her pussy juices were all over her fingers. She lay on her back on a bed, and I came to her head and took my dick out. She started sucking it while I was playing with the device. She was insanely horny. When she took the vibrator out, it was all creamy from her secretion. She took her shoes off, and then her clothes as well. I spread her legs and started licking her wet juicy pussy. I love eating her pussy and drinking her pussy juices. I was sucking on her clit as hard as I could, making her cum all over my face. She was ready for the cock. I put her in a doggy style position. As I felt the head of my cock touched her opening I could feel her sensitive pussy was pulsating.   I thrust in, driving the whole length in, then pulling all the way out and driving balls deep into her tiny body. Her juices were literally running down his balls. I was pounding into her like there was no tomorrow, watching her gorgeous naked body and her perfect ass. I grabbed her pigtails and choked her, cause I know that she likes to feel manhandled and dominated. My cock was so hard that I thought it would explode. Her body was shaking and trembling uncontrollably. We had just started, but she already had an orgasm. I tried to keep my pace, but she needed my hard cock inside her so badly. When I lay on my back on the bed, my sexy little babe sat on my dick and started riding it. She was jumping on it so hard and screaming how she wants me to fuck her. I plunged my full manhood deep into her swollen, sopping pussy. She moaned in satisfaction. The rhythmic motion of my cock, fully penetrating her, brought her to orgasm quickly. Her pussy convulsed and contracted on my throbbing cock. Her body was ripping through orgasm after orgasm. Her pussy clenching tightly to my cock inside of her. I exploded. A gut wrenching, twisting, draining river of cum slung deep inside her. I tensed, convulsed, and continued until fully drained. That is when I saw how nasty and perverted my girlfriend really is.