What happens when a shy woman, with no sex experience in her forties, finds a magic book? Don’t miss this beautiful fantasy story. This woman lived in her comfort zone. Day in and day out she woke up, wore the same dowdy clothes, went to the office. One afternoon, she stumbled upon a magical book that shook up her mundane existence and exposed her to a world of sexual possibilities she never had dreamed imaginable. First, she stole the suspicious book with a magical aura. Because of that, something strange started happening to her. This middle-aged office lady suddenly found herself surrounded by countless sexual opportunities. At first, she managed to fit in with a younger couple, mainly as a spectator. She watched them bang while she was fully naked, tied up, with her titties roped. She had to watch the couple have sex, the dude fucked his slutty girlfriend hard and rough, and came on her face at the end. She had never seen anything like that before! Since then, her sexuality started to awaken. Next up, she was at her tedious office job, sitting at her desk. Her boss had never looked at her before, and now, suddenly, he seemed more interested in her than ever. That led to confusion, but the pleasant kind of it. Bending her over the table he pulled her skirt up over her naked ass. She could do nothing but obediently wait what her boss would do next. He sat down, buried his face between her ass cheeks, spreading them so his tongue could squirm deep into her greedy cunt. Then he told her to get naked in front of him, take off her white blouse and her bra. He squeezed both hr nipples with his fingers, watching her reaction, she just obediently waited. He begun sucking on her amazing big tits, then licking her cunt right there in the office. A second later, the beautiful naked woman ended up satisfying his massive cock, and his round, sweaty balls. She couldn’t believe she was sucking her boss’ cock but she loved it, absolutely adored it. She was swallowing them just to see his face as he moaned in delight.   After that, though, she got plowed like a real, newfound whore. At first, she got banged in her tight, beautiful pussy. But, that wasn’t the only thing that the book was ready to let her try. She soon moved on to anal sex, and she loved the sensation of it. She was fucked in numerous positions. For example, there was some doggy there, but she was also riding that cock like a real champion. She was pretty much ready to try it all, and with her alpha male boss, that was absolutely possible. She ended up pinned to her desk, enjoying that cock deep inside of her tight bum hole. It was a beautiful new thing, and it made her juices leak stronger than ever before. He felt her asshole tighten, he knew she was cumming and not able to hold off any longer, he began cumming deep in her ass. She was moaning and begging for him to cum in her ass! Finally he slipped his half-stiff cock out of her ass and a river of cum flowed out of her asshole. He collapsed in exhaustion, and she did the same. But behold, that’s not the end of it! After that, she pretty much ended up in full on orgy. There was a black dude with a massive cock that was plowing her, and numerous other naked girls sharing big cocks. This time, she was on her hands and knees, taking that sweet, massive black mamba from behind. This time, she was panting and moaning, all while her limbs were shaking from the pleasure. On the side, behind her, you could see two more girls getting their pussies absolutely smashed. This book gave her something that she could never find on her own. And that’s sexual excitement. It was new to her, and it was fun, exciting, and packed with action.