French slut feels so bored, as her husband is not paying any attention to her while they are in the cafe. He’s more interested in reading his newspaper, leaving his horny wife feeling ignored. Hoping to make her hubby jealous she decided to seduce a stranger over at the next table. After touching his cock, he was already hard, and she did something outrageous, going under the table to suck him! Her husband was only a few feet away, but she didn’t care. The next minute she was on the table with her legs spread wide open in front of the stranger. She pulled her black panties to the side and he moved in to taste her pussy! That accent, those tits, her smile. She is first class! My dick wouldn’t last 5 mins inside that pussy. My sweet french slut! He kept licking her dripping wet trimmed snatch before impaling her missionary style. Soon her big, juicy tits were bouncing all over the place. As their session developed, he was now banging her standing style, going balls deep inside of her wet cunt, making her big tits move up and down in rhythm. But for such an experienced MILF, this is what she wanted. Finally naked, the babe was riding that fat boner cowgirl style, and they didn’t care what other people would think. She is a beautiful, free-spirited woman who enjoys life, and if her hubby doesn’t want to fuck, someone else has to. While riding him reverse cowgirl style, she felt like she was in paradise. Her tits were making circular motions with each stroke of the penis being rammed inside her pussy. I couldn’t stop laughing at the dude holding the newspaper to his face while two people are fucking 3 feet away from him. No one had fucked her so good for such a long time, and the size of his boner was perfect for her pussy. That was not the end of it, as that rod went inside of her doggy style, making her cum once more. After invading her snatch on the floor, the lucky man did the perfect thing by shooting his cum all over her face, making a mess. One of the most beautiful women ever in porn. An absolute stunner! 