One day, in a beautiful floor house, a cocktail party was held. Mostly the people who work together where there. One girl, who came there with her black boyfriend, pushed her cheek from the inside with her tongue, giving a guy a signal that she wants to give him a blowjob. She said that she’s going upstairs to fix her makeup, and the guy faked a phone call, so he could go upstairs to speak in private. She was waiting for him there. She lifted her skirt and showed him her naked pussy. She didn’t wear any underwear. The bitch kneeled in front of him and started sucking his big hard dick. They were right next to the fence, so they could see the party downstairs. She sucked his dick so good and jerked it until he came in her mouth. When they were done, they came back downstairs. The girl came among everyone with still a little sperm on her cheek as nothing happened. When her boyfriend asked her what that is, she said that it is the new makeup product she’s been using. A sneaky blowjob only whetted womanizer’s appetite for more. While they were all standing in a circle around the bar table, he lifted his colleague’s girlfriend’s dress and made her ass naked. She didn’t wear any underwear too. He started squeezing her butt, and that made her horny. He even stuck his finger up her asshole right under her oblivious husband’s nose! They sneaked upstairs together, found a room and got in.   Smiling seductively, she pulled her tits out of her dress. They were big, soft with large areolas. Her kisses were passionate and lusty. As he kissed her, she grabbed his hands and placed them firmly on her tits. He was kneading her boobs with both hands. Ohhhh, it felt sooooo good. She wanted to be fucked. She couldn’t wait till he stuck his cock in her. He placed her on a bed in a doggy style position, fingering her asshole and then stuck his cock into her ass! He thrust his cock hard and deep and her eyes flared and her mouth opened. “Can you feel my cock in your ass? Tell me!” He pushed harder and soon bottomed out, holding his cock deep inside her. “Yes!” she gasped, “Oh yes!” Her face expressed shock and surprise and pleasure. She had never experienced anal sex and her hubby never showed any interest. Feeling her ass rim tighten around his dick, he pumped as hard as he could fuck deep in her ass. He grabbed her small waist with both hands and banged her rough and hard, watching her booty meat jiggle with each thrust. His thighs bounced off her big ass, drilling her asshole harder and harder. He then made her try the taste of her butt by lying on a bed and letting her suck his dick. She was so voluptuous and choked on it as far as she could. She took off her dress and sat on his dick, starting riding it like an anal slut, enjoying rough and satisfying anal sex. After he fucked her good, he placed her on her back and licked her pussy. He made her cum before he came in her ass and made it all be covered in semen. The babe came back to the party with his cum leaking out of her asshole.