There’s a British hunk on a dating app just waiting to get matched with a beautiful babe who he would fuck immediately. And today might just be his lucky day as these two gorgeous girls are talking in the living room about one of their breakups. The friend is advising her that she needs to fuck some hard cock immediately to get over her ex who dumped her. She needs to get over her breakup and what better way than some Rebound Sex! The babe is on this dating app, and her friend snatches her phone and starts looking through all these different guys. All of a sudden she finds a 31-year-old Brit who is not far from where her friend lives and she immediately swipes right. The dude arrived there pretty much instantly. The friend left immediately, and the lonesome breakup girl was left to confront the new dating up mystery stranger. The guy did bring a bottle of wine with him and he did seem to put in a lot of effort into seducing her, so she thought it might not be a bad idea to have sex with him. He pulled her close, kissing her sweet, soft lips. She was ecstatic about the whole situation. Her pussy filled her panties with pools of love juice with the excitement of sex with a new person. His hand were all over her, and within moments, he had pulled her white lace panties aside and parted her legs. She quickly forgot about all that breakup when he began kissing her pussy, licking her smooth pussy and sucking on her clit. All it took was a little bit of making out and she was already horny enough to fuck. With his strong hands he turned her around facing the table and moved behind her. He pulled her moist panties down her knees. Looking back over her shoulder she got her first glimpse of his cock. It was big, twice as big as her ex and thicker. He rammed his cock into her and the girl was getting the hardcore drilling she deserved. Hard, deep thrusts, made her moan. And it felt incredible. Better than her ex-husband had ever managed. His hands on her hips pulling her into him with each thrust of his cock. She wanted to suck his gorgeous cock, wanted him to fuck her all day long and cum all over her face. It seems that she won’t be feeling all broken up after the guy is done fucking her tight pussy. 