What happens when you have a gorgeous woman seducing you in a luxury hotel? How could you ever resist it? He was with his friend and his beautiful girlfriend on vacation. She had always had a crush on him and decided to take a chance with an invitation to a secluded waterfall. And when the guy came, she saw her bathing in a beautiful pool, set in nature, all naked! She was standing fully naked before him without any shame nor embarrassment. He was admiring her gorgeous body. She was lovely in every way with that wonderful face slim hard body, fine breasts and sweet little pussy. She immediately dropped on her knees and started to suck him off. It was fantastic, and she was doing it beautifully. She swallowed that cock, and she worked hard to make him even hornier. Sexy watching her suck cock by the waterfall. Very sensual intimate scene. Two very attractive people, good chemistry, good direction, good photography making for a great scene. It’s a treat watching a sexy naked girl having passionate sex in paradise. He deftly avoid cumming too quickly despite being smitten by her beauty. At first, they began with some excellent missionary, and you could see this wonderful woman. She has beautiful eyes, and they were filled with lust. Her beautiful body and her round, perky boobs were trembling. Her pussy, so full of juices, was beautiful. That’s what made them bang even harder and change numerous poses. You could see the doggy style one, packed with some standing banging. Then, they moved on to riding, until passion eventually led them to the reverse cowgirl position. Naked girl moved so skillfully on that magnificent ever-hard cock like she was “using” it just for her pleasure. Dude, she is hands down one of the sexiest women out there. More sweet fellatio, and a little cunnilingus, fun public cock-rubbing. This woman loved it all, and she was just thirsty for that cock. And he did a fine job banging this beauty. In fact, she was so fired up that she couldn’t stop. She sucked him off once again in the end, just to make him explode in her mouth! Excellent cum shot and savoring to complete the act,…when she smiled while tasting that cum it was like she was saying, “loved it!”  “We need to do it again sometime.” She was really horny, and luckily, she’s a complete goddess of fucking. If you ever see a woman like this, never ever let her go! Vixen is my favorite site because of her direction and the top notch girls. Gorgeous girl after gorgeous girl having great sex in the most beautiful locations. 