This teen girl is determined to drop out of school even if it means she has to fuck her new step brother and get pregnant, She hates homework, she hates school, her step brother cums in her and she is pregnant! Watch this cutie take his thick cock until he fills her up with a creampie! He was down on his legs, licking on her pussy, and treating it right. He pleased her, sucking on her clit, and she loved the way it felt. Her whole body was trembling as she came in his mouth. But, this chick isn’t selfish at all. So, she returned the favor by dropping on her knees and sucking his dick as well. “Mmm,” she moaned as her tongue flicked away at the cockhead in her mouth. Luckily, the stepbrother had some aggressiveness in him than you’d imagine. So, he grabbed her by the back of the head and started to fuck her little throat. That made her super horny, and she looked at him directly in his eyes as she struggled to swallow that massive python. They started with some missionary. He was kneeling between her legs and began rubbing his cockhead against her wet pussy. ‘Mmm, yes fuck me and cum in me’ He thrust forward, and his long thick cock rammed deep into the wet pinkness. ‘Oh yes’ the girl moaned. Her eyes were leaking tears, as her young cunt was stretched beyond belief. She could feel it deep inside her, tearing the walls of her pussy and making her even wetter. Her young tight pussy felt amazing, he grabbed her tit and squeezed it. He laid on his back, and the young naked girl climbed on his cock, impaling her cunt on his long, stiff prick. She was so excited, she started to push her pelvis against him fucking his dick with her pussy. He felt his sister’s young pussy squeezing and milking his cock. The pulsating muscles made the pussy tighter and he couldn’t help cumming. Little slut squealed with delight! She feel his throbbing manhood pulsate, pumping his cum into her body like a jet from a fire hose. The warm cum in her vagina felt wonderful. She spread her legs wider giving him an excellent view of her cum filled pussy. Cum was leaking out of her well-fucked pussy. Eventually moving on to doggy. Since her pussy was already filled with cum, it was the best thing ever for her. Now, she was so out of control that she had to rub her pussy while she was getting pounded. This crazy action felt fantastic for her, and she just had a super intense orgasm. 