Slim, young brunette stepsister, was home alone with her stepbrother. They were fooling around when she noted how she had the cutest bikini and wanted to try it on in front of him. She immediately went to get dressed and came back wearing this tight and tiny green bikini. Stepsis was turning around in front of her stepbro, giving him a good look at her perky tits and her firm ass, wondering if they looked good in her current outfit. He couldn’t do much but kept staring at her, nodding in approval. The breaking point was when a teen slut asked him to oil her body up. He started carefully, putting it all over her back, but she was adamant at him covering all of her and, squeezing that ass soon, got his cock rock hard. When stepsis flipped over for him to oil up her stomach, she had noticed the bulge poking out and started teasing him for it. Just moments later, she was already pulling it out and slobbering on it with passion. Her mouth was full of saliva and his precum, spilling all over and making the shaft all slippery. His sexy naked sister was bobbing her head up and down on his dick, looking into his eyes. His sister then spun around and placed her wet pussy at his face while her face was again his dick. She began bucking her hips up and grinding her pussy into his face, splashing his face with her juices. She wanted his dick badly in her pussy, very badly. Her eyes were begging his dick inside her! Spreading her long legs she pulled him on top of her. He slowly pushed his cock into her hole, feeling her tight wet cunt stretching on his hard cock. Naked girl bent over on all fours and invited her stepbro to ram her doggy style. He held her hips firmly and ravaged her vigorously. Wanting to feel him as deep as possible, she pushed back in rhythm, impaling her ass all the way. Now he just wanted to feel her on his cock, he used his hips to just fuck, thrusting again and again, just enjoying the sensation of wet cunt on his cock. From there on out, they kept changing things up and trying different positions out. Now and then, she’d take the cock back in her mouth before both of them eventually reached their limits, and he exploded in orgasm, shooting streams of hot, white jizz all over her tight body. 