You have a skinny schoolboy, and he’s a pretty shy dude. He’s there to help, and there’s a schoolgirl, a popular one, that knows it. So, she invited him to her house one day to get her homework done with him. He tried to help her but she was distracted. She was obsessed with getting another guy’s attention away from his girlfriend by posting sexy pics of herself on her social media to gain popularity. She just wanted to be liked. The sexy schoolgirl asked the nerd to take some pics with her to get more followers. Her followers will love some panty pics and she spreads her legs in front of the dude. Now, the rest is up to him, and luckily, he was smart enough to make the right choice. He suggested that the blonde pull her pink panties aside so that the pussy could be seen completely. She did so, spreading her pussy lips with two fingers giving him a view of her clit. Her bright red clit distended just enough to poke from its hiding spot. Her pussy looked so lovely, smooth pussy lips with the nice pink wet slit between. After taking close up pics of her pussy the blonde wanted him to take some pictures from behind, so that her asshole was clearly visible too. Her pussy was so close to his face he could smell it’s erotic aroma! Her cute ass and her pussy, that was the most beautiful thing the nerd ever seen. He couldn’t control himself anymore, he lowered his face to her pussy and softly placed kisses all over. He trailed his tongue up and down between her ass cheeks, tasting her, feeling the texture of her pussy. He gently started licking her slit. He licked her and lapped up her juices. What about some cock sucking selfies for her followers? The schoolgirl was used to taking cock sucking selfies, sending them to her slutty friends, asking them if they can tell who she is sucking off.   So, like a moment after, the blonde teen was on her knees, sucking on his dick. And she was doing a great job, swallowing it all, and whatnot. With her tiny mouth, she was capable of doing amazing things. Plus, she was looking into the camera, which just made the whole action even hotter! She was stroking him to full hardness and fucking his cock with her lips and tongue and hands, making loud slurping and sucking pops, groaning and grunting on his shaft as though it is a candy. Sexy babe didn’t forget about his balls, rubbing them with her fingers, tickling gently over his sensitive perineum and sucking his balls into her mouth too. This little dude got so horny that he just had to smash her! And he did it from behind, plowing her in the doggy style. Her ass may be small, but it’s all bubbly and round, so that’s a fantastic view. He was pounding her roughly, and she even let him record the whole thing for himself. Now, he was stuffing that pussy like a madman, and his inner animal was unleashed. That’s why he took her, flipped her over, and let her ride him. This chick finally saw what he could do, and she was more than happy to jump all over his dick. Young naked girl let out all kinds of moans, and by the end of it, she was screaming from pleasure. She loved this little sex session that they have, because his big dick was balls deep inside of her. She was even swaying her hips around a bit, to let that cock move more, and to get it in even deeper. She also started to suck it once again. Little slut wanted to taste her juices, and nothing could stop her. She licked every single inch of it, she sucked it, and she treated it like the tastiest candy in the world. She was mesmerized by this, yes, but she wanted to get fucked even more. So, she laid down, and let the dude plow her once again, in the missionary position! That made the dude nut strongly, and she didn’t even mind that he did. That’s because she also had an orgasm, but something changed inside of her. Now, she’ll take every single chance available to fuck him instead of giving herself to all the other sporty jocks at school. And that’s a fantastic win for all the nerdy boys across the world’s high schools.