This gardener is mowing the lawn for some rich prick, when all of a sudden, he sees the homeowner’s daughter sitting by the pool and catching some rays. The babe’s got this skimpy cute bikini on and he can’t help looking at her from time to time out of curiosity. She is one of that spoiled rich bitches, a young teen slut. After a little bit, she takes out her tits so that they get a tan as well. The last thing she wants is tan lines, right? Catching a glimpse of the girl topless he stops mowing the lawns and takes his cock out! Well, screw that. He will get fired anyway. He starts to jerk off while staring at the naked girl. The babe is a bit weirded out by the situation but he is sweet-talking her so that she gets into the mood. All of a sudden he seems to be making progress. She asks him to do her a favor, to spread sun lotion over her ass cheeks, and the dude would love nothing more. He can’t believe that he’s groping the ass of his boss’s daughter, and he is hoping to go all the way with her. But he doesn’t really know how to do it subtly, so after applying sun lotion to her ass, he gently pulls her bikini aside and starts licking her pussy from behind. She instinctively pushes her ass back onto him , making his tongue go deeper into her soaking wet pussy. Then he asks her straight: “wanna fuck?” The babe is in a bit of a shock, but she’s so horny at this point that she just responds with a resounding and slutty ‘yeah’. The dude smiles showing her his big hard cock. Hot blonde teen grabs the cock and starts sucking it like she just found water in the middle of the desert. He is literally getting a nice and sloppy blowjob from his boss’s daughter and he knows that he is completely safe since the homeowner is at work. He gets to fuck his slutty bimbo of a blonde daughter up her pussy right there next to his swimming pool. He fucks her harder with every thrust and the babe can’t believe what she has gotten herself into. He methodically picked up the pace, almost tortuously working up speed as he pounded into her from behind, slamming his body into hers with each thrust. You couldn’t imagine a better outcome of working for a lousy prick like that! It’s like a dream come true! After today, the babe is going to be coming to this dude whenever she needs a good dicking. He can’t wait to cum inside that hot pussy again. 