Every time I see my beautiful girlfriend it’s like she’s begging to be fucked. Forget about looking at all those other bitches out there, all I need is this hot slutty specimen of a girlfriend and I’m set for life! I come home every day from work to see her dancing around naked in the apartment. I can’t help but film it all, and today you get to see it too. You’ll also get to see a lot more as I get to work on her sexy pussy. After she’s done stripping down her sexy thong and dancing, she spreads her legs on the sofa for me. At this point, she’s got nothing on except for her knee socks. Those are really sexy and I love seeing her in them when I’m giving her a hard dicking and also eating her little pussy out. As long as I get to fuck that sweet pussy of hers, I’m ready to lick that sucker dry. She can orgasm, she can squirt, but as long as I get to drill that tight hole after all that is over with, then I’m more than glad to do it. I go down on her and I start writing out the entire alphabet. Do you want to know how to lick a girl properly like me? It’s like a miracle, and she’s moaning her lungs out as she gets closer to climax. With my tongue skills, it doesn’t actually take long for her to cum. She’s done in a matter of minutes and I’m ready to start banging that shit from every angle and position. She gets on top of me, positions her wet pussy above my cock and slowly lowers herself onto my cock. The feeling of her warm wet, spasming pussy encircling my throbbing cock feels amazing. As I am getting closer to cumming she loses control and starts to cum really hard too.   Her tight cunt begins to contract, trying to hold on to my prick, I begin dumping my cum into her vagina. Hot sperm splashing inside her cunt. I reached up and squeezed her jiggling tits, cumming inside her. There is so much it is starting to come out and drip down her leg. My naked girlfriend gets on her knees showing me her cum dripping pussy. I slide in easily because of all the cum inside her. I can hear the slurping sounds of her pussy closing and opening. My warm cum oozing out between my dick and her pussy lips. Smack, smack smack her cunt says. Spurt after spurt of my cum erupts out of my cock, filling her spasming pussy. I know she loves feeling my hot cum inside her pussy, and I can feel my little girl’s pussy milking me for every drop. My babe has orgasm after orgasm and cum is leaking out of her cunt with each thrust. I keep fucking her harder and keep shooting more and more cum in her pussy. I get to fuck her however I want and so I go at it from all angles. Oh, and don’t think for a second that she’s going to get out of sucking my dick. It’s on the menu, don’t worry, and she’s going to deepthroat it until I get some of that hot cum down her throat too. When you see how well she can suck cock, you’re going to wish you were in my place. Anyway, the grand finale is the best part, as I fill her up with the biggest creampie. I ejaculate again and I get all my white spunk deep down her pussy. Big globs of cum are dripping from her swollen pussy. Cum is flowing like a river from her stretched out cunt. It’s like she was made to be my little cum dispenser. To be honest, that’s about the only thing I use her for, a glorified cum rag.