A foxy, young redhead with a tight body and a beautiful face was feeling all playful and frisky and was passionately making out with her boyfriend in the kitchen. The couple only made a short break when her roommate barged in, interrupting them for a brief moment just as things started heating up. However, that’s when things started getting even more exciting. The roommate, who was this breathtaking, blue-haired chick with a perfect ass on a killer body, seemingly left the two and went to watch TV. The redhead kept going and, soon enough, pulled her boyfriend’s massive, already rock hard schlong out and started slobbering on it sitting at the kitchen counter, just behind her roommate’s back. As it turned out, she was not so oblivious after all or innocent, for that matter. She turned around to see that steamy dick sucking session, but just watching the show wasn’t enough for her. The kinky roommate bared her perfect, firm, round tits at the redhead’s boyfriend and started teasing him while fondling them all around. When the couple swapped positions and the redhead bent over to have her dripping pussy licked, the other hottie started sending the guy various videos and pictures of her stripping naked and playing with herself. The boyfriend licked his girlfriend all over but couldn’t stop himself from staring at the naughty roommate. He soon ended up making some silly excuse and leaving the redhead all horny on the chair to find the other slut. Luckily, she was in her bedroom, already on her knees and waiting for a good licking. Just as they started getting into it, the girlfriend found his phone and saw videos playing on it.   She immediately rushed to the room, where she found them red-handed. That was an intro for an amazing, wild, nasty threesome in which these two sluts and one lucky guy enjoyed so fucking much. Even though his girlfriend was jealous, she was also horny as fuck, so, wanting to establish dominance, she started sucking him off right in front of the other chick. The blue-haired naked girl couldn’t keep herself contained and watched that wet blowjob while fingering herself. When the redhead turned around on her knees, the girls started kissing just as he went on to enter her aching cherry. Just moments later, he was vigorously pounding his girlfriend, firmly holding her hips, while she was rubbing the blue-haired hottie and watching the pleasure on her face. Finally deciding she’s willing to share, the girlfriend gave her roommate a taste of her boyfriend’s dick covered in her pussy juices. She was so horny she started deepthroating relentlessly, continually choking on the shaft but going on. From there on out, there was no stopping these three. His dick was standing straight up like a flagpole and the slutty roommate climbed on and began bouncing. Up and down she went, her tight pussy riding his dick, boobies bouncing. She kept going, slamming herself down on his amazing cock. Meanwhile his girlfriend sat on his face and began to grind herself into his face. Naked girls laid on one another as he took turns shoving his fat schlong from one wet snatch to the other. Of course, none of the girls didn’t want to miss the chance to lick the other one’s cunt while, at the same time, she was being fucked like a nasty slut. When he’d fuck one hottie, the other would sit on her face, rub her clit, or keep her legs spread for even greater pleasure. Nasty sluts couldn’t help competing who was better at giving blowjob and fucking. Both babes came numerous times before he finally reached his limits and covered them in his thick, white load. Both naked girls were all covered in cum. Her sluty roommate helped her clean herself by licking the sperm of her face, but only so that later she could spit it all into her filthy mouth and let her swallow it. Both whores were still very horny and so eager for more cock.