A dashing brunette babe had a friend over, and the girls were hanging out in the backyard, sunbathing by the outdoor pool. Both girls were in their sexy bikinis, and the brunette knew her stepbrother was lurking around because he always did that when there were hot chicks involved. However, being the mischievous stepsister that she was, that wouldn’t stop her from having fun even though she was fully aware her stepbrother was spying on them. She went for a seductive swim and, after leaving the pool all wet, she even removed the top of her bikini, exposing those perfect, round, firm breasts which were glistening in the sun. That view was enough to make him rush to the bathroom and start jerking off on the toilet. However, the stepsister was heading there and barged in without knocking, catching him in the act. He tried his best to hide what he was doing quickly, but she knew better than that. A playful conversation ensued where the stepbrother was trying to come up with an excuse as to why he was sitting there naked with a raging hardon, but all of his efforts were futile. Luckily, his stepsis didn’t mind at all and even started questioning him about it. When the guy finally admitted to jerking off while thinking of her, her interests peaked, and she asked if she could touch his cock. One soft and sensual handjob later, and both of them ended up rushing to the bedroom. Once there, stepsis grabbed his head and forced it towards her chest. He licked those big tits with tiny nipples and made her moan in pleasure before stripping her panties and burying his tongue inside her trimmed, aching cherry. Her erotic moans were only getting louder as she was becoming hornier by the second, feeling his warm tongue licking her all over, from her clit to her anus.   Eager to suck his beautiful hard rod, naked girl stood up on all fours, grabbed his shaft firmly, and took it in her petite mouth. Even though he looked too big for her, she was sucking him off like a pro and doing her best to deepthroat, choking on that monster, she only made his shaft harder and slippery from her drooling all over it. She passionately slobbered all over the head until both of them couldn’t take it anymore and had to go further. Still on all fours, she just turned around and presented him with her firm, round ass. His stepsis was so wet that he immediately slid all the way inside her pulsating cunt. Her screams of pleasure were a sign that he was doing it right, so he continued pounding her balls deep. Her ass cheeks were bouncing from the fury of their motions and she pushed her ass back to meet each thrust. She bit her lip, trying not to cry out feeling his dick stretch her out, his balls slap against her clit. Wanting to feel each other in every way possible, they started changing positions. After doggy style, she mounted him like a lusty cowgirl, and he rammed her vigorously from beneath. She was riding him hard and fast. He was so deep in her. Her huge tits were bouncing in front of his face. She was moving back and forth grinding herself on him, moving her hips up and down, penetrating herself fully. He can feel her cunt squeeze and suck his shaft trying to hold him deep inside her body, feeling her pussy juices coating more and more of his cock. He turned her around into a reverse cowgirl, grabbed her waist and started pounding furiously into her cunt. Having made her orgasm numerous times, he finally ended up plastering her with his massive load.