Gorgeous pale babes are always a pleasure to look at. This one is especially sexy as she starts showing us her nude body and gets into the bath. After she starts filling it up, her pussy accidentally touches the water flow from the tap, and she feels a tingle that she cannot resist. Cute naked girl gets her pussy right under the stream for stimulation and starts enjoying herself while her bath is getting filled up. Her pleasure won’t last for long in this solo masturbation session as she gets interrupted by the most gorgeous ebony chick. Her friend reminds her of her upcoming wedding. The girl is having second thoughts as she realizes that the person she’s in love with is not her wife to be but her long-time best friend! The beautiful ebony chick gets in the bath. The pale girl starts licking on those beautiful dark titties. The black babe got in the bath with her dress on but she doesn’t care at all. The dark babe goes down on the white girl and starts licking her pink pussy and her tiny clit. Naked girl is moaning softly from pleasure as she comes, bucking her hips up and grinding her pussy into her friend’s face. She can’t contol herself anymore. She wants that black pussy! She puts her face between her legs, her friend’s hands gently guide her face to her privacy, to her black pussy. She starts licking her pussy eagerly. She is sucking her clit and lapping like a cat at milk. There’s no stopping her, and so she goes in all the way. Together the naked girls even do some rimming, and finally, they get to some scissoring action. Since they’re in a half-filled bathtub, there’s a lot of water splashing and that kind of action as they are grinding against each other’s hot wet pussy. They can’t seem to stop themselves from doing this kind of stuff and the more they do it, the more intense it gets. Water splashes all across the bathroom and the two teen lesbians are left panting and moaning as they try to go faster and faster in an effort to reach climax. After a while, it seems that they are going to get it, and finally they do. They orgasm so fucking hard that they have to rest in the bathtub for a few short minutes just to catch their breath. 