The world is full of evil people, and porn is not afraid to show that. Here we have two sisters and they look so similar. Krista vents about a run of bad luck that she’s been having, her credit card has been stolen, her social media accounts have been hacked. She doesn’t notice, but a hint of a smile plays on her sister’s lips, but it vanishes almost immediately. But there is good news, she tells her sister all about her crush. When Krista leaves the room, Kim takes her phone and pretends to be her, changing the meeting time between Krista and Rose. She then deletes the messages. The next day, Kim cuts her hair and puts colored contacts in her eyes, looking at herself in the mirror. She now looks exactly like her sister, Krista! Setting her plan into motion, ‘Krista’ shows up for her date with her sister crush! It doesn’t take long for things to get heated, as ‘Krista’ leans over to kiss her for the first time. The girl nervous about going too far on a first date, pulls away shyly. That’s when she begins the next phase of her plan, using Rose’s insecurities to manipulate her into agreeing to sex. Luckily, the sister also went through all the messages, so she knows precisely the romantic things that these two discussed. She uses them to seduce this brunette babe completely. Eventually, she manages to take her shirt and bra off. Her tits are driving me crazy. With a few cheap compliments, she moves forward to sucking her amazing tits while telling her how gorgeous she truly is. Because of that, her sister’s crush is now relaxed, and lets her pull off her panties. Kim laps gently at her engorged lips, gently kissing her wet pussy and licking up the juice flowing from her hole. She twists her all over the bed while she is sucking on her pussy, and she certainly knows how to eat pussy.   She is awesome taking control of Rose and the sex which would be exactly what would happen if you were fucking someone else’s babe to get revenge, especially before the other person had, had a chance to fuck her. Cute naked girls gets on all fours and Kim’s tongue immediately starts sliding up and down her ass crack, licking around her asshole and plunging deep inside her pussy frm behind. You can really see how soft and juicy that cunt really is. Now, the brunette babe is so horny that she reverses the roles. Now her nose is buried in pussy. Her legs spread wide as her date’s fingers caress the entrance, her clit. The girl runs her tongue around her labia. The redhead murmurs, rubbing her pussy against her face. With her tongue flicking madly, and her fingers plunging in and our of her cunt, it doesn’t take long for her to cum. Pretty soon, this whole action just becomes even more passionate, with two young naked girls working hard to satisfy each other. Soon their legs are intertwined so that they are pussy-to-pussy in a scissors sort of position. The girls start rocking back and forth against one another, their smooth pussy mounds are grinding against one another. Their clits are rubbing against each other with the occasional smack when their wet pussies kiss. Eventually, the lesbians both cum very hard. Their sex action is passionate, full of incredible things, and it is unforgettable for both of them. The sister may be evil, and that’s a fact. But, still, how can you blame her when she does an excellent job?! She’s pleased this babe as no one else could, and even if she found out the truth, she’s completely hooked now.