This busty babe knows that she needs to take school more seriously. Her grades have been flunking really hard and if she keeps this up, she will have a really hard time passing in many classes. Luckily, this school girl has amazing big tits that all the guys and maybe even the girls stare at and want. That’s why she’s in the habit of making nude selfie videos in the girls bathroom to trade to her teacher’s assistants for test results. The final exam is tomorrow this is why she invites the nerd over to her place. You might think that she is going to try to get him to help her with studying, but she has something else in mind. Blonde bimbo has huge tits and she’s known in class for them. She tells him she will let him play with her big tits if he does her homework and does her tests as well. The dude is super brainy, so this stuff isn’t really hard for him at all. Busty schoolgirl pulls out her amazing boobs and they’re absolutely massive. Then she gets up and goes to her wardrobe to slip into something more comfortable. There are all kinds of lingerie outfits in her wardrobe that seem to be more than sexy enough for the nerd, and the teen babe puts on this sexy black lingerie set for him. It has a very practical button at the bottom which reveals the pussy. She lies down on her back and the dude goes down on her pussy to get her pussy wet. He licks her pussy so well, that the babe is absolutely stunned that he even knows how to do these things. After that, she feels obliged to suck him off like a pro. She was initially just going to let him play with her tits, but she just had to suck his dick now. When she went down on him she was stunned.   The dude has a horse cock and she definitely wasn’t expecting that. She could barely fit half of it in her little mouth and she was gagging and moaning as she struggled to suck his hard cock. She stroked him, banging his cockhead against her tits and her nipples. After the blowjob, it was time for him to fuck her and he got to business without a moment to waste. The naked girl quickly straddled him, squatting she guided his cock into her hot pussy. Once it was entirely inside her busty babe began bouncing up and down on it with a steady rhythm. Fuck, yeah! Raising her hips back up slowly she slammed her tight pussy onto his cock repeatedly at an easy pace. Her big tits with large areolas were bouncing in front of his face! She used her hands to hold her tits, licking her own nipples. He realized that he had to do it well so word goes out around school that he’s the best dude to have sex with so he gave it everything he’s got. He fucked her from every conceivable position, and the bitch enjoyed it so much that she forgot what she was letting him fuck her for in the first place and she even ended up orgasming. He thrust into her, pounding his cock deep into her aching pussy. Her pussy tightened, gripping his cock and sucking it deeper inside her. His cock jerked in her pussy, pumping thick strings of sperm inside her, filling her. Her body jerked with every spurt as she felt the hot, stinging, cum splashing into her womb. The nerd groaned as he emptied his balls into the sexiest girl in school.