Stunning-looking babe and a sloppy gamer are two roommates who just can’t get along. One morning he drank her almond milk and she got furious at him. When the two got into a heated argument, they triggered a curse that made them swap bodies overnight! The girl woke up in his body, and the guy woke up in her body! The girl was shocked when she saw that she had a penis between her legs. On the other hand, her roommate got a little excited when he saw what a hot babe he had become. He pulled up his T-shirt to see his tits. He squeezed them to see how it feels. At that moment, she walked into the room, although it was himself (how weird does this sound?). The girl in a guy’s body started yelling and asking her roommate to reverse the spell. However, there was nothing that could be done about that. What they could do, since they have already swapped their bodies, is to have sex with each other. She wanted to know how it feels to have sex, to have the dick sucked, to penetrate a pussy and to shoot a load of hot cum! Would you try to have sex if you were in a female body? Watch these two learn the innerworkings of being the opposite sex, seeing themselves from a hot new perspective. The girl pulled down his pants and took the dick in her hand. She started stroking it. Since it was a girl in a guy’s body, she was surprised how good it feels. However, she was yet to feel the real experience when her roommate in her body started giving her a blowjob. After that, the guy put her on a bed and started licking her pussy and her ass from behind. He/She liked it a lot. Since she was a guy this morning, she knew exactly how to lick something that used to be her pussy. The girl in a male body lay on the guy in a female body, her own body and stuck his/her cock inside her/him! Now she can feel what all guys feel when they insert their cocks in a pussy, and she liked that feeling.   She started slow, enjoying the feeling of her cock being squeezed by the pussy, pulling almost all of it out before slowly re-entering. On the other hand he felt something hot and hard and big pushed inside of his body, something that used to be his dick! It seems somehow gay and weird but he couldn’t help enjoying the feeling of his pussy being filled and the feel of the hard cock throbbing inside. She/He began to fuck him/her. It was so weird for both of them, and because of the body swap, it looked like they had sex for the very first time. After she got fucked in pussy, she opened her mouth to receive the cock in it again. She was fucking her own face and made him gag on his own dick. Now he could feel how it’s like to be manhandled and face fucked. On the other hand, she was excited too, because never before she had the opportunity to be a man during sex. However he also wanted to take the lead. He got his female body on top of her until the head of her cock, that used to be his own cock, was inside of his pussy then slammed himself down hard and squeezed it so hard inside his vagina. ‘Do you feel it? … my tight pussy squeezing your cock? … Now I’m fucking you’ He began to bounce up and down furiously on the cock. The big boobs that now belonged to him were bouncing up and down, plus now he had a clit and that swollen little thing was stimulated beyond belief. Now it was clear why women like being on top during sex. He grabbed his boobs and savored the pleasure. They were fucking each other roughly and hard, and, after a few minutes, they both came at the same time. That is when the magic stopped, and they came back to who they were before the spell happened.