These two crazy whores are always in search of a well-hung man willing to have some fun with them. They’ve always been close, so sharing men is something that comes naturally. It’s Friday night, and it’s going to be another wild adventure for the sluts. They met this good looking guy in the arcade, and when they figured out that he was alright, they had to take him to their car and give him a blowjob. Of course, this was only the beginning, but there is no need to hurry as the night is long. The girls take him home, and even before they get naked, that shaft is back again in their hands and mouths. One blonde even wraps those beauties around his cock and sucks it while she fucks it with her big tits. As one of them is busy deepthroating, the other slut is filming the action. “What nasty sluts, what dirty young whores. Suck me off, hurry!” They always dreamed of becoming porn stars, and this video might get viral. That is the reason why they have to perform to the best of their abilities. As one blonde is penetrated doggy style, the other one is here to slap her behind while waiting for her turn. Her pussy is already dripping wet as she watches her best friend getting impaled. This is not their first threesome, but it’s always so exciting. Meeting a new dick always makes things different, and this one is not only fat but also long, so it’s hard to fit it all in their pussies. It takes a lot of energy to satisfy such nymphos, but this guy is handling them well.   While banging one whore, he fingers her crazy friend while making her cum. The best part cums when both of the naked girls are on top of him so that he drills them cowgirl and reverse cowgirl style. While they are in the doggy style and kissing, that massive shaft is impaling them, before the same continues missionary. Both of these sluts already came more than a few times, but that is not enough. Even as they are all sweaty, they demand more of him. Many guys before run scared after they have figured that they need an army of men to satisfy them, so finding a stud like him is not an easy task. If he does well to the end, there is no doubt that they will want to have him back. He is close to gaining the title of their official fuck buddy, and that is a huge responsibility. Only someone in top shape could invade their hungry pussies for so long and continue doing it until both of them are satisfied. As his shaft is hammering a tattooed blonde, he can watch her eating her busty girlfriend’s pussy, and at that moment, he knows that the end is near. As he pulls out his dick, they are quick to get on their knees and welcome his cum shower on their faces. Like good whores, they lick it all and kiss for goodbye. Everybody know them as the biggest sluts, but that is a title they are wearing like a crown!