A guy and a girl were alone in a science lab at school. For both of them, this is their last year at high school, so they want to use the most of it. They went to a science lab so she could give him a blowjob. The girl kneeled in front of him and sucked his cock until he came. At the same time, right before he was about to cum, a hall monitor opened the door of the lab and saw what was going on. She saw that a few drops of cum fell into that girl’s eye. There was not an emergency eye wash kit but she told her not to worry, cause she has a solution for her. She told her to kneel and said a guy to rub her pussy. Suddenly she started to squirt all over the girl’s face! She claimed that the poor girl must have some female secret in her eye, too, so that she doesn’t get an infection. The girl who gave a blowjob walked out furiously. The hall monitor decided to stay and show that guy who is the real naughty girl in this school. Sexy teen girl lay on her back right on the teacher’s desk with her knees high in the air and her legs wide apart. The dudr got the message and stabbed her asshole with his tongue! He was rimming her asshole with his tongue before penetrating her ass with his cock. The girl spread her ass as wide as possible with both hands and with a single plunge he drove his big cockhead into her asshole! He slammed his cock into her asshole, giving it to her good and deep. The girl screamed. He continued fucking her ass with his fingers, each time making her pussy squirt from the intensity. She screamed and begged me for more. Her asshole was gaped wider than she had thought possible. She was being fisted, pounded, slammed like an anal whore, and she loved it. She had one squirting orgasm after another. His girlfriend had broken up with him but the college hall monitor was making all his most perverted sexual fantasies come true. Face down and ass up like a good bitch, she happily took it up the ass. Naked girl sat on his dick with her gorgeous ass hole and banged her so rough. He spanked her naughty ass and fucked her butt hole like crazy. After an hour of hardcore anal pounding, he pulled his cock out of her now gaping asshole and came all over her face. She swallowed as much as she could. 