When you’re as rich and successful as this dude, you don’t have to go to those shitty strip clubs in barren alleyways where you had a good chance of getting stabbed. Instead, you can go to private striptease shows which are held in apartment complexes where you are introduced to the most beautiful women ever. You get to be the only one watching her and she will even show you a lot more than you bargained for if you let her. This guy decided to see the stripper called Autumn. If you’re wondering why he picked her, you’re going to realize when she comes down from the staircase. She is a beautiful young woman with a flawless body, a perfect ass and amazing all natural tits. Her lingerie has a very exclusive look to it and the babe just knows that she is eye candy when she wears that shit. She dances for him and moves her hips, but soon enough she’s taking out her tits and playing with them in front of him. One more thing that you need to know about these private sessions is that the dancers and strippers have the ability to ask the clients whether they want to take things upstairs. He pays extra and goes up to the bedroom with her. Slowly, the sexy babe begins to shift and gyrate, rubbing her gorgeous ass across his lap and deep into his groin. She bounces up and down gently. He moves his hands to her boobs and starts squeezing them. Immediately, he attaches his lips to her tits and sucks them, marveling at how large and full they are! She slowly crawls to the middle of the bed on all fours and sticks her ass up in the air for him. The man starts licking her pussy and getting her ass all up in his face. She instantly starts to buck, grinding her pussy onto his mouth. GOD! It tastes soooooo fuckin’ good! He is sucking and licking faster on her pussy, driving his mouth harder into her vagina, sucking heavily on her clit and pussy lips. Now it’s time to show her dick sucking skills and they are outstanding. Sexy babe sucks him off so well that he wants to cum right then and there. Instead, he keeps his composure. He sticks it in her and starts fucking her hard from behind. The babe can’t seem to stop moaning and begging for more. At this point, she doesn’t even care about the money, she just wants this successful bearded hunk inside of her, fucking her like a little common whore.   The dude doesn’t hold back and he gives her everything he’s got. The babe seems to really know how to make the fuck fest better by constantly switching the different positions. They go at it from behind, from the front, and even from below as she rides him like a slutty little cowgirl. Her massive tits are now sliding against his chest as she rides him hard. He places his hands on her meaty huge tits, he fondles them, feeling her hard nipples while her pussy continues to slide up and down his throbbing shaft. Harder, faster, hot girl moves her hips up and down on him, allowing his cock to move it’s full length, in and out of her! Hot naked girl wraps her soft boobs around his rock hard prick and massages him with them. It is pure Heaven! Her body shivers and spasms as her sweet pussy gushing! Her massive tits keep bouncing in every direction, it’s an incredible sight. The harder he fucks her, the more she enjoys it. After you see the treatment this dude gets, you’re going to be wondering where the heck you could get something similar. Maybe it’s better that you just stick to watching this dude destroying the babe’s pussy rather than searching for a needle in a haystack trying to find and fuck suck a perfect stripper babe.