I came home to a peculiar message in front of my door, saying how I was supposed to go on an Easter egg hunt in order to receive a surprise. I went to the backyard, collecting those along the way, and bumped into a friend of mine who had the surprise ready. As it turned out, there were two breathtaking, petite hotties in bunny outfits patiently waiting to pounce on me. The girls were already on their knees when I approached them, so they just pulled my pants down and released my monster boner. I was already throbbing for them, so the girls immediately started playing with it. First, the brunette teased me with a gentle handjob, jerking the shaft back and forth, while the petite blonde sucked on my tip. Her tiny mouth could barely wrap around my thick shaft, so the brunette took over. She slobbered on it for a bit, making it wet and slippery before giving the inexperienced blonde another try. The blonde was bent on doing her best, so she took in as much as possible. Half my length was more than enough to have her choking. That’s when her girlfriend decided to show her how it’s done. She took me all the way down her throat and sucked me off with passion while the tiny blonde stroked the shaft and fondled my balls. Such extended and playful oral foreplay served as just a warm-up session because I couldn’t wait to fuck their little pussies. The blonde was the first one to bend over, hungry for a proper dicking. I grabbed her cute little ass firmly and impaled that aching pussy on my massive dong. She was so tight. Her friend was there to help, spreading her ass cheeks for me. The girl had the tightest pussy that I had ever entered. It was absolutely wonderful to be in that tight young cunt. I grabbed her around the hips and thrust hard into the tightness.   The other chick was patiently waiting for her turn right next to us before bending over as well and inviting me to finger her pink cherry. She couldn’t wait to try my big dick too. She was so wet, I slid all the way in her pussy. As I kept pounding her, she moved in rhythm, trying to take me as deep as possible. I was in heaven fucking both of these young hotties at the same time in a steamy, outdoor threesome. Girls stripped completely nude and turned on their backs. Two young naked girls were now facing me with those slim legs spread wide as I started slowly stretching this skinny cutie’s dripping cherry. She was so tiny I could barely fit half my size inside of her but, as time went on, I kept going deeper listening to her moans while fingering the pale brunette. From that point forward, there was no stopping us. Both girls ended up wholly relaxed, freely taking turns on my fat schlong. When the brunette held his cock in an upright position, the blonde climbed me and lowered herself onto it, impaling her little pussy onto my prick. The pussy fit tight like a glove. I just hoped it didn’t break. My cock was so big for her little pussy. Her little hole was stretched to its utmost limit. Naked girls got on top of me, one of them sat on my face and the other little slut inserted me inside her and rode me furiously. Both chicks came multiple times, screaming in pleasure and always coming back for more until I reached my limits and shot loads of sticky jizz all over them.