Hotel waitress has an extraordinary duty today. In Room Service she is an in-room dining waitress in an upscale hotel which is popular among celebrities. When she finds out that the world’s most famous soccer player, is staying in the hotel she can’t wait to see him in person. He is not only the top goalscorer but she also always had a crush on him. It’s no wonder that she feels so nervous around him. She even told him that she is a big fan, and he has no problem kissing her for her Instagram picture. But as they do it, suddenly she has the courage to get down on her knees quickly and begins to suck his shaft! Her tactics seem to work correctly, as he is caught off guard while his dick is already in her mouth. When he finally realizes what is going on, he is so horny that there is no way to stop now. Her all-time crush’s cock is in her mouth and she enjoys it as much as possible. Sliding her wet lips up and down the shaft, letting him bump the back of her throat with each downward stroke. She licks his balls and runs her tongue all over his cockhead lapping at it. She smiles with his cock in her mouth, looking at him with eyes full of excitement. She can suck his cock all day long if he lets her. Holding the shaft with one hand her tongue moves down to caress the underside of his scrotum. As the offensive player, he knows when it’s time to attack, as he lifts the sexy young waitress up and shoves his cock inside of her pussy. He can feel the wetness between as his stiff manhood slips between her moist lips. Wrapping his arm around her waist, he pulls her up, impaling her onto his cock even more, feeling her tight pussy squeezing around his cock.   After fucking the hotel waitress in standing position he moves to the bedroom, throwing her on the bed and banging her missionary style. Her legs are spread almost painfully apart, his cock continuing to slam into her. The girl desperately clenches the bed sheets with both hands. He slides it all the way in, balls deep into her cunt, and then goes out, in and out, in and out. Her poor little pussy is now red and swollen. Then he pulls out of her cunt and begins to eat her out. His tongue swirls around her labia, lips sucking her clit so hard, alternating sucking and licking. Then he swiftly thrusts his cock into her throbbing pussy again. The young waitress can’t believe how big he is, as now she is even more impressed. For her, he is the perfect man, the one who gives her the best orgasm she ever had. He likes her, too, finally removing her uniform before inviting her to ride him. She loves brutal sex, so when on top of him while he is pulling out her hair, the brunette is cumming like crazy, as her whole body shakes. Tears slipping from her eyes as he begins quick hard thrusts, slamming into her, his hand holding her head firmly, using it as leverage to pull her back, impaling her onto his length. He is fucking her from behind, hard, holding her in place so she has no choice but to take it. His big balls rapidly slapping her clit. Whatever he wanted, he could do to her, and even for a player of his caliber, it’s not easy finding a girl who can handle all his moves. But this one is special, passionate, and always wants more. After his semen covers her tits, she takes that shaft in her mouth to clean him up and taste it, completing the perfect room service.