These guys were driving around town when they catch sight of a girl in an adorable little schoolgirl outfit walking down the street completely alone, skipping classes. Actually they just wanted directions from her at first, but now things are getting a bit interesting. She walks up to the car and she looks like the cutest geeky babe ever. However, under that facade of innocence, she’s hiding a real freak. She tells them that she she is a “cumslut”!!! Well, they are going to need proof, and the girl is more than happy to give it to him. The babe is a bit hesitant at first since they’re out in public, but she ends up showing off the tits anyway. She shakes them around and shows off the tattoo between the tits, all while wearing the cutest geeky glasses ever. Imagine a schoolgirl exposing her ass and her titties to some strangers, willing to be manhandled! She says she loves getting fucked and getting filled with hot white spunk too. The cumslut wants it, if only the dudes allow her to get in the car with them. They don’t even think twice about it and let her inside immediately. She gets in and takes a seat only to pull off her panties and show off her teen pussy. After that, the dude whips out his cock and the babe goes to the front through the seats. She has been dreaming about cock all day in school, and she wasn’t about to pass up this opportunity to get it. The horny schoolgirl slowly begins stroking his huge cock with her small hands then starts sucking on that thick cock like it is her day job. She doesn’t even take the time to take off her backpack. The teen just goes down on it and chows it down like she is a professional pornstar. Let’s face it, she is typical of the teenage girls of today.   Probably at school everyone knows her as the biggest slut, but that is a title she is wearing like a crown. Not taking her home and fuck her little pussy, use her holes, her mouth and cum all over her pretty face would be the biggest mistake of your life. His friend is happy to just watch the action happen, so he just stands by the side of the bed and films it all. The schoolgirl pulls her plaid skirt up around her waist and spreads her legs. Her young pussy is pulsating, begging for his cock, ready to receive it. She circles her vulva with her fingers, spreading her juices all over her pussy. Naked girl stands over him and lowers her pussy onto his cock. It goes in easily since she is so wet. The dude holds her petite body with both hands and starts fucking her like an animal with his huge cock. She gets her pussy destroyed as the dude goes at it like a savage from every angle. That means from behind, from below, from the front, and every other conceivable sex position that’s imaginable. It all go down with this cumslut. He even laughs while using her hole to pleasure himself. With a strong suction a school slut has his cock in her mouth, all of it, right down to his balls. He is fucking her really hard, pistoning in and out of her teen pussy with wild abandon. “Aahhhhh fuckkkk yesss I’m your cumslut, fuck me harder!” Long, hard, deep strokes, he is pulling all the way out to the tip, then slamming the entire ten inch length back in her tiny body. He is the first man of the day to load her pussy with sperm.