The girls are sultry stepsisters who share everything. Whenever something exciting happens, they cannot wait to tell each other about it! So when onw of the sisters loses her virginity, she gives the other onw all the deets. Her sister is jealous, but she knows just how to make her feel better. She calls the guy and says that her sister wants to pop her inexperienced pussy for him too. The girls first lets him to play with her boobs. She is just 18 but her tits are big and juicy. Nobody has ever licked her tits before and her nipples are so sensitive. Nobody has ever licked her pussy either, it is wonderful and the dude knows what he is doing. Probably he has seen a lot of porn. He opens his mouth slowly moving his tongue up and down her glistening pink slit surrounded by small pussy lips. The feeling is amazing. Of course the girl has played with her pussy before but she has never felt anything like this. Then her sister and her friend make her stand up and keeps licking her holes from both sides! She seems to need no time to get used the feeling of having her pussy and asshole eaten at the same time. He then presses into her, squeezing between her wet pussy lips, splitting open her virgin pussy and popping her cherry with his cock. She can feel something hard and hot inside her pussy, she feels it throb as he moves his hips slightly. Her virgin pussy is so sensitive and tight. It is her first sex so it is pain but excitement also. She has been fantasizing about her first time for a long time and now a cock is balls deep in her warm, tight pussy. The guy knows that he is in for a difficult task, as these girls need a lot to be satisfied. Luckily, they are helping him, as while he fucks one of them, the other is here to play with her tits or pussy. The sisters are not even fully undressed as one of them is already banged while standing, while her stepsister is encouraging her to continue. Her tight snatch is invaded deep as she moans while enjoying every moment. Her sister is there to kiss her and make her feel comfortable. The action continues as the virgin is impaled missionary style. That boner is enormous, and it drills her so deep, but she can take it even harder. Now it’s finally time for her sister to grab that shaft and put it in her meat hole as she rides it cowgirl style. At the same time, the other babe is next to them while spreading her legs and stimulating her pussy using her fingers. When it’s her turn to ride it, she does it reverse cowgirl style, letting her stepsister watching her ass bouncing. Minutes later, the girls are both back to sucking as they taste their pussy juices. Now on top of each other, they let him fuck their slits one at a time. Finally, he coats their ex virgin pussies in sticky cum. 