This little brat is home from college, bored shitless, with nothing to do all day. And her mommy has her new boyfriend around. And while she is preparing for fun times, her boyfriend whipped his dick out. The annoying teen brat caught a glimpse of it, and she was instantly hooked. She was ready to do anything just to taste it and have fun with it. So, she turned her music on, and very loudly at that. When her mommy came to check what the fuck was happening, she locked her in the room! Now, she could safely fuck her mom’s temporary boyfreind without any issues. When she came in, though, he was blindfolded. So, she started sucking on his dick without him knowing who was doing it. Or better yet, he presumed it was his MILF girlfriend. But this teen babe was so much better than her because she lived for big cocks. She sucked that cock like a slut, and she was admiring the size of it. Her eyes were crossing, and she licked it and swallowed it. She paid attention to that cock, and she served it like no one else ever could. You could see the lust and fascination in her eyes. But, when the teen managed to utter a few words, the boyfriend found it suspicious. So, he took his blindfold off, only to realize that the ‘wrong’ person is sucking him off. Her girlfriend’s slutty daughter ups the ante by eagerly offering him her pussy and, of course, he can’t resist. He took his giant dick and began rubbing it along her oozing slit, the tip bumping against her, pushing her folds apart. Her pussy was dripping with excitement. Teen wanted his dick so bad that she was about to go crazy. She thrashed her hips, frantically trying to position the head of his cock properly to slip inside her.   And while the blonde teen babe was already becoming a submissive whore, he slid his dick inside of her. His throbbing dick felt so hot inside her pussy. It was hard and hot and throbbing. He started to pound her like a hoe that she is. He rammed that huge cock inside, and he roughly filled that pussy. You could see that the teen was enjoying it because her eyes were rolling, and her mind was going blank. But the most fun was yet to come! He teased her asshole with the cockhead for a moment, rubbing his lubed appendage against her sensitive hole, before pressing it in! He watched as her tight anus stretched and widened around the thickness of his cock. She screeched loudly as his dick forced her anal hole wider and wider. Her asshole stretched beyond belief for such a tiny girl. Suddenly the girl began to squirt, her pussy squirted high in the air, some streams were reaching her own face. He pushed deeper into her ass, making her pussy squirt more. The dude once again flipped her over and stuffed her in the doggy style. He was destroying her asshole but neither of them cared. He just kept fucking her little ass hard and deep. The teen slut loved it, and her ass looked absolutely magnificent when it was full like this. That cock was just tearing it apart. He fucked her asshole until she couldn’t take it anymore and squirted like mad. Naked girl mounted him and rode his giant prick with her ass. When she couldn’t ride it anymore, she fell on the bed. Her asshole was stretched wide open but she didn’t want to stop. So, he fucked her in missionary until they both had fantastic orgasms, and that was it. 