A busty blonde teen with nerdy glasses had already turned eighteen but still didn’t know how to wash properly. Luckily, her bombastic new stepmom was more than happy to help out. Girls headed to the bathroom and got busy. What started off as a helpful instruction quickly turned into steamy action between two horny ladies. Both beauties have great bodies : nice tits, nice ass, cute face. Twi naked blondes were caressing and rubbing each other and getting really into it. At one point, the stepdaughter’s boyfriend walked by the door and saw them in the middle of it. Loving what he sees, he pulled his phone out and started recording. The MILF turned around and accidentally caught him, but the proposed something even more erotic. Knowing how the young couple was sexually active, she wanted to teach them a thing or two and have fun in the process. Mom first helped her teen daughter learn how to give better head. While the young blonde was sucking her boyfriend off, her stepmom held her head and pushed her back and forth, giving her tips while enjoying the view. The action continued in the bedroom. His girlfriend’s tits were so enormous. He dated her because she had amazing big tits but will he be able to handle two busty girls at once? Don’t you want to shoot cum all over two pairs of big tits? Teen laid on her back, her boyfriend entered her dripping wet pussy from the front, and the naked woman stood behind him, forcing his hips forward and making him ravage her stepdaughter balls deep. However, stepmom was not satisfied with just watching, so the girls eventually switched places. Now she was the one on her back, taking a hardcore pounding while teen made out with her, squeezed her tits, and rubbed her clit. From there on out, there was no stopping these three. They kept switching up and changing positions, eager to enjoy each other in every way possible. Both babes came screaming multiple times before they finally pushed the guy to the limits and ended up covered in jizz. The girls are not only step-relative now, but also fuck friends for life! 