Young babe was always the one making troubles and is continually going against the rules in her dorm. When a local nerdy inspector pays her a visit and finds out that she is using weed, he promises that he will report her, which will get her expelled. Still, this teen bitch feels confident that he won’t do it as she offers him her pussy. Of course, this nerd will never have a chance to fuck such a hot babe, but he is left stunned at the moment. That is why she decided to take the initiative, making him drop his pants before giving him an intense blowjob! The babe is pleasantly surprised, as this nerd has one of the gigantic shafts she has ever seen. As tens of boys had their cocks in her throat so far, that must be a compliment. What she has to do next is to make him more relaxed, and luckily, her blowjob performance helps a lot. She even goes a step further by licking his balls and deepthroating him until he is rock hard. Then this teen whore leans on all fours and pulls her pink panties to the side exposing her pussy and asshole to him. This is an offer he can’t refuse. The virgin boy has never seen a pussy and he falls to his knees and buries his face between her ass cheeks, kissing her pusys lips, licking her wet slit and sucking her clit. Either he has seen a lot of porn or it’s a natural talent, but he is so good at it. That boner still hasn’t been in her meat hole, and the girl is already cumming for the first time. Will this be one of her best sex experiences so far? The brunette is eager to find the answer to that question. He presses the head of his big dick against her glistening pussy lips which almost open automatically, spreading themselves instinctually for him.   The hood of the helmet pops through the entrance, her wet vagina expanding as the knob eases itself inside, adjusting itself to the size and shape of his member. He lets it rest there for a moment, before taking a breath and then ramming every last inch of himself into her with one fell thrust. She screams out her pleasure, begs him to fuck her harder. Yes, finally his virgin fantasy has become a reality. The nerdy inspector isn’t afraid anymore, judging by the fact that he impales her snatch roughly. That is his way of punishing her, but even though she screams, she also enjoys it a lot. When it hurts, it feels the best, and soon her pussy is so dripping wet that he can go balls deep. What runs through her head is that this is much better than she ever hoped for. As the nerd is nailing her shaved pussy missionary style, she is spreading her pussy lips and playing with her clit. That combination is what makes her cum multiple times while he continues fucking her. By now, they look like a perfect match, as they both love it rough and are willing to try everything. No one has made her cum so many times, and yet, she wants more. While riding him cowgirl style, the young babe is controlling the pace until he takes charge once again, driving her to her limits. What follows is tons of his semen on her pretty face, before she decides to suck that schlong for a bit, tasting her juice and proving how dirty slut she is!