Five girls got together one time to spend the whole weekend in a luxurious villa. In this experimental project they took the most beautiful young girls and placed them in a model house with nothing but a film crew, security cameras, and a few loose guidelines. They were not allowed to come out, nor anybody else was allowed to come in and visit them. What all of these babes have in common is that they look gorgeous, they all shoot porn and they are all between 18 and 22. They were all very excited to do this, and, from the very beginning, they started getting to know each other and having fun. They talked, cooked, drank, but that was all just an introduction for the wet lesbian orgy party they had under the shower. Three naked girls were already there when the remaining two, running naked through the house, came to join them. These five nude babes got so horny with each other that every one of them did everything to each one of them. Sounds crazy? That’s because it is. Can you imagine a scene in which five gorgeous, naked girls lick each other’s pussies, asses, feet, tits, etc., while the hot water drools over their wet young bodies? The girls took turns licking their pussies and assholes. Occasionally, some of them had to pee, but that was just a moment that they all hardly waited. The girls played a game in which, whenever some of them has to piss, she needs to pick a girl in whose mouth she will do it.   The girls were having so much fun that at neither point they missed a cock, nor even a dildo or a vibrator. All they needed was each other and their filthy imagination. Finally, they decided that they all want to squirt at the same time. To do that, the naked girls lay on the shower floor in a circle, and each of them rubbed the pussy of the girl to her right. As they were playing like that, slowly, they all reached the point in which orgasm was inevitable. After the naked lesbains all squirted, they spread their legs and pushed their pussies to each other. Their wet pussies touched and they began grinding their bald pussies against each other.  They moaned loudly as they writhed in the water, closing their eyes and enjoying the sensations. All the girls orgasmed together. They kept lying naked on the floor, and they gently touched each other with their beautiful wet feet. They all had sex so many times, but the experience which they had together that day was something priceless. Watch this premier episode of this miniseries and don’t miss upcoming episodes with new girls. They will arrive at the house to finish off the seven girl cast.