The young man is feeling so nervous as he is invited to his girlfriend’s parents house. It turns out that his girlfriend has been mercilessly pranking him lately and she has no intention of stopping while at her mom’s home. Her pranks make him feel uncomfortable, but today everything turned into a nightmare! After staring at her mom’s body he hurried to the bathroom to calm down, you know what I’m talking about. As he was going to jerk off in the bathroom, he tried to use liquid soap as a lube for his dick. The problem was, his crazy girlfriend switched it for glue! Now he didn’t know what to do, as he was with his pants down while holding his shaft in one hand. To make things worse, his girlfriend’s mom ran into the bathroom and saw him while he accidentally grabbed her breast. This MILF knew that this is all her daughter’s idea, as they were both mad about it. Using a mix of water, soap and willpower, the mom finally separated his hands from her chest. Being so sweaty, mature had to take off her shirt, revealing her big fake tits. Now it was time to make his dick free, and minutes later, she managed to do it. While doing it, she was fascinated by the size of his member, which was rock hard. Finally his girlfriend’s mom had time to take a closer look at the thing between his legs. Her eyes lit up and her mouth opened. Her tight body began to vibrate with need. She yearned for a hard, young cock. It had been so long since she had a cock in her that stayed hard until she had her orgasm she had forgotten how good it felt. It was wrong to be excited about his girlfriend’s mom, but with her tits in front of him, it’s impossible to control. On her knees and with that young dick in front of her, this cougar couldn’t help but think how lucky her daughter to have that shaft every day and play with it. That is why she had to use this opportunity.   MILF was enjoying the taste of his shaft, fucking it with he rmouth, swallowing it to the base, sucking on his balls and licking them like a crazy slut. She was much better at cock sucking than any other girl he was with in the past, including his girlfriend. Plus, her mom was letting him fuck her big tits and was enjoying it. That is what he needed, a mature babe with loads of experience that will teach him a lesson or two and bring his confidence to a higher level. They have no idea where she is at the moment, but the joke is on her. If she ever saw them fuck, that would drive her insane. She would even be jealous, as it’s evident that her mom is doing a much better job than she could ever do. She could see that his whole rod is balls deep inside of her snatch and that MILF is handling it fine. As the beautiful naked woman was on top of him reverse cowgirl style, she was playing with her clit, making her orgasms even more potent. A smile on her face was telling how much fun was she having. It’s like she is back in college where every night, a different student was banging her brains out. He kept hammering her away, his balls slapping into her wer cunt. It was one of the most passionate sex this MILF had ever experienced. Her biggest wish was for him to cum inside her mouth, as she loved the taste of his semen, to the point that she swallowed it all in the end.