The tiny blonde schoolgirl wasn’t much of a good student, but she knew the best and easiest way to get high grades. She was already in a position for the teacher. Bent over on his desk, sexy blonde teen patiently waited. Ready to try out one of these young pussies he lifted that cute little skirt and buried his face between her firm ass cheeks. He had spent all day thinking about all those horny teenagers, their wet little holes. The blonde cutie softly moaned in pleasure as he ate both of her tight holes out and slobbered all over them. Having gotten her all wet and horny, he picked her up and started gently undressing her from behind. Her perky tits flashed as he started fondling them and rubbing her snatch through that skirt. All of that was more than enough for this hottie to finally strip everything but her adorable sneakers and lay on the desk spreading her legs, enjoying long and sloppy pussy licking. All the girls in the class knew how much the old pervert likes to lick pussy but they also knew how much he likes when they suck his prick, giving him pleasure with their small mouths, hands and tongues. The teen babe knelt in front of the teacher, pulled his throbbing dong out, and started sucking it off with passion. With one hand vigorously stroking the shaft, she was swallowing more and more of it with every motion. Now and then, she’d place her luscious lips in his balls to lick and suck on them before returning back to giving him the best blowjob of his life. After breathtakingly long dick sucking, naked schoolgirl finally hopped on his rod in reverse cowgirl. He was rock hard, and she was so wet that she immediately slid her fat pussy all the way down. Just seconds later, she was bouncing on it like a slutty little schoolgirl that she was, moaning and screaming in pleasure. Her horny teacher kept pumping her with long in-out strokes. He would start with his head pulled out to her puffy pussy lips and finish with their pelvises grinding and his heavy balls slapping against her cute little ass. He was just picking up the pace and fucking her in various positions rigth there on his desk. Teenie came screaming multiple times before he finally covered her pretty little face in loads of sticky jizz. 