Young brunette is nervous after coming to the gynecologist’s office, even though it’s only a routine check. She lies on the table and spreads her legs. She doesn’t know this guy and doesn’t feel comfortable sharing her intimacy with him. Of course, he knows that, and that is why he is staying calm while checking her trimmed pussy. His magic fingers are exactly what the girl and her wet pussy ordered: a healthy dose of hardcore sex! Feeling relaxed while her pussy is fingered, this beauty is ready for a toy, before a doctor uses his tongue to lick her snatch finally. She is lying with spread legs in the medical chair and the doctor services her pussy with oral, running his tongue along each fold, soft and gentle, then tongue fucking her vagina quite bold. Brunette is taking the initiative as she shoves his cock inside her pussy missionary style. Medic is making things even better by playing with her clit as she releases her impressive tits. Banging in her doctor’s office wasn’t something that she planned, and that is why it’s so exciting. After starting slow, his massive shaft is now balls deep inside of her, and she is handling it well. It’s not like she doesn’t have loads of guys that are banging her every day, but doing it with an older man is different, and better. He knows how to please her, and no one fucked her so good doggy style before. The doctor is thrusting into her so fast and hard that the sound of their skin slapping together is quite loud in the office. Only later, she finally has that shaft in her mouth, tasting her pussy juices before she is on top of him. Riding him cowgirl style is the ultimate test as she controls the pace and handles it well. That huge boner is a perfect fit for her meat hole, and reverse cowgirl only confirms it. Naked babe is writhing on top of him and slamming herself hard down upon him, then grinding her pussy all over him. When it’s time to end their session, the long-haired brunette is quick to get down on her knees and not let a single drop escape her mouth as she swallows it all. 