A breathtaking brunette babe went to a clinic and created a clone of herself. After the procedure was over, there were two of her. Two tall, gorgeous babes with stunning, supple breasts and big, bubbly asses. Eager to make the most of it, the two managed to work things out and split responsibilities. Not only that, but both of them had immensely increased sexual appetite and wanted to be impaled on massive dicks all day long. As one remained home to take care of her man, the other went to work where she met with a colleague of hers who recommended the clinic. They started talking and things quickly escalated. At one point, the babe couldn’t hold it in anymore and just had to jump on him in the middle of the office. She didn’t care that she was going to mess up her tight and sexy, formal outfit. All she wanted was his throbbing schlong. A couple of wet kisses later, and she was already undoing his zipper and pulling that shaft out. Not wasting a second, she took it in her mouth and started swallowing the whole length. He played along and was soon grabbing and squeezing her firm ass while she blew the fuck out of him. Just when they were getting really into it, another lovely beauty barged into the office and caught them in the act.   She was this dazzling, curly blonde with a couple of subtle tattoos. Luckily for everyone, she loved what she saw. Looking at her colleague swallowing his fat rod, she slowly approached them, knelt down, and took his big balls in her wet mouth. He was now in heaven with two lavish babes giving him the best double blowjob ever. The girls took turns deepthroating his massive length and choking on it while slowly stripping and baring their perfect tits. When he stood up the sexy girls submissively remained on their knees, not giving up on sucking him off. Such incredible blowjob went on for quite a while with all of them getting hornier by the minute. The blonde bent over on the couch still in her sexy high heels, and her panties were around her thighs as the guy started ramming her aching snatch doggy style. The brunette laid in front of her with her legs spread, moaning in pleasure as the blonde ate her out. With a cock ramming her balls deep and her tongue inside another chick, she was in heaven. Then, they started switching things up. It was soon brunette’s turn to sit on a fat dong. She did it in reverse cowgirl, instantly impaling herself all the way down. The blonde was there to vigorously rub her clit and enhance the pleasure before it was her turn to be pounded again. From there on out, the naked girls went on to try every position imaginable and pleasure each other ever way before cumming multiple times.