A slim, young girl lives in a foster family. Her new parents are a couple who have been swingers for many years. However, unlike her foster parents, this girl doesn’t have such a strong personality, nor she is comfortable about her body and sex skills. Her foster parents noticed that, and one day, it all changed. They invited her to come and join them on the couch. Her new mom slowly unbuttoned her shirts and showed her gorgeous boobs. She leaned toward the girl and gave her a gentle French kiss. It was so exciting for everyone, and her husband already took the dick out of his pants. Very soon, the woman took off her shirt completely, while her foster daughter surprisingly looked at her. The slutty mom told her to kneel as she grabbed her hair. She said to her to open her mouth, and after the girl did, she pushed her head on her husband’s cock. The girl seemed like she hardly waited to try it. She was sucking it so well, like a naughty little girl. While she was doing it, her new mom took off her jeans. By the way, she is a MILF who looks fantastic. She has black hair, big, soft tits, beautiful nails on her hands and feet, and tattoos on her whole right arm and the top of her left thigh. She pushed her foster daughter’s plaid skirt up around her waist, pulled down her panties, spread wide her ass cheeks with both hands and started licking her pussy from the back while she was still sucking her dad’s dick. Mom soon took off her panties also and kept only her bra on, with her tits out of the baskets. She lay on her back, spread her legs, and let her foster daughter lick her shaved cunt. The girl enjoyed licking her mom’s pussy as much as she enjoyed sucking her dad’s cock. While she was doing it, her new dad inserted his cock in her pussy from behind and started banging her in the doggy style. She felt so accepted and pleased. After she got fucked good, she took off her skirt. Her mom lay in the middle of the couch and put her left leg up in the air, and her right leg aside, so her pussy could be wide open for her husband to fuck her.   At the same time, the teen girl sat on her face and let her lick her young shaved pussy. While he was fucking her, her husband was squeezing his wife’s big tits, which made her even hornier than she was. Finally, the naked girls began to suck his cock, kissing with the head of his quivering cock caught between their lips. Her new mom taught her how to suck and stroke her husband’s cock best. The girls had their mouths wrapped around the side of his dick on either side, and they moved their lips back and forth, opposite each other, caressing him with their lips. The daddy leaned back on the sofa and the mom told her to sit on his cock. Naked girl climbed on top of him and slid his cock into her pussy as he started bucking his hips. When she rode him, her mom told her she want her to squirt all over him! ‘I want you to squirt so hard that you spray all over your daddy!’ and she did as she had been told, a stream of fluid shot out of her young cunt. ‘Oh fuck yeah! you are a naughty little slut!’ daddy grunted ‘This is great!’ The young naked girl lay on her back, and her dad kept fucking her squirting pussy while her mom played with hers and her daughter’s pussy. They all came at the same time, the girl squirted and her dad came in her pussy. Throughout the United States, thousands of families are made whole each year. Warm, loving, and wholehearted gifts that some parents and the fosters dream of…What you don’t know is that many of these foster families have lots of secrets behind closed doors! Never before seen footage of the creepiest foster family living you’ll ever see.