A beautiful young girl came back home from college one weekend. She is a single child, and she grew up with her mom and her stepdad. When she came home, her mom got a call from work, saying that they have an emergency and that she needs to come quickly. Although she didn’t like it, she had to obey. On the other hand, her daughter didn’t care that much. She went to the kitchen to get some milk and cereals. It was summer, so she was barefoot, wearing nothing but a short blouse and shorts so short that half of her butt was falling out. She has a stunning body! While she was preparing the cereals, she was hopping and shaking her sexy ass and titties. At one point, she noticed her step dad staring at her. He told her that it’s inappropriate to stand naked in the kitchen. She said to him that she is not naked, but that she can be if he wants to, and then showed him her tits. He was shocked at first, but she persuaded him to touch them. As soon as he grabbed her boob, he knew that there was no way back. She told him that he is not her real dad and promised him that mom would never find out. She hardly waited to kneel in front of him and pull down his pants so she could see and suck his dick. As soon as she did it, his dick fell out all hard and ready. His slutty stepdaughter took it in her hand and started licking it like a lollipop, with a big smile on her face. She was sucking it so good as if she was trying to show her stepdad what she learned at college while she was gone. He then got fully naked and took off her shorts. She didn’t wear underwear at all.   She sat on a table and spread her legs so her stepdad could lick her hairy pussy while jerking his cock. They both enjoyed it so much, but not as much as when he stuck his dick in her and began fucking her. While he was banging her, he squeezed her soft tits, and she screamed so loud and put her beautiful foot on his shoulder, right next to his head. He had not had sex with a young girl for so long, her teen pussy felt so good. He was hammering away at her, pounding his cock into her as hard as he could. He turned her over and began licking her asshole. He stuck his tongue in as far as it would go. He gripped her waist with both hands and started to thrust in and out of that tight pussy. His slutty stepdaughter again kneeled in front of him and sucked his cock, tasting of her own pussy. She was jerking it in her mouth and sticking it whole in her throat. After she was finished with sucking, he sat on a chair, and the babe sat on his dick facing him. She started riding it like a cowgirl, and he spanked her naughty ass while she was doing it. He grunted and grabbed her big ass cheeks, spreading them wide. She felt his cock pumping and throbbing inside her as it filled her with cum! The girl came as his cock pumped inside her, shooting stream after stream of hot, thick cum into her waiting pussy. She ground her hips against him in an orgasm and drove her pussy as far down onto his spurting cock as she could and held it there as their orgasms ran their course. The mom entered the room and saw them, his cum was leaking out of her cunt. 