An adorable young Asian girl was both excited and extremely nervous to introduce her boyfriend to her conservative parents. They threw a dinner party just for four of them. To make a positive impression he brought some presents for her parents, but he also bought a little gift for his girlfriend. That gift was anal balls that go deep into the ass. At one moment, while her parents went to the kitchen to bring some more food, she was so horny that she forced her boyfriend to stick those balls in her butt hole! She kept them in and waited for her parents to come back to the table. When they came back, while they were chatting, her boyfriend slowly took out the balls from his girlfriend’s ass, one by one. Her pussy was so wet, and she hardly waited for her parents to go and leave them alone. She just wanted his huge cock in her ass, she wanted his dick in her throat, she wanted to be used like a little anal slut! As soon as these two love birds stayed alone, sexy girl took off her heels, pulled up her dress, arched on the table, and ordered her boyfriend to stick his big white dick right into her tight cute little butt hole! He did as she asked and started fucking her rough and hard. Her dirty ass hole was so gapped because she almost wants to fuck solely in the butt. The feeling of his huge cock as it easily slid in and out of her little hole was giving her amazing sensations. He’s massive and she’s so tiny and she wants to be inundated with cum so much.   As the petite girl got used to his giant dick he rammed it as hard as he could. A truly memorable evening! After she took the dick out of her ass hole, she started sucking it like a naughty little girl. She enjoyed sticking it in her mouth and choking on it, cause she likes to feel the dick down her throat. After she licked it like a lollipop for a while, she took off her dress and stayed fully naked. Her boyfriend sat on a chair, and cute naked girl sat on his dick with her ass. She bounced up and down, impaling her asshole on his huge cock, cried out and trembled through an intense anal orgasm. While she was riding him, he was sucking the nipples on her gorgeous soft tits. After she had her ride on the dick, young naked girl lay on her back and put her feet high up in the air. He again stuck his dick into her butt hole and started banging her the hardest he could. Her ass was torn apart. He also licked her sweet wet pussy and made her even hornier than she was. He was destroying her asshole but neither of them cared. He just kept fucking her cute little ass hard and deep. He fucked her asshole until he couldn’t take it anymore. Finally, he grabbed her hair, put her in front of him on the floor, and shot his big load all over her pretty face. She got fucked so good that it is when she knew she would marry him.