Blonde MILF needs a massage at the end of the week, and she likes to take it fully naked. When another client, a young man, waiting for his masseuse sees her, he can’t but check her out. But once a masseuse comes in, the only thing a little pervert can do is to hide under the table. As masseuse oils her back, a young man observes it, wishing he was the one touching her gorgeous body. But once masseuse leaves again, this is his chance to do whatever he wants. This mature vixen has no idea what is going on as he plays with her naked ass. He has never seen a naked woman. A beautiful naked woman is lying on the massage table in front of him. He slides his hands allover her gorgeous body, touching her amazing ass. Unfortunately the masseuse returns and the boy has to hide again. Each time the masseur leaves the room, he takes his chance to swoop in and run his hands all over big tits, her ass and even massage her pussy! Slowly, he moves his hand to her clit and begins the rubbing. She DOES think that her usual masseur is a lot more handsy than normal — not that she’s complaining! Naked woman revels in the pleasure as her breasts are nicely kneaded and her pussy was massaged too, but soon she figures out what is going. At first, she appears angry, even though this barely legal guy was playing with her pussy expertly. But then she decides to teach him a lesson and makes his to suck on her big breasts. She pulls down his pants and grabs his young cock before deepthroating him like it’s the most natural thing in the world. Young man can’t believe what is going on, but now he must finish what he started. Once naked woman spreads her legs, it’s his duty to penetrate her tight pussy as she plays with her clit. As they are fucking, they no longer care if masseuse will come back. Being in danger is what makes them go even wilder, as they continue banging in reverse cowgirl position. Experienced MILF is doing all the work, letting that young cock go balls deep inside of her, as her moaning is the sign that she came once again. After being hammered doggy style, the only thing left for her to do is to take that shaft in her mouth and taste his cum. It’s flattering to be such a turn-on for young boys! 