Young and sexy brunette girlfriend was having a relaxing time watching TV with her boyfriend. She was lying on her stomach in front of him, wearing nothing but cute, thin panties and a sweatshirt. With slim, long legs and a firm ass within his grasp, he couldn’t help but start fondling her. A couple of soft touches were more than enough for this cutie to turn around, spread those legs some more, and start enjoying herself. He quickly switched from caressing her ass to rubbing her pussy over those colorful panties. Just moments later, the brunette stood up and bent over, giving him the perfect view. He moved her underwear to the side, revealing a soft, smoothly shaven, pink pussy and a tight, little asshole. He was rubbing her clit with passion, and, soon enough, she was aching for more. Her sweatshirt went off and, before he realized what was happening, this sexy girlfriend was having her luscious lips wrapped around his throbbing boner. She was slobbering all over his rock hard shaft, rubbing the head of his cock against her tongue, kissing it, licking it, trying to fit as much as possible down her throat. He was all slippery from her saliva as was oozing precum inside her warm, little mouth. Such a long and steamy cock sucking session was just a warmup for these two as her snatch was already dripping wet and aching for a good fuck. Sexy naked girl eagerly turned around into a doggy style, and he forced his whole member inside of her. Her tight pussy gripped his cock as if in an effort to hold his cock inside her. Holding her by her slim waist, he lifted, then slammed her onto his cock, ramming it balls deep deep. His hips thrust forward, slamming against her arse. His cock jerked, throbbing inside her pulsing cunt.   It didn’t take long before he started vigorously pounding his girlfriend doggy style, going balls deep while holding her arms behind her back. Her seductive moans were slowly turning into screams of pleasure as those perky tits jiggled back and forth. That big, round, firm ass was bouncing as he slammed her in full force, and she was doing her best to push back in rhythm and impale herself even deeper. Wanting to catch a perfect shot of her beautiful face, the naked girl grabbed the camera and placed it in front of herself. Now, she was moaning and screaming right into it as she was being rammed relentlessly from behind. Then they started switching things up. First, she took the initiative over and, as he calmed down, she began to ride him, still hungry for his meat. He watched that tight asshole clench every time she’d impale her wet cherry all the way down. He couldn’t resist sitting idly like that for long, so he grabbed her again and proceeded to ravage her harder than ever. Eventually, he reached his limits and exploded with cum, filling her insides to the brink and then pulling out to watch her ooze with jizz and play with it. Cum was leaking down her slit, dripping off her clit and making wet spots on the bed. She laid there all satisfied, gently caressing herself after multiple orgasms, slowly getting ready for a solo session. The next time she held the camera, she was using a big, pink dildo, and she was making an erotic masturbation video while using the toy to drill her snatch to another orgasm.