When this dude arrived at his friend’s house to drop off some things he had forgotten his mom answered the door. The friend wasn’t there but the guy asked his mom to use the bathroom and entered the house. She allowed it and asked that he locked up behind him since she has to run! When he got inside, he sneaked around and found some racy underwear, one of her bras. Unable to contain his lust for the MILF he started jerking off right there in the bathroom. His friend’s cute sister, who was this lavish and exotic Latina beauty, caught a glimpse of his throbbing shaft through a crack in the door and stayed to watch while masturbating herself. Thinking he was imagining her while stroking the boner, she was stunned when he started talking about her mom and, infuriated, rushed in. The bloke started defending himself but then he noticed her shorts were undone and that’s when kinky Latina decided to make her move. By threatening to tell her mom he was jerking in their bathroom to her bra, the cutie dropped on her knees in front of the intruder, pulled his member back out, and started slobbering on it with passion. Even though the dude preferred cougars, he couldn’t pass up the opportunity. The girl jerked his cock with her small hands, cupped his balls and caressed them. Hungry to feel it growing in her mouth, she talked dirty while giving one of the most erotic and sloppy blowjobs ever. She was hungrily gobbling and slurping on his manhood. She was stroking his cock, sucking and licking all over his balls. The pleasure he was receiving was so great. Suck it! Suck it you bitch! Eat this dick you nasty little bitch! He started thrusting his hips into her face.   His friend’s sister started gagging a bit as her eyes were also watery now and her spit was dripping out of her mouth. She even rubbed his cock all over her tits smearing her salvia and pre-cum all over them. Suck a long dick sucking made her face all messy. That’s when she finally stood up and turned her back to him, slightly pushing that bubbly ass out. Not wanting to waste a second, he shoved his dong all the way inside, impaling her balls deep on it. She was aching for a good fuck so much she had to take the initiative and make him stand still while twerking on his schlong. He was fucking her wet vagina properly, hammering into her with long hard thrusts. From there on out, things went wild. Love her laugh and how immersed she gets in sex. Her screams filled the bathroom as he reamed her cunt ferociously on the bathroom counter. She slipped a hand between her legs and started to rub her clit. Her cunt tightened around his cock and it wasn’t long before she had an orgasm. They eventually ended up on the bathroom floor, fucking vigorously all hot and sweaty. His balls were slapping against her ass as he fucked her faster and faster. She came numerous times and finally squeezed his balls all over her pretty face, enjoying a sticky facial. Adult Time is proud to introduce the launch of their latest Original Series “Caught Fapping”. This ongoing series explores timeless porn tropes and fantasies. Each episode is helmed by a different director, bringing a unique twist to the simple and fun concept.