Two bombastic blonde lesbian MILFs were laying in their bed in the morning, having a playful and naughty conversation. They were both naked flaunting those curvaceous bodies. Both blondes had big, round, firm breasts and their pussies were clean-shaven except for small and erotic triangle trims. As it turned out, it was one lesbian’s birthday today and she had already figured out what she wanted. She leaned next to her dazzling partner, softly whispering the desire in her ear, and watching her mouth open wide in pleasant surprise. This mature lesbian was eager to try cock for her birthday, and the partner happily agreed. The two quickly made a plan up on how to get a guy to join them. The birthday-girl put on her sexy, racy red lingerie while the other one dressed up and called a delivery service. The hottie in a tight dress teasingly invited him in, immediately going for the bedroom, where the birthday MILF waited in her erotic outfit. Upon seeing her, the guy dropped whatever he was carrying and started to apologize but mommies quickly eased his mind and got his blood racing. Moments later, he was laying on the bed and his massive schlong was poking out. Impressed by his size, both lesbians placed themselves between his legs and were now giving him the double blowjob of his dreams. With each chick taking one side of his shaft, they were going up and down with those plump, luscious lips, kissing and licking it all up before proceeding to take turns slobbering on it. Losing their minds with horniness, the naked women were more than happy to share. One would hop on that monster boner and ride it vigorously only to give the other one the opportunity a couple of minutes later. And every time one chick wasn’t on that schlong, instead of sitting idly she’d either rub and fondle her wife, lick his balls all up, or give him a short blowjob every time he’d pull out. Finally, the birthday MILF received a true gift in the form of a thick, white creampie! Her lesbian wife began scooping his cum out! 