She recently met her mom’s new boyfriend. He is much younger than her mom and not that much older than her, but he is still about to be her new stepdad. From the moment they met, there was some fling among them, and she couldn’t stop calling him “daddy” in her head. One night, her mom was out of town, so she secretly called him for dinner. They had a lovely meal, but eventually, they couldn’t resist any longer. She took off her bra and let him suck her soft tits. They both waited for that for so long. He moved her big boobs like dough, caressing and fingering her white skin and enjoying, on his palms, the tickling of her hard nipples surrounded by rosy areolas. He was kissing and sucking her swollen tits, one breast inside his hand, the second breast inside his mouth. The girl soon got her fully naked at the table, while he was still totally dressed. Standing entirely naked in front of him made her pussy even wetter than it was. He stuck his head between her ass cheeks and started licking it. Holding her pale ass cheeks apart with both hands, he sucked on her pussy biting, licking and sucking on it. Naked busty girl was grinding her big ass into his face. She enjoyed it so much. Of course, soon, he took off his clothes too, and busty naked girl got an opportunity to show her daddy that she is the best cock-sucker in the family. She was also licking his balls like a bad little girl, while he was gently touching her hair like he was giving her a boost to keep doing it. He then placed his cock at the entrance to to her cunt and shoved his dick home! She was in heaven! He fucked her in the doggy style and pulled her hair from the back. Her big tits were giggling wildly and slapping each other as they hung there. He placed her on the table, spread her legs and bang her so rough and hard. She rode his dick like a cowgirl too. Her big tits were bouncing up and down. She rode him before she kneeled in front of him and patiently waited for him to load all of his cum on her filthy face and her boobs too. She was all messy from her new stepdad’s semen, but also so happy for knowing it will become a routine. 