A cute young girl loves lots of nasty, kinky stuff, and her newest big fantasy is to be fucked rough and hard like a total slut with strangers. Getting fully naked and wating for someone who could fuck her on a dirty abandoned couch near the dumpster is one of the sluttiest things she can do, and she loves it. Besides being nude, this little slut whore likes men to fuck her mouth, cum all in her and on her. For those of you not familiar with the British pastime of ‘Dogging’ let me explain that it means having sex with complete strangers in dreary locations in the dead of night. Once a man from the neighborhood took his dog for a walk at night and stumbled across a young naked girl sucking someone’s cock. Later, he thought about what he saw and he couldn’t help but feel turned on. The idea of fucking a teen babe like that was tempting indeed. One night he waited for his wife to fall asleep, got dressed and went to the place. The girl-next-door was there, she was young, about 18 or 19, she was naked already. She was a beautiful teenage girl with a tiny body, cute tits, and adorable little ass. With her legs spread she rubbed her teen pussy on a dirty couch surrounded by trash. He watched her from behind the bushes and then she put a blindfold on her eyes. His cock was throbbing with excitement. Finally he took his clothes off and approached her. His cock was now inches away from her cute face. When her mouth opened he stuck it into her mouth! She started sucking it immediately. Her little mouth felt so fucking good on his cock. Her soft, hot tongue was against the head, her tiny hands caressed his balls. When he took off her blindfold, she saw hiow big his cock was and got horny like never before in her life. The young naked girl was sucking on scrotum, pulling one and then the other nut into her wet mouth, loving them with her tongue. The feeling was unbelievable, surpassing any sensation he had ever experienced. His wife had never done anything close to that before.   After the little slut gave him a nice blowjob with her pretty mouth, she lay on her back on the couch and spread her legs, putting her right feet high up in the air. Her bold pussy was swollen with desire, her erected clit was aching and her juices were streaming down her slit. It had been so long since he licked a delicious pussy like that one. Holding her thighs apart he ate her out, tongue fucking her little hole, sucking on her clit and licking off the juices. The girl was moaning uncontrollably. Finally he stuck his amazing dick inside her! It was too big for her but it felt so good. If you like porn with huge cocks fucking young naked girls, then you will love this video! He began to slide it deeper within her each time until he could completely sheath his giant prick inside her petite body. He could no longer restrain himself and started banging her, driving his huge dick balls deep into her. He was holding her face and choking her neck to make her feel more helpless, cause he knew that being submissive turned her on a lot. Of course, treating her like his slave turned him on a lot too. After he banged her in that position, he sat on a couch and let the girl sit on his dick. Tiny naked girl was facing him with her back and rode it in a reversed cowgirl pose. She was screaming so loud and shaking her little tits. After that, they got in a 69 position, allowing her to feel the taste of her pussy from his dick. He kept fucking her harder and harder and the girl was yelling with pleasure. He grabbed her head hard and put her on her knees in front of him. She begged him to cum all over her face and made her feel like such a cheap hooker. He covered her entire face with hot semen, and she was so happy and still horny that she didn’t wipe it off. Her biggest fantasy came true.