This sugar daddy is ready to give a lot of money away to hot babes like these two if they are willing to give him something in return. Today he has two gorgeous sluts coming back from their shopping spree. They agreed to buy a nice lingerie set each that they would wear. One of them was shy as it was her first time doing something like this, but her blonde friend reassured her and made her go on through with it. The dude was wearing an expensive tux and was sipping on fine brandy when the babes started stripping down in front of him and then they put on the lingerie sets that they got while shopping. After that, the babes unzipped his pants and took out his dick. She took his cock in her mouth and began bobbing her head up and down on his cock, sucking him as he lay motionless, watching her efforts. The other sugar babe was there to help her friend, pushing her head down onto his dick, making her swallow deeper. Soon enough, both girls sucked the cock together, both grinding their lips up and down the shaft of his dick in one of the best double blowjobs sessions ever. The deep throat competition between the two of them was particularly. The dude got so hard and horny that he didn’t care much for the blowjob anymore and instead he wanted to get some pussy action as well. He fucked both of these sugar babes really hard and they were ready to do anything for him from any position. Oh wow two of the finest young vixens at the same time. Two hot naked babes took turns riding his enormous cock that plunged deep into their cunts. They also sucked and fondled their tits, fondled clit and asshole to each other. They got fucked incredibly hard. Both girls liked it hard. They were all moaning and groaning as loudly as possible. He felt their cunts spasmed and clutched his cock tightly as their bodies stiffened in orgasm. That is hot, cumming all over a pretty woman’s face but cumming all over the two girls’ faces when they are kissing and sucking your dick and pressing their naked bodies together, smearing cum all over each other is much better! 