It’s not easy being a nerdy chick in school. You always get pushed around and fucked over. This babe is in that exact position and she can’t seem to get a break. These two frat dudes keep terrorizing her and they have been doing so during the last 4 years of her being in that high school. It was time that she stood up for herself, she just didn’t know how. They would always push her over, throw her stuff on the ground, throw stuff at her, this one time they even stole something of hers. All she could do is mope and be sad about it. However, it wasn’t until she activated the fiery babe inside her that she finally realized what she had to do. She came to school with some cookies and pretended to sell them knowing full-well that the frat bullies would just take the cookies and eat them. They did not know she put something in the cookies. The poisoned cookies put these two to sleep. They woke up half naked in a gym. The nerdy chick was there but she was completely naked and she was in a really good mood, masturbating with a hitachi into their faces. They jump back in shock and confusion. Apparently she took photos of them while they were out cold, and she was blackmailing them. With these polaroid photos everyone at school will consider them two twinks. She told them that they terrorized her for the last 4 years and it was time for her to take back some of that dignity. One by one they had to lick her cunt and her asshole! Her initial plan was to get some oral from these dudes, however, she got a little bit too horny and slutty in the moment. She ordered them to stuff their cocks in her pussy and fuck her!   She gave it one good rub before licking it all over and putting it in her mouth. Once the other dude saw this, he saw it as a go-ahead for him to rear-end her and start drilling her from behind. They spitroasted her, stuffing her mouth and pussy. The two guys were pounding her from both ends with intensity, calling her a slut and a dirty whore. They took turns fucking her mouth and her cunt. Soon enough the school nerd was getting double penetrated hard by these dudes and she had never experienced a threesome like this one in her entire life. In fact, she had very little success with sex in general, and this was the first time in a while that she felt good in it. They fucked her both holes so hard that she could barely breath. She was begging for their cocks, screaming to be fucked like a slut. The two cocks were fucking her holes in alternating rhythm which was giving her the most amazing feeling. Being pounded so hard, so deep, so fast, and oh so fucking good brought her to the most powerful orgasm of her life. The dudes made quick work of her, cumming time after time all over her and not giving her a minute to catch her breath. She felt like such a whore, and she loved it. They kept fucking her ass, her cunt, her mouth, cumming in all her holes, taking photos of her naked with cum leaking out of her stretched asshole and her cunt. She was a NERD but turned into the sluttiest girl in school! 