This stepdad didn’t get the memo when it said that it wasn’t ‘bring your daughter to work’ day. He took his daughter to his office while he had work to do and she was so bored that she just started taking dirty pictures in the corner of the room. Eventually, the dude’s boss came storming into the office clearly dissatisfied with his performance. He even caught the daughter taking pantie shots up her skirt during the encounter. He was fed up with the guy’s business and he fired him on the spot. The stepdad confronted his stepdaughter telling her that they won’t be able to keep the big house anymore since he won’t have that job any longer. The previous owner that liked him retired, and he left the firm to his son who immediately started firing people who weren’t showing results, including this stepdad. So, in order to help, the stepdaughter offered to do anything in her power. The old pervert immediately had an idea and told her that she had to fuck his boss in order for him to keep the job as a hail mary attempt to keep the damn house. He spoke to his boss and offered the babe up and the boss really didn’t mind fucking her at all. He liked the way she looked. She is so damn erotic and hot as well as beautiful. He sent off her stepdad wait outside the office and the babe got down to business. First she went down to her knees and started gobbling up the boss’s hard cock. This little slut did her best to swallow his cock, reaching his balls with her tongue. She sucked him off and eventually she started getting fucked by him too. This didn’t happen before the boss didn’t get a nice mouthful of pussy though. After that, he really started getting into it and destroying her pussy from every conceivable position. She felt like such a little slut that wasn’t really useful for anything else other than fucking and that was exactly right. Young naked girl rode him hard, bouncing on him and rocking her hips, repeatedly impaling herself on his shaft, crying out as he squeezed her ass.   The only thing you could expect from her is to be a little whore and the boss liked that idea that he just kept on going. He fucked her slamming hard into her pussy with deep and hard strokes right on her father’s desk. In fact, he saw her as nothing more than a little cum slut so he ended up exploding his load all up inside her pussy, giving her a nice creampie before inviting the stepdad back in. His boss was doing up his zipper with a big smile on his face, his step daughter all used up on the table like a whore with cum dripping from her pussy. However, the entire thing was in vain because the stepdad still got fired. The boss just wanted a bit of that pussy in the process. ‘Just because you sell out your step-daughter, doesn’t mean you have a job!’ The boss left the office. He turned to his slutty step daughter, sprawled out on his desk, touching herself between the legs where cum still leaking out of her slit. He hated her. She hated him. ‘I hope you’re satisfied, dad.’ He couldn’t believe what just happened. ‘I’m going to tell mom everything,’ she continued. ‘I might even call the police.’  He told her to shut the fuck up. Then he scowled at her, unzipped his pants, angrily plunged his dick into her and started fucking her on the spot as well. Her pussy was already full of semen and his cock was going in and out so good. Do you like scenes with double creampies, especially if the cum is still oozing out as the next guy has his turn? He fucked her with all his might and in the end, she got double creamed by her own stepdad as well! Fantastic performances, excellent dirty talk, hot intense sex. Hard and rough. A perfect gift from daddy.