This kinky brunette schoolgirl might not be the best student, but she surely knows the easiest way to get a good grade. Having recently turned eighteen, she figured out her body was her strongest weapon, so she made some adjustments to that lovely schoolgirl uniform, turning it into something much more provocative. When the teacher saw her perky tits almost bursting out of that tiny shirt, and that her skirt was so short you could almost see her panties, he immediately sent her to the principal. Luckily for her, the principal was more than happy to indulge her need for a big dick. He pulled it out in his office, and the sexy schoolgirl immediately started stroking the shaft with passion. Just seconds later, this lovely babe was on her knees, doing her best to swallow as much of the principal’s schlong as possible. Already being a pro cocksucker, she never forgot about the balls and, even after her teacher dropped by to check on her, she wouldn’t stop on giving a sloppy blowjob while hidden behind the door. Eager to get a taste of that sweet 18 yera old pussy, the principal simply lifted the skirt and gave her a good licking. All these young pussies are so sensitive and she quickly brought her to an orgasm with his tongue. The schoolgirl couldn’t wait to feel his big dick deep in her pussy. She grabbed it with her hand and guided between her wet pussy lips. It felt so good. The beauty was thrilled to have such a monster dong inside of her and immediately started moaning in pleasure. Those moans soon turned into screams as he began to ram her vigorously, going balls deep. It wasn’t long before she was left wearing nothing but those adorable knee socks while being bent over the desk and fucked relentlessly. Naked shcoolgirl was pushing back to meet each of his thrusts, his long shaft driving in and out of her slippery tunnel. She was insatiable. Orgasm after orgasm, her screams were only getting louder, and she only kept picking up the pace before the principal finally reached his edge and jizzed all over her pretty face. 