A white girl and a filthy black girl were having sex in the bedroom. The naked girls were licking their assholes and their pussies. The lesbians were very wet and horny. After they were done with fucking, they both fell asleep in the bed. Suddenly, the white girl’s boyfriend came and saw them together. He gently pulled down the ebony girl’s panties and stuck his dick into her pussy! He started fucking her. His cock felt so good and she could feel his balls hitting her every time he drove in. The black girl tried to be quiet, but her friend still woke up. She asked her boyfriend what is he doing, and he said that he thought that this is a girl she brought him for a threesome as they talked about before. While the black girl was holding her friend’s dick, she asked her if they could share it. Since his girlfriend was very sluty and open-minded, she agreed. She spread her friend’s ass cheeks and he guided his cock into her black pussy. Not every girl can enjoy watching her boyfriend fucking another girl. Her boyfriend was fucking the ebony girl in the doggy style, while she licked her ass again. She even spat on it, as her boyfriend told her. She even spanked her and pushed her friend’s ass back to meet his thrusts. Black babe liked to be treated rough. His girlfriend then sat in front of the black girl and spread her legs so she could lick her pussy while she was being fucked. The chicks got so crazy that they sucked him together and licked the balls. It was one of the best blowjobs ever! The girls fucked his cock with their mouths, over and over. Then his girlfriend decided to show her friend how they have fun with him and sat onto his cock, impaling her ass on it! This lsut loves hardcore and intense ass-fucking! She was bouncing up and down in a frenzy, slamming her ass down onto his cock. Her lesbian friend was rubbing her cunt and slapping her tits, awesome! The girls got their asses fucked like two crazy sluts. When the guy came, they swapped the cum between their mouth and swallowed every last drop of it. 