The two milfs are on the couch just sipping on their drinks as their teen stepdaughters show up. The girls reveal that they were at the mall. Their mothers are both a bit upset because it’s Mother’s Day and it seems as though their daughters have forgotten all about it. In fact, the girls just got back from picking up their gifts at the mall. They came dressed in sexy lacy lingerie and they gave their mothers their gifts. It was sexy lingerie! Now their moms have to try it out. As they do, we get to see just how curvy the two moms are. This one mom has tits the size of a watermelon. So damn hot. They are incredibly attractive women. As the moms lean to hug and kiss their girls, it’s obvious that all of them are about to have the best Mother’s Day ever! Yes, they are nympho lesbians and they have no regard for the typical family values. The teens start licking their moms breasts and then the women lick their small titties in return. They pair up and start making out and rubbing those dripping wet pussies like the world’s gonna end tomorrow. The teens are the ones who are going down on the moms right now. Slurping all those juices up and shoving their tongues as deep as they can go, so the moms feel them getting licked all the way inside their already engorged vulvas. Although the daughters start by lavishing attention upon their mothers’ heaving breasts and delicious pussies, it’s not long before it becomes a free-for-all. As everyone gets a good taste of each other, the moms are truly thankful that they have such thoughtful step daughters. Naked girls lie face-up as their naked moms sit on their faces to let them suck their vaginas.   MILFs ride each other daughter’s face, pressing their cunts down hard against the girls’ faces so that they can feel their tongues deep. “That’s it baby, make me cum. I want to squirt my cum in your mouth” Then they switch. The teens get on all fours with their mom’s heads between their legs to suck their pussies. Lesbian MILFs lick these two teen pussies like they are delicious sweets, moaning and gasping for air. They suck them and flick them with their tongues over and over. The lesbians switch from concentrating on each other’s pussies to each other’s asses. Eating pussy and licking ass is a regular when you are a teen whose hormones run wild. They lick each other to mind blowing orgasms while they have fingers buried in each other’s asshole. Scissoring is also a theme. They cross their legs and start stimulating those bulbous clitorises so they explode with a warm feeling of satisfaction as they fuck like they are on acid. Sweet hot juices pour from their cunts. All the girls cry out in pleasure. They all lick each other’s vaginas and anuses screaming until they cum together. Just wow. Four amazing naked women having fantastic sex.