When you see my girlfriend, you probably think she’s adorable. And yeah, that’s the truth. But, she’s also a giant nympho. She always wants to get fucked, and she lives for sexual pleasure. Like, there’s nothing that I can do to make her chill out. That’s why I bought her a vibrating sex toy that only I can control. You know so that I can control her behavior. That way, she can calm herself down when I have work to do. And, when I want to fuck her, she’ll immediately be ready and already wet for me. So, one day, I came to the kitchen, only to find her cute ass naked. I turned that app controlled vibrator up to maximum volume and I let her squirm on the kitchen floor. You should’ve seen her, damn! Her body was jerking in one endless orgasm. She was rolling on the floor and trying to regain her composure. My naked girlfriend got on the kitched counter and kept torturing her pussy. Over and over again she was cumming, each orgasm took her to a new higher level! Her pussy was leaking juices. Female ejaculation, to me, is extremely erotic! But, after a while, she gave in, and so did I. That’s why I let her suck my cock, and she did it perfectly. My naked babe was already in the mood, and she was perfectly enjoying it. She was able to deep throat my massive dong all the way down and to keep it down for a significant amount of time. Then, she’d rinse it out in a second with a ton of spit, like she’s lubing my cock up for some real fun. So, after that godly suction, I spread her legs and began to eat her out. My tongue was driving her insane. Finally I flipped her over and began pounding her pussy in the doggy style. Damn, you should’ve seen that one!   She was literally squirming once again since she came like three times just a second ago. And, of course, she felt even better than usual. She was already all wet and slippery, both from the juiciness of her own pussy and from her previous orgasms. That means that sliding into her and fucking her was literally a piece of cake. So, I continued to pound her cute little pussy. Her thighs and legs were covered with her juices. Her pussy ached from the pounding. Cumming like she has never cum before! I changed positions, this time I let her work for it, and I let her ride my cock until she couldn’t do it anymore. Her body twisted and trembled as though erotic pleasure surged through her like electricity. She had the most intense orgasm and squirted all over me. And when she finally fell, I took her, hugged her, and then pounded her some more while she was on top of me. When my massive cock kick-started her sexual drive and energy to life back again, the whole thing became even better. She bolted up, switched herself up, and suddenly, she was reverse cowgirl riding me. And she continued to do that until I literally couldn’t do it anymore. When I was on the verge of nutting, she reassured me that she wanted it inside. So, I busted the fattest nut ever right inside of her pussy, and she screamed like a little hoe! Overall, this sex session was so fucking amazing that I’m still under the impression of it. Honestly, I’m probably going to fuck her again right now. But, for now, this was freaking amazing and enough to make my fucking day.