Being a photographer seriously pays off. Usually, I do some boring photoshoots of wedding couples, but I sometimes sneak in a few models. But, today, my work was different. You see, I expected to shoot a few photos of a fat ass, and that’s it. But, hear me out. I got to the location, and there was this beautiful girl. She looked lovely, she was thick as hell, and you can see how juicy her body was. I snapped some pictures and whatnot, but then I told her that I wanted naked photos as well. She was a little embarrassed but still undressed for the camera. I threw in a couple of compliments about her breast size. The sexy naked babe posed for me as trains passed by us. Eventually, she noticed that I had a boner and asked if she could see my dick! I have to admit that I was a bit surprised. I pulled my dick out and her mouth opened in surprise. I was not taken aback and moved forward, so that my cock touched her lips. In a moment it was pushed to the back of her throat. Another train passed by us, but my model didn’t pay any attention and kept giving me a blowjob. Unfortunately, the security caught us, since we were outside, next to a train station. I kind of shit my pants, but at the same time, I was even hornier now. My naked model were running across the railroad tracks and I ran after her. Fortunately the security guy did not run after us. We found a good location for fucking. I had never had sex outdoors before moreover we could be seen there. I lay on the ground and the hot naked babe stood over me and I looked at her from below. She had amazing big tits, a big bubble butt and her cunt was hairy! Her clit was so big and long sticking out between her hairy lips. It was fucking amazing! Imagine a thick babe, with the juiciest pussy ever, just straight-up riding your cock like it’s nothing! And, like a real hoe, she even changed positions. At first, it was a regular cowgirl pose, but then, she tried out the reverse cowgirl. Like a true chad, I took her, flipped her over, and then fucked her in the doggy style. I fucked her from behind and waved to the passengers on all trains as they went passed. The feeling of her tight pussy and the sight of her thunder ass… It was all too much for me. So, I had to nut instantly! After busting my nut, I didn’t even take her fucking money. That was enough for me! 