When this blonde MILF decided to throw a little bachelorette party for herself at home, she was assured that her new stepson would keep his distance for the night. She gets into some sexy lingerie and she even gets some cat ears that have plastic penises instead of cat ears attached. Unfortunately the little bastard ignores her pleas to leave her friends alone and decides to play a little grab-ass with them. When he gets a handful of his stepmom’s big ass, she drags him to the bedroom and throws him on the bed. She can’t just ignore him anymore. If he’s going to go around grabbing her friends, he better be able to follow up with a fuck! She gets him to lick her pussy first of all. The boy is on his knees, she pulls her panties aside and starts grinding her cunt all over his face and smearing his face with her juices. She grabs his head with both hands and pulls him closer, sending his tongue deeper into her cunt. It feels so wrong yet so right and she keeps on fucking his face with her cunt until he is rock solid hard down there. Once he gets hard, the bitch sees the size of the thing through his pants and decides to take them off. MILF is shocked to find out that her stepson has a bigger dick than her husband-to-be. She is ecstatic and she just wants to get that thing inside of her as soon as possible. After sucking on it for a bit like an obedient little slut, naked woman starts riding him cowgirl style. This MILF is in full slut mode! She grounds her clit into him, slams herself up and down his dick and then keeps sucking it. She lifts him up and holds him above her, raising him and lowering him, fucking her mouth with his cock! She grabs his head by the hair and pulls his face harder on her cunt, squeezing his head with her thighs. The boy is two times younger and two times lighter than her and it’s so fun to watch them have sex, trying all these amazing sex positions. He has never had sex with an older woman, if he ever did it with anyone, and now he if doing all his best to satisfy her. He is going so fast and hard into her cunt that she bits her lower lip to avoid screaming out in sexual pleasure. Nonetheless, her friends have already heard what is going on in the bedroom and are film them fucking on their phones. 