While one lesbian is busy licking her girlfriend’s pussy, her roommate peeps behind her back, jerking off while he watches, much to her enjoyment. He slips away while the naked girls scissor on the bed, grinding their wet pussies against each other but when his roommate’s girlfriend retreats to take a shower, he re-enters and wanks his cock over her face, stroking the length of his huge tool with two hands. You know, lesbians just need dick sometimes and this babe can’t help open her mouth and welcomes it in her hungry mouth. His big cock slides deep into her throat with her head hanging over the bed’s edge. She can feel it throb in her throat, can smell the scent of his balls and she can feel like a woman again. Face fucking by a real hot hard throbbing cock is what this lesbian needs now, as her girlfriend is taking a shower. But as she comes back, the dude manages to hide in the closet. As the naked girls go for a sixty-nine, he uses that as the perfect opportunity to join them. He goes straight into a dirty blonde’s ass, while her girlfriend punishes her by making her taste her pussy juices. Brunette is mad because things were happening behind her back, so the only way to make things right is that both treat her like a queen. As the naked lesbian lies on her back and spreads her legs, she expects to see her shaved pussy licked clean by both of them! Having two warm tongues playing with her clit is a pleasure that is hard for her to describe as she feels her juices flowing while getting ready to cum. This will be only the first of many orgasms to come. Things move to another level when it’s her time to have this dick in her snatch, and finally in her asshole. Of course, this is not her first anal ride, and that is obvious that many boys and toys have stretched her rectum before.   Still, even for such an experienced slut, this cock is a challenge. It’s not only long but also fat, so it hurts a bit at first. But once she starts to ride him reverse cowgirl style, things become much better. Suddenly, she can take it balls deep while her girlfriend is here to encourage her. Now that both girls proved that they are capable anal sluts. Both naked girls are locked into an 69 position, both of them are busy with their mouths on each other when the dude take turns fucking their cunts. Taking on both guys and girls makes their sex life better. There is no jealousy as they are both nymphos and understand each other perfectly. The only thing on their minds is how to satisfy their lust for at least a couple of hours. Rough sex drives them mad, so when their lover bang their asses doggy style, they beg him to do it faster. When he goes back in their pussies, they insert fingers in their anal holes. Not a single moment is wasted! The same goes for cum, as when their faces are covered with it, they make sure to eat it all and show their appreciation for everything they have experienced today. Now, their love is even stronger! These girls love to make love. They know they will end up eating their pussies and cumming numerous times whenever they are home alone. But that doesn’t mean that sometimes they don’t need a proper dick, and have a wild threesome, moreover an intense hardcore anal sex threesome! Stop fooling yourself, girls, there is nothing better than a real cock and hot cum.