These teen sluts model for a living and are having the best time. They love the best of everything, and their sugar daddy ensures they get everything they want. The older gentleman will make them reach if they promise that they will be his. This videos begins with two hot brunettes in red sexy lingerie making love with each other, kissing, licking their wet cunts for his pleasure. Drinking whiskey he just watches his girls make love eating their sweet pussies. But they are so young, and they want to explore their sexuality, so once their man is out on a business trip, they call another guy to join them. They are so eager to see a new dick that things get rough from the start. The sluts want to impress him, and the first thing they do is to suck his shaft deep. Their tactics worked well, as his boner went from large to enormous in a matter of minutes. Now, having that thing inside their shaved pussies is something that will be a challenge. The one with perky tits and trimmed snatch is the first to try it in reverse cowgirl position. As her girlfriend plays with her clit, of course, it doesn’t take long before she cums for the first time. This guy is even better than they imagined. The other girl is patiently waiting for her turn, even though her snatch is so wet that she ruined her panties. Threesomes are what they do all the time, but a younger guy does it so much better than their sugar daddy. They are rediscovering their sexuality as they continue to bang doggy style, while still in the backyard by the huge pool. If the girls were caught cheating their sponsor, they would be back on the streets, but at this point, they don’t care. No amount of money can buy happiness like a proper dick giving them a pleasure these babes forgot exists. When he empties his balls into one of them and the other eats it out of her vagina, both girls feel like they are in paradise. Awesome girls! Two beauties who could be sisters. Outdoor sex is always appreciated! Energy, dirty talk, fine close-ups, camera work, those exceptional tits, young tight little pussies being stretched to the max. And then the creampie, simply magnificent, to be shared by two hot naked girls who set out to “fuck the shit” out of him, and were successful! 