My wife and I have started a new business venture, and this time we’ve visited this babe that is selling her antiquities. The trouble is, we can’t afford her price, so we’ll have to compensate her in another way. Not knowing what else to do, my wife gave her an offer that could be considered unique, as she promised that she would suck my dick. She had seen the way she looked at me. She was a young babe with beautiful natural tits, and of course, she would love to have fun with me. I could bet a house that she would join us for a threesome. And I was right! The moment I pulled out my dick, she was all over it. While I’m happy with my babe, I can’t deny that it’s exciting to show my cock to someone new. Even better, my wife is here, and I know that her pussy will get dripping wet. As our seller was sucking it, my wife began to play with my balls. It’s not that I haven’t been with two girls before, but this was something different. This girl knows how to suck it deep, and her giant pierced tits are a perfect destination for my boner. Then the naked girl squeezed her tits around my cock and started sliding it up and down between her soft, slippery melons. I loved titty fucking! Hey, would you like to have sex with my husband?’ My wife took my dick and helped it slide into the girl’s cunt. As she was riding me, cowgirl, my wife was playing with her boobs and licking them before they kissed. If I knew that she was so into girls, we could have done this earlier. It looked like there was perfect chemistry between the three of us, and we all forgot about the business at this moment. It was all about the rough banging and taking this girl to her limit. Even when I was inside of her balls deep, she was fine with it, and my wife helped her cum by playing with her clit. It was a surreal experience, the one that gets stuck in your mind forever. Finally, I made the naked girls go into a doggy style position and banged their fat asses. The amount of cum coming out of my dick surprised me, as it was more than enough to cover their sweet faces. While they were still messy, we signed the deal, and even better, I know that we’ll meet her again. 