This wife might be a little bit paranoid, but her husband has been acting a bit off lately. She decides to follow him and she discovers that he is visiting a mistress on a regular basis. She is infuriated and grabs for the gun in her glove box compartment to go in and kill the homewrecker bitch. She goes in with the gun and sees her next to the bed in hot red lingerie. Once she lays her eyes on her stunning body, she can’t help but peep on her while she strips naked and gets wet in the shower. Spying on her husband’s mistress in the shower she gets as aroused as she is furious. She is a striking woman, gorgeous, with an amazing body. However she catches the jealous wife peeping. The mistress pulls out her gun too and the two of the babes have a stand-off for a bit. The dramatic confrontation ends with the envious wife confessing she wants to feel desired, leading to hot lesbian sex. The babe is so hot, that she can understand why her husband would want to fuck her. The girls kick it off with a makeout session. After kissing for a while, it’s straight down to business for them as they undress and start having some lesbian fun with oral and scissoring. That’s when the husband arrives and is shocked to see what’s happening in the bedroom, his wife and his mistress are both fully naked with their legs scissored, rubbing pussies against each other! The wife, already horny from the lesbian sex she’s been having with his mistress decides to let him join in for the hottest threesome of their lives. The two gorgeous babes are neck and neck in terms of beauty and the dude is well-endowed so he’s nothing to scoff at either.   The three of them proceed to have on heck of a threesome with so much fucking involved as well as a fair few blowjobs that come from both of these babes. They even seem to have a competition to determine which one of them sucks dick better. They can’t seem to make up their minds over it and in the end, both naked girls just keep sucking cock regardless. After that, they have some of the best positions that a threesome could ask for. The husband is the luckiest son of a bitch in this exchange because he gets to fuck both of these babes in so many amazing ways. He fucks them both from behind and decides which pussy he wants to fuck in which moment. It’s absolutely infatuation to watch, and he is so horny by this point that he doesn’t even care who he’s fucking anymore. He’s ready to lick pussy, eat asshole, and most of all, he’s ready to be pleased by these two sluts in the hottest ways. Two hot naked girls suck him off, ride him cowgirl style, bend over for him and do pretty much everything he wants from them. The girls don’t miss the opportunity to lick their clits and assholes to each other. At the end of the fuck fest, the dude even sprays both of these gorgeous naked girls with cum. The threesome is something that all of them will surely remember and even repeat in the future too.