A young and curvaceous dark-haired cutie knew her man was cheating on her with a side chick but she didn’t mind. As a matter of fact, she wanted to be a part of it all , spice up their sex life and devised a plan to join them. She faked leaving the house giving him the opportunity to invite the other babe over. The girlfriend hid in the bushes and watched the side hoe coming. That’s when this stunning Latina brunette came over, dazzling the girlfriend with her beauty. Dark-haired chick watched through the window as her boyfriend ate the new babe out. She was watching him eating her cunt and she was mesmerized. She began to play with her clit before coming back into the house and catching them in the middle of the act. Surprised at first, the boyfriend immediately started making excuses before she reassured him all she wanted was to enter a threesome. Just seconds later, the curvy girlfriend was bent over the bed in her pink lingerie, taking a hardcore doggy style pounding from her man. The other chick was in front of her, kissing her with passion and then turning around to present her with that aching, dripping pussy. Then, the hot naked girls started switching things up. He laid on the bed and the side chick mounted his throbbing member, riding him in reverse cowgirl. His girlfriend was thrilled with the view and kept rubbing brunette’s clit, enhancing her pleasure and making her scream in orgasms. The babe had an amazing bubble butt and knew how to twerk it on a cock. Before moving onto the next position, both babes laid next to him and went on to take turns sucking him off. After such a mesmerizing double blowjob, they were back in action. From there on out, things only kept escalating. Between their big titties and bubble butts, these gorgeous brunettes bombshells brought the fantasy to life. Naked girls kept switching on his dick and his tongue, both riding him simultaneously while kissing each other into multiple intense orgasms before he finally reached his edge and plastered them with jizz. 