This guy visited his stepsister on her birthday to check up on her with some cute gifts. He bought her sexy and erotic lingerie, a lace camisole but that’s when he found out that she was lesbian. One thing led to another and, soon enough, they were in a fierce argument. His tomboyish stepsis was adamant at only liking girls but he wouldn’t give in and kept insisting she needed to fuck a guy. The whole thing quickly escalated to yelling but then the situation took an unexpected turn. He decided to convert his lesbian sister into a straight. She pushed her stepbrother back, pulled his big, fat dong out, and started vigorously slobbering all over it. Her cute face looked even more beautiful with a throbbing schlong between those lusty lips. She was blowing him like an expert cock sucker. Now and then, she’d switch between kissing and licking the top and going up and down the shaft. She never forgot about using the hands either and kept jerking the shaft continually. That’s when he suggested he’d like to eat her pussy, teasing to see if she’d be down for it. Already out of her mind with horniness, she was more than ready. She immediately pulled her loose pants down and, since she had no panties on, laid down, spreading those slim legs for him. He dove in and got her moaning right off the bat. She ended up so wet and turned on that there were no objections once he placed the tip of his meat next to her snatch. He just shoved it inside and slid balls deep effortlessly. She took it all in with a gorgeous look of pleasure on her face, enjoying pure and passionate dicking. Eager to feel him in every way and from every angle possible, the lusty stepsis turned him on his back and mounted his monster like a slutty little cowgirl. From there on out, there was no stopping this so-called lesbian. She was relentless at impaling herself up and down with those dazzling, perky, natural tits bouncing left and right. He couldn’t let her do all the work so he grabbed her firmly and fucked her brains out, ravaging her from underneath. I enjoy his prolonged efforts of eating her out, teasing her clit with his thick meat, and even going as far as to employ slow, deep strokes at so she could feel every possible inch! These are great methods to really attempt to convert her. The Full Nelson is good too. She came multiple times, always screaming and constantly begging for more of his dick inside of her until he eventually reached his limits and plastered her tight body with huge loads. 