Two young and beautiful babes went to stay in a hostel overnight when the manager came by for an unexpected room inspection. He started shuffling through their clothes and soon enough found a suspicious bag with some illegal substance. Girls were stunned at first but then the feisty blonde took the initiative. She was this dazzling beauty with a pretty face on a tight body and she started immediately denying all the accusations. Her gorgeous friend, a dashing brunette with perfect, dicksucking lips, was a bit shyer but kept nodding in approval, trying to back her girl up. However, none of it would fly with the manager as he had already figured a way for all of them to get what they wanted. He proposed an arrangement and the girls instantly knew what he meant. It only took a couple of seconds for both of the sluts to agree to the proposition and that’s when he simply lowered his pants and pulled an already rock hard schlong out. The hotties were positively surprised with his massive size and their mood instantly improved. He didn’t need to say anything more, the pair of cuties simply dropped down on their knees and started doing the business. Yet again, the dominant blonde took the initiative. She took the balls with her luscious lips as the brunette started working the shaft, making it all wet and slippery. That’s when the girls switched and blonde started deepthroating like a truly professional dicksucker. She obediently let the manager grab the back of her head and fuck her tight throat balls deep, choking her with it and making everything spill all over her sexy face. The brunette was soon to follow and deepthroat in the same manner, gagging and choking on his man mean. Then, it was girls’ turn to feel pleasure. Two naked girls laid on the bed next to each other.   With those slim legs spread wide, he grabbed one vibrator and started simultaneously pleasuring one pussy while licking the other. Those two wet cunts were for his exclusive use and enjoyment. He licked both pussies when these beauties experienced the first of many orgasms. Such steamy and erotic foreplay was just the beginning as the pervy manager had something much more in store for the girls and they weren’t complaining. Now, it was the brunette’s time to be the first. As she was standing up with her legs slightly spread, the manager started pounding her from behind while the blonde teased, caressed, and licked her from the front. He was slamming into her with brutal force, making her ass cheeks jiggle. Then, it was blonde’s time to take a cock in her wet snatch. The naked babe was on the bed already spread and waiting. He started licking her and then her friend joined him, they both licked her asshole and her cunt together. He drove his dick into her with full force, ramming so hard, making her scream and beg for him never to stop. He felt the splatter of juices all over his cock and balls as she began to squirt. Another squirting orgasm later and things started getting really crazy. The naked girls were already losing their minds in pleasure, cumming and squirting all over the place, screaming and constantly begging for more. They kept switching around and changing positions, only picking up the pace as time went on. There’s no telling how many times chicks came before he finally jizzed all over them.