A breathtaking brunette girlfriend wanted to have some fun making a homemade video with her boyfriend. They started things off with a POV blowjob. Her beautiful face with big, blue eyes and plump, luscious, red lips were right in front of the camera as she slobbered all over a fat rod. Doesn’t she look like Megan Fox? She was so hungry for that dick that there was no stopping her. Using one hand to go up and down the shaft, she was swallowing more and more of it every time she’d move her head. The sexy babe was sucking his prick like a lollipop looking up at him with her beautiful eyes. Nothing better than a pretty female face with c cock in the mouth. This sex doll loves sex and she wants to share it with you. Soon enough, this lavish beauty was trying to deepthroat with a smile, choking as she’d take the whole length in. Wanting to catch a breath, she gave a short but sweet handjob before going back to intense cock sucking. The girlfriend grabbed the camera and mounted her man like a slutty cowgirl. She immediately started bouncing on it and moaning in pleasure, not even taking the time to remove her tight top. Her pretty face complimented her fucking perfect body and long and slim legs. He is more than lucky to have such a hot girlfriend. As she impaled herself relentlessly, he took the opportunity to take one of her perky, supple, natural tits out to squeeze and fondle it to no end.   That only made her hornier so she proceeded to jump on him even harder. Eager to fuck in every position imaginable, they placed the camera down to try something even more exotic. The brunette sat on her boyfriend’s raging hardon in reverse cowgirl, placing her cute feet on his legs for support, and kept riding passionately. He held her firm ass, pushing her up and down, helping her feel that monster stretching her completely and hitting her even deeper inside. Any time she’d slow down, this gorgeous hottie would go on to caress her pulsating clit, enhancing the pleasure and bringing herself to another of many leg-shaking orgasms. As time went on, they only kept picking up the pace and changing things up. Eventually, the brunette ended up on all fours, bent over, and completely submitted to her boyfriend. He was holding her hips firmly and shoving his member inside that dripping snatch balls deep, doggy style. She’s got an ass to die for and she loves when he pounds into her from behind. That position was finally enough to push him to absolute limits. By forcing himself inside of her for a couple more times, he finally filled her up to the brink with his sticky load before pulling out and letting her enjoy as it dripped down. His kinky girlfriend wagged her cute ass like a dog wagging a tail, forcing his cum out of her cunt.