I’ve had fun during an interesting workout session with my loving girlfriend. As she did her best to do squats, I couldn’t help but stare at that perfect, tight, slender body. It also helped that she wore the tightest clothes ever. My babe does squats because she wants to make her butt bigger and to make anal sex easier for her. Well ye, that’s what we were training for! It didn’t take long for me to start fondling her and she responded just as I had hoped. She got immediately turned on and bent over on the floor for me. I pulled those thin yoga pants down only to discover she had no panties on. Her smoothly shaven pussy and tight, little asshole were breathtaking. I immediately started groping those perky cheeks, watching the smile of enjoyment on her face. That’s when she turned around and laid down on her back, spreading those slim legs and giving me even better access. Slowly and gently, I put the tip of my finger inside that small asshole, stretching her and getting her ready for more. At that point, she was too horny to continue with mere teasing. My foxy redhead got up on all fours and presented herself for me to go inside her from behind. Without wasting a second, I placed the tip of my schlong next to her aching snatch and she impaled herself balls deep on it. Of course, I couldn’t just sit idly and watch as she went back and forth, going balls deep on my veiny shaft. So, I grabbed that bubbly ass firmly and started pulling her even deeper on my member. All the while, I kept teasing how she would be excellent at taking it in the ass and she was becoming more and more open to the idea.   I placed my babe on the sofa, still bent over for me, tied her hands up, and started penetrating that tight asshole. The amount of pleasure I felt just then as my crown slid past her anus was better than anything I’ve ever felt before in my entire life. To her insisting, I kept it slow and steady, giving her more time to relax as I stretched her virgin butthole. It felt so good that, at one point, I just had to pick up the pace. With her hands tied, I grabbed those cheeks and started fucking her harder. Her soft moans instantly intensified so I kept ramming, deeper and harder. Her strong anus was now gripping my cock at the base and the tip with each thrust that I gave her. I was ready to cum in her ass but managed to hold back. Feeling playful, I pulled out and turned her on the side to take a look at that butt once more. I had already stretched her quite a bit but we still had more to go. We went back to the floor where she took my schlong with those luscious lips to give me a long and sloppy blowjob before mounting back up on my throbbing rod with that perfect ass. The longer she bounced on me, the harder and faster she was. Soon enough, she was jumping relentlessly, simultaneously screaming and begging for more with the look of pleasure on her slutty face. She came multiple times from anal pounding before I finally spurted out loads of hot jizz into her ass.