I came to this guy’s place in order to fix something around the house, but he had this cute little daughter who wouldn’t leave me alone. She came to me as I was on my back, lying under a sink. I couldn’t help but stare at this young brunette’s tight, slender body. Also, she wore some of the sexiest clothes I’ve ever seen. On top of sexy, black panties and a white bra, she had a see-through, fishnet shirt that covered nothing but only enhanced that sexy look. I was helpless when she started pulling my pants and shorts down. Not that I would in any way object to a young, little minx grabbing my throbbing member with her small hands. She was so hungry for my meat that she immediately placed her luscious lips on the tip of it and started slobbering on it. Still smiling and feeling all playful she started licking up and down the shaft, jerking it with passion. At one point, I had to stand up to give her better access to my cock. She obediently waited on her knees before going back to business. Simultaneously jerking it with one hand, she slobbered all over the tip before that was the most she could fit at first. Being the pro dick sucker that she was, she always kept my balls in mind. By lowering her pretty little head, she started sucking and licking them as well, still stroking the rod. Of course, all of that was just to get me going as she had much more on her dirty mind. The girl stripped completely naked and sat on a chair, eagerly spreading her legs for me. I stared at her tight body with a pair of lovely, perky tits before going on lick her smooth cherry all up. That didn’t last long as both of us were hungry for much more.   I just had to get inside that tight pussy and she was more than happy to let me do it. She held those slim legs spread as I shoved it inside and started pounding as hard as I could. Her adorable smile while being banged relentlessly, and those erotic moans of pleasure were more than enough to take me to the edge so, just a minute later, I pumped her full with a thick, white load. Feeling my cum into her she wrapped her legs around me, pulling me deeper into her, making me squirt my semen deeper into her vagina. Finally the teen slut let me pull out and I saw a large stream of cum ran down her slit. The girl was ecstatic and began to smear sticky cum on her pussy. She was thrilled to feel it all warm and sticky inside and to watch it drip out of her pulsating cherry, but I was nowhere near to finishing. That was just the beginning as then I bent her over and continued ramming her even harder than before. She was oozing my cum and her shaved pussy was dripping more than ever as I kept ravaging her doggy style, making her skinny body tremble in multiple orgasms. Within minutes I was filling her teen pussy with cum, she just moaned as she willingly received yet another load of sperm into her young cunt. A river of cum was running out of my swollen pink pussy. There was no stopping either of us. Any time I’d fill her up and give her another creampie, we’d change positions and continue with the same intensity until she drained my balls completely.