Two attractive wives found themselves sitting down bored, waiting on their husbands. Both stunningly beautiful, they started the small talk when one decided to spice things up. The classy and curly redhead couldn’t help herself so she started teasing the other hottie. She subtly spread legs uncovering her perfectly smooth, shaved pussy to the other girl. As both of them were sitting just a couple of steps behind their husbands, they had to keep it subtle and be quiet. The chick watching could barely contain herself seeing the other one bare her breasts too, exposing her firm, round tits with already rock hard nipples. Men eventually came back to them so all the teasing had to stop, but the brunette was already horny as hell. She rushed off to the bathroom where she found a toy so she started playing with herself. The other babe was quick to follow as she knew what was going on. Just as the two women started going, the knock on the door interrupted them. The brunette was the one to answer the door. The redhead, however, took the opportunity to kneel behind her, hidden from plain sight, and play with her pussy as she talked to her husband, trying to send him away. When she finally managed, things went crazy. Eager to find a safe spot, the girls went to the bedroom where clothes finally went off. Naturally, the redhead took the initiative licking her babe all over and vigorously rubbing her pulsating pussy. Her tongue was lapping at her hole, licking, sucking up her juices. She licked her from pussy hole to across her ass. In long hard licks, her back arched with every touch of the tongue. From there on out, there was no stopping these horny lesbians. The girls took turns eating each other out and riding each other’s faces. They couldn’t stop tongue fucking their pussies, bringing each other to orgasm. Their husbands had never ate them like that, the sexual gratification the girls get from their husbands will never match that pleasure. At one point, redhead even grabbed a strapon to fuck the brains out of a stunning brunette before the girls both ended up losing their minds in multiple intense mutual orgasms. 