This naughty little Latina schoolgirl was feeling all hot and horny and she found the handyman to be a perfect subject of her kinky mind. Careless about him still inside her room and working, she stripped her tiny panties to play with her aching pussy. Teenie cutie was trying her best to be quiet while rubbing her soft clit, but it was just a matter of time before he turned around. Naturally, the moment he did, he took out his phone and started recording. After all, there was a stunning, petite nubile wearing the sexiest schoolgirl skirt and shirt, masturbating pantyless right in front of him. It took her just a second to notice him staring so she jumped in front of him on her knees and pulled his pants down. She pulled a massive, throbbing boner out and started admiring him, not caring whether her dad will hear or bust in. Hungry for that meat, she immediately started slobbering all over it. Her little mouth could barely fit anything at first but she was trying her best, choking and gagging on it. Already dripping wet, at one point she just turned around and bent over, giving him perfect access to her smooth cherry. He instantly grabbed her butt and shoved his member all the way inside. Wanting to have a taste of her, he pulled out and licked her all up before turning the schoolgirl on her back to ram her even harder. It was becoming increasingly difficult for her not to scream but she did her best. His huge cock stretched her tiny hole so good and she had to put her hands over her mouth so her father didn’t hear her moans. He held her hips and moved her petite body back and forth and in circles in time with his upward movements, feeling her tiny slit clench and unclench his cock. Constantly switching positions and getting ravaged by his monster made her let out an occasional scream before grabbing something to bite and cum yet again. Having fucked her brains out, he rewarded this little teenie with a massive load of cum. Needless to say the father walks in on the guilty couple and freaks out. 