This sexy babe had a sleepover with her two friends. She invited them over for a pajama party; romantic movies, popcorn, pillow fights. But the girls had no idea that her pervy neighbor was spying on them. He sneaked in to get a look at the girls. He was hiding between the pillows when the girls caught him. All hell broke loose and the party ended abruptly… leaving a horny and pissed host to teach her neighbor a lesson. If he is so obsessed with her ass, she will give it to him! She grabbed the back of his head with one hand and pushed her ass into his face! She started to rotate her hips in small circles, rubbing her ass all over his face. Then she pulled down her panties and spread her ass cheeks with both hands for him. Her ass cheeks were perfectly round and soft and spankable… and her tight little asshole swelled with anticipation. She pushed her ass onto him until his nose was pressed against her asshole! He couldn’t help himself and shoved his tongue up her ass! He tongue fucked her ass and her anus was pinching his tongue. After some ass rimming, this chick was already sucking his dick. Imagine a small, petite Asian babe with beautiful eyes, just sucking your dick. She loved every second of it, and it felt amazing for her. Hot naked teen sat on his dick and rode it like a fucking champ. She was moaning, rolling her eyes around, all while she was impaling herself on his cock. She was arching her back up and down, from side to side, enjoying his cock deep into her vagina. She felt it all, especially when it hit her G spot. Her ass meat bouncing up and own and his full length penetration her slit effortlessly. They fucked in missionary too. The only difference is that now, he stuck it in her asshole! His cock slipped up her ass in one good, ravishing push, all the way till her balls were smashed against her ass cheeks. She groaned and her asshole flexed tight around the base of his shaft. She just felt the pleasure, and you could see it on her face. She was, once again, rolling her eyes, while desperately opening her mouth, unable to say anything. The entire length of his fat cock was buried in her ass and it felt magnificent. It was so fantastic that both of them came from it, very intensely! We know now that this neighbor will get more punani from her in the future because this babe was ecstatic! 