A dashing young brunette wanted to have a relaxing time watching a movie with her boyfriend. However, her roommate was exercising at the same time and she some sexy yoga right in front of the two. She was this breathtaking Latina hottie with a killer, tight body who did all kinds of seductive stretches constantly grabbing the dude’s attention and getting in the way of her enjoyment. The boyfriend, particularly, was rather interested in her slender body frame and that firm, round ass. His girlfriend couldn’t take that for much longer and, at one point, had to send her roommate away rather harshly. She objected but went out of their way and ended up in the kitchen. Not long after, the boyfriend appeared behind her feeling all horny and frisky. She spanked the curly Latina and the look of satisfaction instantly appeared on her face. This young babe was immediately ready to go. Better yet, she had almost no clothes on. The guy simply moved her skimpy, red panties to the side and shoved his raging member balls deep inside of her. Seconds later, he was ramming his girlfriend’s roommate doggy style in front of an open fridge as she pushed against the door, trying to feel him as deep as possible. The two completely forgot about his girlfriend as the curly Latina was now pushing her bubble ass back onto him. That’s when his girlfriend dropped by and caught them in the middle of the act. Infuriated, she pulled her boyfriend away and forcibly grabbed the other chick, pulling her upstairs all the way to the bedroom. Once there, she pushed her to the bed and started getting rough. She bent the petite Latina over her knees and started spanking her ass as a punishment.   It didn’t take long before both of the girls ended up losing their minds in horniness. Spanking turned into erotic fingering as the guy sat on a nearby chair, watching the girls and jerking off. Two girls were in one big bed naked and kissing. Soon after, his girlfriend spread Latina’s slim legs wide to slobber all over her aching cherry. Both naked girls were now screaming in pleasure before taking things even further. Dominant girlfriend stood up to scissor her exotic roommate in a breathtaking standing scissoring pose. The naked girls were relentless fucking each other and there was only so much the guy could take before asking to join. The girls immediately pulled him to the bed and jumped on his raging hardon. He received the best double blowjob of his life. Being good friends, the chicks took turns choking on his dong and making sure it ended up being all wet and rock hard for their pussies. One long, passionate cock sucking later, and the brunette was already riding her boyfriend in a reverse cowgirl. The Latina was rubbing off of his tongue before it was her turn to ride that fat shaft. Things went wild as they fucked in every position imaginable. The naked girls squealed with delight and get on each other to let him pound their cunts in turns. The crazy sluts took turns sucking and riding him before he reached his limits and exploded with jizz. He told the girls to get ready. Two naked girls sat next to each other, smiling and furiously jerking his cock with their four hands until finally he groaned and squirted and a powerful shot hit hard in their faces and splattered them with cum. The girls started kissing and rubbing his sticky cum all over each other.