I’m fucking grateful for my friends, and they’re the real G’s. You see, recently, I celebrated my birthday. I expected a few friends, some beer, maybe something to snack, and that’s it. But, instead of my friends showing up with a six-pack, I received a knock on my door. It’s weird, these fuckers never knock, so I went to check who it was. Then, I saw her. A blonde chick in skimpy clothes, telling me how my friends instructed her to come to my door. Those fuckers ordered me a hot young slut! She came in, fucking started to seduce me, and it was like I was hypnotized. She whipped some oil out, and I poured it all over her perfect body. Now, oily like that, she was sensually dancing, touching herself, her wet pussy was on my face. It was fucking beautiful! Naked girl started rubbing the oil all over her firm ass, rubbing her ass cheeks and her bald cunt. But, I couldn’t wait anymore, so I whipped my dick out. I watched her as she slowly lowered herself down, on her knees, and took my cock in her mouth. Like a second later, nothing was sensual any more. She was fucking sucking me like a real whore! Sexy naked girl took my whole cock in her mouth, and she bopped her head on it, and I knew that she was experienced. She fucked her throat with it, and I was super grateful. Inside, it was soft, warm, and that almost made me cum. But she didn’t let me cum so fast. First, she jumped on my cock, twerking her cute little butt. Naked girl raised up and pushed her pussy hard down on me, twisting her hips around and around getting herself off. I grabbed her and pounded her so hard. It was wonderful! I flipped her over and showed her who the real player here is. I suddenly had her whole ass right in my line of sight as I was pounding her pussy balls deep. It was fantastic. Her young gorgeous oiled body was perfectly rubbing against mine, and her pussy squeezed and flinched every time I hit her G spot. It was maniacal. My balls were slapping against her wet labia. I could feel that she was close to an orgasm. And so was I. Her pussy lips were quivering. So, finally, I busted a fat nut. When it mixed with her oil and her orgasm, it was angelic. I loved every second of it, and it was like something that I dreamed of when I was a horny teenager. 