Raising a pretty slutty stepdaughter has its perks as well! You know, raising a stepdaughter from when she was little is a surreal experience. You watch a little person grow from a girl into a real woman. And that happened with my stepdaughter. Only, she changed a little bit. She became sluttier with years, and recently, it reached its ‘breaking point,’ even though that’s a wrong expression. She wanted to get my credit card recently while she was driving with me. She wanted that sexy new lingerie, and wanted me to pay for it. But I gave her a hundred bucks for the set, and that was not going to cut it. Good thing she knew how to get a couple more bucks out of her daddy. Like a second later, my dick was in her mouth. You should see her sucking on it, my god, she was beautiful. She has these light, blue eyes, and juicy lips, and a pretty tight ass. She was sucking on my dick, and it was like I lost my mind. She was deeply sucking it, practically fucking her little throat with it. I could even see my nut dragging in her hair, and that was it. I was so horny and relieved after busting my nut in her mouth that it didn’t matter. I gave her more money, so she doesn’t say anything to her mother. And I thought that was it. Later in the day, I found her in her room, dancing half naked, twerking in a pretty revealing bikini. My stepdaughter is such a slut! I found out that she shot sexy videos and sold them over the Internet. To raise more money I suggested we make a sextape! She liked the idea! Her followers were asking for a sextape for a long time. So, I immediately ordered her to take her clothes off, which she gladly did.   The young sexy girl was naked, legs wide spread, I pulled apart the close lips of her pussy and she placed my dick tip between two pink lips. Her young cunt was so tight around my cockhead! I pushed further into her tight hot hole. I could feel every inch of her warm pussy as it wrapped around my cock. Deeper and deeper I sank into her cunt until my balls were pressed against her ass. I held her slim waist, my movement was such that my big dick completely comes out, just between the lips of pussy and then it goes fully in her! I was pounding the shit out of her. I did it in missionary position, and I could see everything. My cock was going in and out of her teen pussy. Besides that, she also has a pair of small, but perky tits, and they look beautiful! They look stunning. Also, her whole body was fantastic, but her pussy was so juicy that my cock slid in and out balls deep. I put in the energy, and I fucked the shit out of her. You could see her pussy squeezing around my dick like a snake, trying to take it all in. That’s how much my slutty stepdaughter loved to get fucked. Then, when I couldn’t do missionary anymore, I flipped her over, and it was fucking beautiful. I started to fuck her in the doggy style, and that was it for me. Perfect pose for the perfect woman. My stepdaughter has a small, gorgeous ass, and her asshole looked so tasty that I was almost ready to eat it. I kept pounding her fucking pussy like a madman, and soon enough, I busted right inside. She loved the feeling of it, and that day was the day everything changed. Since then, she’s been fucking me for money and pleasure, and her mom doesn’t suspect anything.