A ravishing brunette hottie went to a clothing store looking to buy some new bras. The owner started taking her measures and helping out when she received an important call. Luckily, she had her husband go to the customer and help her out. As he entered the dressing room, she caught this bombastic babe with her massive jugs out, staring at him in surprise. He immediately rushed out but she was already all hot and horny for him. Just seconds later, the hot busty naked girl dragged him back into the dressing room for a personal fitting! Her hand grabbed his head putting it on her big tits so he could lick and suck them. He leaned down and started kissing her breasts and sucking on her nipples gently. “Oh yessss,” she moaned. He was rolling his tongue around one nipple and then the other, biting gently with his teeth. He never seen more perfect tits. He could just fondle them all day. Brunette bombshell wanted him to fuck her right there in the dressing room while his wife ran the store. Can we blame him? Who could pass up those big tits, smooth pussy and that juicy round ass? The hottie dropped down on her knees and pulled his rock hard schlong out. She couldn’t hide her surprise at the sheer size of it. Busty naked babe took a second to admire it before taking the rod with her luscious lips. She looked so beautiful with a huge cock in her mouth that he couldn’t help himself and had to start fucking her mouth. The customer was more than willing to submit to his desires and held the shaft firmly with one hand while choking on his length. She even took it between those large, round, firm breasts. The sensation was incredible, and he began to fuck her tits enthusiastically.   Busty naked girl smiled pressing her breasts together, enclosing his cock in a warm, wet, busty embrace. He tit fucked him before spreading legs for him to eat her out. He couldn’t believe he was fucking a sexy babe in his wife’s bra boutique. He touched the clit with his tongue lightly and heard her whimper. By the time they were done with foreplay, she was already dripping wet. He simply placed the tip of his cock next to her aching hole and forced himself inside. Withdrawing his member completely out of her cunt he slammed back in. Her loud moan of pleasure started the wife but the striking brunette expertly sent her away while getting banged behind the curtain. From there on out there was no stopping these two. They kept picking up the pace and changing positions in the dressing room. Her tits were bouncing with each thrust. Her tits really are amazing. He was grabbing her tits, sucking on each nipple. Her pussy clamped around the cock driving balls deep into her. Naked girl in the dressing room took a sneaky pounding in every way possible, cumming multiple times before he plastered her with thick loads of hot cum. Busty naked babe put his hot throbbing cock between her amazing boobs and watched as his sperm squirting all over her chest and face. Look at those tits. Wouldn’t you just love to stick your dick between them? Please comment.