My girl and I have good taste in chicks. Better yet, we love sharing them together. After one exciting night in the city, we picked a striking, young babe who was willing to go all the way. She was a tall and slender beauty with long, black hair. She immediately fit perfectly with my girl who was this foxy redhead. The fun started the moment we entered the car. The brunette sat in the middle, between the two, and neither of us could keep our hands off of her. When we reached the apartment, we immediately went to the bedroom. There, I watched the girls for a bit, making out on the bed. They looked stunning, teasing and kissing each other wearing those fancy, tight dresses. Not wanting to miss out on any of it, I approached with my throbbing member out. The girls leaned forward and started playing with it. The best double blowjob of my life started off slowly, as the two sluts went up and down the shaft, licking it all over. However, the action quickly escalated as the girls started taking turns deepthroating and gagging while swallowing my dick as deep as possible. I can’t even tell how long they sucked me off but, when they finished, they were both dripping wet. I wanted to bang the new chick first so she simply spread her legs and took me balls deep as my redhead rubbed her clit and kissed her passionately. Her tight pussy felt so good! It’s always so excited to have sex with a new girl. All men crave a new woman and a new pussy. I stared at my dick as it moved in and out of her beautiful pussy. I rammed her for so long that my babe had to mount her face, unable to wait. Then the girls switched and now she was riding me like a slutty cowgirl. The new girl pulled my dick out of my gf’s cunt and licked off all the juices! We continued fucking in every position we could think off and the girls kept licking each other even after I had exploded jizz in their lusty mouths. I stared at two beautiful faces licking cum off each other’s face and sharing my cum with their tongues. With cum dripping ouf of her mouth, the new girl spread my girlfriend’s legs and began to eat her out! 