The final exams are coming soon, and young college babes have to start learning their lessons. It’s easier when they are doing it together, but it’s so hard to concentrate! One of them is trying her hardest; the other is spreading her pussy and sending her dirty pictures. As they both laugh, one of the girls’ dad is in a separate room, which gives them the craziest idea. The girls are making out even though he is only a few feet away! After soft kisses, they are removing their bras and exposing their big tits. Her girlfriend settles her lips on her sensitive nipples and kisses them, then twirls her tongue around these pink nipples. But of course, they won’t stop there. She is loving the touch of her hand and her lower body is grinding against her hand as she allows her hand to slide into her warm pussy. The young lesbians had sex so many times before, but having sneaky sex is so exciting. The fact that they could be caught any time is driving the girls wild, as they raise the stakes. What started as a simple mutual masturbation now turns into pussy licking action. As one of the girls is spreading her legs, the other one is on her knees and doing the licking. Not a moment passes before a brunette checks her dad, but he is too busy doing the paperwork. He couldn’t even imagine that his sweet daughter is not only a dyke, but that she is doing it in front of him. The constant sense of danger is so addictive, giving her the adrenaline rush she never felt before. She looked down between her legs at her horny girlfriend working her tongue between her pussy lips, lapping her slit.   When the pussy licking is no more enough, the teen lesbians must think of something else that is even more exciting. But as dad comes to check them, they move to another room, so they can finally have some free time. Even though he is still around, this gives them a chance to get naked and do whatever they want ultimately. Pussy eating is what follows, as the inked lesbian cums for the first time while playing with her clit. Her lover then slides fingers inside her snatch and combines it with her tongue for even more pleasure. The taste of her pussy is what she likes the best, as she could do it for hours. Her girlfriend licks her pink clit, swirling her tongue orgasmically while her body spasms in pleasure. She tongue fucks her wet slit good, pushing her face as far as she can go moving her tongue in and out, in and out. Who would have thought that such sweet teens are lusty lesbians that would put any pornstar to shame? Their scissoring session is the crown jewel in this experience as the girls are so synchronized that they even come together. Their moaning fills the room, as they don’t even care if they will be exposed. They are in love, and this is such a natural thing that no one should be ashamed of. The lesbians take a turn eating each other’s pussy, and they both cum under each others soft tongues. Best study break ever. As the girls another round of intense orgasms, they finish their sex lesson with a sloppy kiss.