Now, what happens when you have three horny women, all in the same place? Well, you already know it, some hot lesbian sex. So, let’s get into the back story first. These two chicks wanted to watch a movie together, to relax, and spend some time together. The only problem is that one of them mentioned that she was going to invite her lonely step-mom. Her girlfriend was annoyed, complaining that she never left them alone. The stepmom was a horny, MILF-y brunette that looked beautiful. Later that night, the girls watched the movie together. The girlfriend deliberately sat between them, putting a blanket over all three of their laps. As they watched the movie, unbeknownst to her girlfriend, she began to finger her girlfriend’s stepmom under the blanket, slowly, but sensually. The woman was super confused, but she felt sweet from it, and the touches were sensual, and they were turning her on. She tried to stifle her moans of pleasure and was almost caught by her stepdaughter as her girlfriend continued the fingering. The little slut decided to get even more frisky and slipped her other hand between her girlfriend’s thighs under the blanket. She was now fingering two pussies, but neither one of the girls knew about the other. Wanting to eat some pussy the horny teen lesbians slipped under the blanket to lick MILF’s pussy! When her girlfriend noticed that something strange was going on under the blanket she threw off the blanket and stared at her girlfriend’s face into her stepmom’s cunt! You know it turned into some hot lesbian threesome. So, imagine these three babes, all crammed together on a single little bed! The whole action was genuinely fascinating.   You have the girls all slowly but sensually undressing, and now they’re naked. With clothes of the way, the girls all started to lick and suck on each other. The naked woman laid down, with one teen sucking on her juicy pussy, all while her stepdaughter was sitting on her face. You could see these three lesbians, all horny, with their red faces, working hard to satisfy each other. And, they also switched positions numerous times. You had fantastic boob sucking, fingering, touching, pussy licking, clit sucking, and everything else. These babes loved the feeling of everything, and they were all eager to cum and squirt. And the stepmom services the teens, tongue fucking both their young pussies. She divided her attention equally, licking and pleasing her stepdaughter that she loved, all while having fun with her girlfriend as well. There’s nothing better than a fantastic pussy sucking, and this MILF was lucky tonight! Imagine sucking on a fresh, wet pussy, and it’s beautiful. And you do it, all while someone else is sucking on you too. Wow this is the best lesbian threesome I’ve seen in awhile, non stop pussy eating passionately love it this is wonderful how all friends should be eating delicious yummy pussies. The three naked girls were, at this point, insatiable, all giving it their everything. They started to scissor aggressively, at least the mom and her friend. And, her stepdaughter was sitting on her best friend’s face! In the end, the daughter’s girlfriend only became a toy for them to please each other, and the lesbians used it until three of them could cum. It was glorious. And these chicks were pleased so much that they decided to repeat it all once again for sure!