There’s nothing better than pranks on clueless chicks. At least I always thought that. But, what if I told you that it’s better to prank them, then fuck the shit out of them? Which is what happened to me. My buddy and I met that babe and proposed her to win $100! She was beautiful, blonde, skinny, and looked like a true goddess. Unfortunately for her, she agreed, not knowing that one ballon was full of water. So, like a second later, she was soaking wet. I had no choice but to invite her to my house to dry off. In the beginning, she was pissed at me, but pretty soon, she started smiling. In the bathroom she just took off her shirt in front of me like it was nothing special. As I stood there staring at her tiny tits she said ‘Haven’t you never tits before?’ I couldn’t believe, in my bathroom there was a half naked girl I met just 15 minutes before. I have to admit, I like girls with small tits and looking at the blonde I felt my cock began to grow and harden. “You wanna touch them?” she didn’t need an answer, she just took my hand and put it on her breast. I stood there sensually touching her boobies. Then, like a moment later, she was down on her knees, swallowing my whole dick! And she knew what to do with it! She was simply fantastic! That’s because she was using her tongue and everything, to keep me satisfied. We moved to my bedroom, there she pushed me to the bed sitting on my cock with her pussy! I was fucking her and I didn’t know her name. She was pretty and she had a very sexy body. She was riding me like a true cowgirl. You could see her cute butt bouncing as she was impaling herself on my dick, grinding her clit on me, smiling at me over her shoulder. What a nympho! She turnd around and keep riding me. I pounded into her tight cunt as hard as I could. Her cute little tits were shaking in front of my face. My balls were slapping against her ass cheeks. She was so hot! We moved to doggy style, and the sight of her soft, but sweet ass drove me to madness. That’s why I instantly flipped her over again and busted the biggest nut ever, right inside of her tight pussy! I don’t know about you all, but I’d surely recommend pulling pranks on horny girls. 