Yes, this gorgeous girl is my submissive cum slut! I was always into BDSM. Ever since I first time saw it in porn, I had a dream of fucking a girl while treating her as my submissive obeying slave. I met this babe in a bar, and even though we didn’t speak directly about it, we both realized what our fetish is. She was so beautiful, with a slim body, fantastic ass, and adorable little tits. When she came to my room, I calmly told her to take her clothes off. She did as I said without saying anything. I put chains on her ankles and joints, holding them all together. She was on her back, completely helpless. I pull her panties to the side, and lightly rub the vibrator on her clit, causing her to cry out, causing the muscles of her anus to contract, making her squirm. After I made her cum with a sex toy I kept torturing her pussy with my mouth, sucking on her clit so hard that she came one more time in my mouth. I ordered her to open her mouth. She did as I said. I grabbed her hair and started fucking her throat. She could hardly breathe, but she didn’t try to take out the cock even once. She was gagging on it so much that lots of spit fell on the sheet. I released her so she could kneel and suck my cock. It was one of the best blowjobs I ever had. I laid her on the bad on her back, her legs pulled up and feet pointing to the ceiling. Her young tight pussy made me cum immediately. I came so much that my cum began to leak out of her cunt. The white sticky substance was running like a river from her pink slit. She began to work her muscles to push more cum to flow out of her vagina, it was just amazing to watch. I lay on the bad and let her sit on my cock so that she could ride it. Cum was still leaking out of her pussy. She was telling me to cum in her pussy, fill her pussy with my love cum! My cock was twitching like crazy, and the spasming in her pussy made me cum again, thrusting every load into her pussy, feeling it running from her, oozing down her thighs. I put her on all fours and fucked her as hard as I could, cumming and filling her cunt with more hot sperm. It was such a creampie that I had a feeling my cum will never stop coming out from her pussy. 