It sure is not a pleasant experience for mom and her daughter. The woman has a nasty habit of stealing things. As they went into a shopping mall, she did it once again, but this time, the security guard saw them. After stripping mom, he found that she stole a mask. Upon detainment, the suspects begin coughing, informing the security Officer that they may be suffering from coronavirus infection. As a result, the Officer dons a protective suit and conducts a thorough cavity search. He progresses to the more invasive portion of the search, making the women to get fully naked. As he is getting ready to call the police, the woman begs him not to do it, and makes a deal with him. Her teen daughter is ready to suck his cock in exchange for his silence. She is a cute teen with perky tits, a nice ass and a pussy that needs to be fucked. While her mom watches, he makes the girl get on her knees and pulls his cock out. “Come on. I’m waiting.” he says, waving his semi-erect cock in front of her face. Even though it is disgusting to touch his prick, he orders her to open her mouth and take it in. “Has your mom ever taught you how to suck a cock?” The girl can’t believe she has to take his dirty prick in her mouth! She has never done anything like that before. Finally she forced herself to touch his cock with her lips. Naked girl looks up at him with an expression of great disgust on her face, as she slowly touches the head of his cock with her tongue. Her mom has left by now as she couldn’t watch her cute daughter being treated like the cheapest whore. Now the Officer finally can show a shy teenage girl what a real blowjob is! Holding her head he begins to fuck her mouth with his cock, making her gag in disgust. “Come on, suck it, suck my cock! open your mouth baby…” That cock is so fat that she is barely able to have it all inside her mouth.   A minute later, the naked girl is bent over the table and he is inserting his prick into her pussy from behind. It feels so good, it is warm, wet, and tight, amazing! The girl can’t believe what’s going on! Some old pervert is divesting her of her innocence with his dirty pecker. It hurt a bit at first, but soon enough, her tight pussy adopted. Of course, she has let college boys touch her there, but this is the first time that a real cock is inside of her. But that is only the beginning! Soon enough, the girl is riding that cock reverse cowgirl style. “I fucked so many girls.. WITHOUT A CONDOM!” His hands are all over her innocent naked body, rubbing, exploring, feeling everywhere, gripping her ass, squeezing and roughly pinching her nipples. She closes her eyes and prays it will be over soon, she can’t wait him to finally cum and let her go, but the pervert keeps brutally fucking her, pounding his cock harder into her body. “do you like me bounce up and down on your cock?” He bends the naked girl over his knee and begins to slap her juicy ass. “do you like it? don’t you?” The old pervert wants her to say dirty words like “I need you dick back inside me” , “I want you to cum all over my face”. Whether she likes it or not, the girls keeps riding his cock, this time cowgirl style. She is doing this for her mom. When loads of cum get on her face, she can be sure that the security guard was happy with her performance, and will give them a free pass this time! No doubt she will tell her mother every single detail about what happened. Even though she is barely able to walk this will be their little family secret.