A beautiful MILF brunette works out regularly to stay in shape. She has a fantastic body, and her tits are stunning. She is very kinky, naughty, and an exhibitionist, too, since sometimes she even enjoys showing her boobs in public and jumping so they could bounce up and down. One day, when she came home from running, she saw her son and his black friend. She always had fantasies about a black cock and sex with a young guy. She walked in and gave him a warm hug, pressing her big tits on his chests. Her son found it to be a little awkward. She went upstairs to take a bath after a workout, while the boys left in the kitchen. However, just a few minutes later, her son’s friend sneaked upstairs. He quietly went to the bathroom and saw her laying naked in the bathtub. His heart was beating so hard in his chest. He looked at her beautiful naked body. Her pussy mound was trimmed into a triangle above the puffy and bare lips. Her sexy belly moved slightly under the water. Her firm tits floated to the surface of the water like buoys. Not wasting any time, he took off his clothes and got inside the tub! He put his hand under the water grabbing his erection. He gently started stroking his cock, which was already peeking from the water. Suddenly, his friend’s mom woke up. She got very nervous and upset and wanted to walk out. However, he didn’t let her and told her that her son had gone, so that they were alone now. He slowly started rubbing her shoulders. After shock and hesitation, little by little she relaxed. She could feel his body, his hot penis under the water, she felt like she was young again, all those guys with whom she made love when she was a girl. Her husband didn’t pay attention to her anymore. She just wanted some love. The effect was perfect. She got hornier and hornier with each passing second. His friend’s naked mom turned to him and kissed him on the lips! Finally, since they were already naked and kissing, she decided to go all the way to the end. She wanted to have sex with him. She wanted to suck his cock.   She wanted to do all those nasty things young people did, she knew young girls even let the guys fuck them in the ass. A cock in the ass? Why not? She started sucking his cock and got even hornier than she was. She swallowed in the back of her throat. She looked up at him, sucked his huge black dick, smiled and hummed. “Hmmmmmmmm…” She liked the fact that she was a middle-aged MILF who is such a slut that she sucks her son’s black friend dick. After she gave him a beautiful blowjob, she arched her ass towards his face. He started licking her butt hole and slowly putting his finger in it. Once he relaxed her enough and prepared her ass for fucking, he let her sit on his dick. She enjoyed it so much while she was feeling his big, hard, black cock sliding through her butt hole. He started spanking her wet naked ass to make her feel like a slut, and she liked it very much. Naked woman spread her ass cheeks with both hands as wide as she could so she could ride his dick better. The feel of his thick cock stretching her anus felt so good, she was pushing her ass down hard and fast, wanting it all inside her. The cock was already gliding so good. After that, like a filthy slut, she started sucking his dick again and made such a mess by spitting on it over and over again. Friend’s mom lay on the edge of the bath and he kept pounding his cock into her ass, pushing his full meaty length balls-deep into her sexy ass! Finally, he came on her pretty face, after which she put it back in her throat, to make it all clean from the cum.