Two girls came to spend a night in a hostel one time. It happened so that they were supposed to share a room with a mature man. However, he was so reckless that he streamed porn on his laptop and started touching himself, without even bothering to turn off the sound. Still, the girls didn’t mind that at all. On the contrary, they asked him why is he watching porn if there are two hot babes in his room. They pulled down their shorts and showed him their asses. They were both so lovely and tempting. The two firm butts looked absolutely amazing. The dude approached them and the girls pulled their panties down showing their pussies. He slipped two hands into their panties and curled two fingers up and into their holes. He gently started kissing with one babe, and then with her friend, while the girls were all standing in the middle of the room with their pants down. One babe “broke the ice” by kneeling and starting sucking that man’s cock. Soon her friend kneeled too and started licking his balls. He literally fucked their mouths with his cock. Then he left one leg so one girl could lick his heavy balls from behind. After they shared the cock, the naked girls arched their cute little asses so he could lick their butt holes and pussies. The girls were lying on their backs next to each other and he took turns licking their wet cunts. They were both so horny and eager for cock. He put his cock into one girl and fucked her so hard that she squirted around his cock. Her friend was there to lick all the juices! When she was busy lapping at her squirting pussy he came up from behind and inserted his cock into her. What a lucky man! This is every man’s fantasy to have sex with two hot teens at once, shoving the cock into their young wet pussies, licking their slits and letting the girls play with the cock and balls.   While they were fucking with him, they always kept eye contact with each other, except when he was fucking their head, so his balls were going directly to their eyes. He fucked them both, one at a time. One of the sluts was so horny that she even fisted herself while he was licking her ass hole, and her friend was sucking her tits. She managed to stick a whole fist in her pussy! He was spanking them and calling them “daddy’s little girls,” and that is a role which they enjoy being in so fucking much. The girls adore when an older man grabs their hair and squeezes their face while fucking them, because it makes them feel so sluty and submissive. The naked girls couldn’t stop squirting and they were licking the cum of each other. While the man was fucking one slut, the other one stick her tongue in her butt hole. They enjoyed so much being so filthy, knowing that they are fucking in a cheap hostel with an older man who they have never met before. By the way, for the whole time, while they were fucking, the door remained unlocked so that anyone could walk in. Finally, they asked him to fulfill their fetish and cum into their panties so that they could feel the cum after they put them back on. He agreed and did what they asked. He wanks off and cums in both of their panties so they can wear his jizz! It was the wildest sex experience for that guy, and it all happened totally unexpectedly. As for the girls, they have already done lots of things like this. They are exhibitionists who adore each other precisely because they both love the fact that the other one is the same type of slut. My friends, I can’t upload the entire 50 minute video in full HD and 4K, so use the link under the video to download this amazing orgy!