This boyfriend has some exciting news to share with his young blonde girlfriend. He just got a job in a company where his boss is a famous fashion designer. It just so happens that his girlfriend is also an aspiring fashion designer too, and he managed to hitch a meeting for her with his boss. He also bought her a nice golden bracelet as a gift and she just loved it. However, things start going sour for the boyfriend after they actually meet the boss. Turns out that the fashion designer is this handsome muscular stud who is more than okay with getting some of that petite blonde ass. He sends a text message to someone in the office to call the boyfriend in and he leaves the two of them. The sexy blonde doesn’t waste time and she immediately jumps on the black dude and starts taking off her clothes. The bitch wasn’t even wearing a bra or panties, so she basically knew she was going to cheat. She’ll do anything for the position in the company, but she also wants some of that huge black cock inside her. Seems that her husband wasn’t able to please her properly. Either way, the dude takes the naked girl over the shoulder and brings her to the bedroom. He throws her on the bed where she sucks him off like a slut. Not only has she never seen a black cock before, she has never seen a cock that was so big. The babe is curious, amazed and so fucking turned on. She strokes his thick, long black cock, marveling at it. She gazes at it in wonder. Then the sexy naked girl fucks his cock with her mouth, trying to swallow it! All she wants is to be fucked on all fours. Doggy style is a very submissive posture, face down, ass high up in the air offered up to the big black stud. He penetrats her deeply, so deeply from that angle and it feels amazing. She is completely under his control, exactly where she wants to be. He then flips over so that he is on his back and the sexy white babe squats over him and sits on his huge black cock. She squeezes her cute little ass down on his cock. The little blonde whore is thrusting, grinding and riding him hard until she cums so hard all over it. He pulls out of her vagina and pushes his cockhead against her asshole, stretching her anus as he slowly fills her. She is loving every second, it is every bit as fulfilling as she has fantasized. She starts bouncing up and down, enjoying anal for the first, but surely not last, time. He fucks her from every position and ends up cumming all over her like the little blonde whore that she is. 