I am a busy college student, and I often need to study all day. That’s because I want to work hard, to finish school, get my diploma, and then find a steady job. I went out with my school friend to study, and she was super hot that day. She was wearing her schoolgirl uniform, with some adorable and attractive stockings beneath her skirt. She was from Italy and I saw FIGA in her notebook. I asked her what was figa and she explained to me that figa was a pussy in Italian. At the same time she spread her legs for me showing her bald pussy! She was not wearing any panties under her short plaid skirt. And, I couldn’t hold on, so I slowly slid my hand between her thighs to cup a perfectly smooth pussy. I felt her lips growing wet from my touch. I moved my fingers along her pussy slit up and down, then spread her pink lips with two fingers, looking inside her vagina. She saw that I was hard, looked me in the eyes and smiled. She set her notebook aside, unzipped my pants and pulled out the steel rod that was waiting. We were outside, in the college courtyard but that did not stop her from sucking my dick right there and then. This chick looked beautiful, and it turned me on so much. Imagine her plump lips on my dick while she’s swallowing it like a real hoe not ignoring the cars that drove by. All this time, she was looking at me directly in my eyes, with her super cute glasses too. I immediately turned her over and lifted her skirt above her waist. Her ass was plump and round! At first, I stuffed her pussy in the doggy style, and that looked fantastic. I just kept pounding her little pussy, all while her adorable ass is bouncing all over the place. That wasn’t enough for us, of course. I also banged her in the riding style, and she was my cute little cowgirl. Plus, I fucked her in the missionary position too! Everything was fantastic, and, believe it or not, we did it all out! I have no idea whether we like each other romantically, but I sure as shit need to fuck her again! 