When it comes to creativity, nothing beats a college chick trying to get money to go on a fabulous spring break vacation. These three sluts devise a perfect plan so that they can go to tropical destinations just like their friend who posts pictures online with her sugar daddy. They were in PE class and the coach seems like he is loaded from his college salary. He definitely has enough to finance their trip, if only they found a way to make him pay for it. They think up a perfect plan to blackmail him in a compromising position as he fucks them one by one. First, one of the three of them goes up to him and tells him that one of the girls hurt her ankle in the locker room. Second, the girl will be there waiting with her ankle, grabbing it and pretending to be hurt so that they can get him close enough to make him horny. Third, the last girl will be hidden behind the trash can, ready and waiting to catch it all on video. Finally, they spring into action and get to work. It all goes perfectly, and the bitches start grabbing the coach’s cock while the third one films them from the corner. The dude doesn’t figure it out and the girls suck him dry for a solid few minutes before he realizes that he’s being filmed. He realizes what’s going on and he figures, since he’s in this already, he might as well let it happen all the way.   He’ll get them what they want, but right now he’s going to enjoy the moment and go as far as he can with them. The first thing he does is get the third bitch to get in the action as well. The babe makes out with the coach for a bit and then she takes out her tits for the coach to grab, fondle, grope, play with, and even suck on and lick. Finally, he’s done playing games, and he’s ready to start drilling these little bitches. He wants to make sure to do it hardcore so that at least it’s going to be worth all the trouble that they might get him in going forward. He takes off all their clothes and starts fucking the naked college girls one by one in various positions. Every day he sees all these sexy teenage girls and now he knows exactly what he has to do with these whores. He took them from the front, from the side, and even from the back. The best part for him was when he put all three naked girls in a row and bent them over and fucked them one after the other in any way that he wanted to. He got to stick his cock inside their pussies and the girls loved every second of it. Finally, he couldn’t go any further after fucking them for a really long time and he just ejaculated. They sucked his cock all together until he sprayed them down in semen. Looks like Coach is going to have to shell out some big bucks to keep this all a secret.