Ever since she became pregnant, her libido has been out of control! During pregnancy her vaginal lubrication, blood flow to the pelvic area and the sensitivity of her breasts and nipples increased. The problem is, her husband is afraid to harm the baby and refuses to have sex with her. The couple sits in the hospital, where another couple is waiting for their gynecologist to call them up. They strike up a conversation and the wife immediately starts talking about how horny she has been lately since she has gotten pregnant, but the other couple is just weirded out by this. However, the husband of the other girl seems to be okay with it and it doesn’t take much to lure him away from his wife for a quickie. The horny wife gets up to go to the bathroom and winks at the other guy to follow her. He gives an excuse and they go into an unoccupied ordinance where they can have some privacy. The dude is acting stupid asking her what she’s doing, but he already knows that what he is about to do is cheat on his other pregnant wife who is out there in the waiting room with her husband. She whips out his big dick and sucks on it like a nympho. She is pregnant and that causes her a high sex drive. She gets on top of him and starts riding him, covering her mouth so as to not make too much noise so they don’t alert the people in the waiting room. It seems that they’re successful, and their little fuck expedition goes off without a hitch. Watch her big breasts, her amazing tits, bounce as she rides him. She is grinding herself down onto him pushing him deeper into her, feeling his hot cock deep into her vagina.   The sex is so hot, and the position is fun to watch. The dude cums for her and the bitch is more than pleased about it before returning to the waiting room. His cum is leaking out running down her legs. Their spouses have no idea what just happened in the nearby room. Finally, the gynecologist comes in and calls up the horny wife and her husband to the room. Eventually, she tells her husband to wait outside since she needs to talk to her gynecologist alone. The doctor asks her what she wants to talk about and she says that she needs a prescription for vitamin D. The doctor is a bit confused, but she elaborates that she needs to take a shot of cum, and she needs it stat. The gynecologist is taken aback by this, but when she spreads her pussy for him and starts rubbing her throbbing clit, the dude just can’t help but go up to her and start licking her pussy. It’s a little bit weird because another man just came in there a few minutes ago. He quickly push his hard cock into her cum filled pussy, hammering away. This is the second stranger that the horny wife has been pleasing today with her husband on the other side of the wall, and she doesn’t feel any regret about it. She would probably fuck more dudes if they were available, but she’ll take what she can get. Naked pregnant woman begins to ride the doctor hard, her round, milk filled breasts bouncing in front of him, hypnotizing him. The doc cums and the babe is really satisfied with it. Pregnant wife keeps cheating on husband with multiple strangers right under his nose and everybody cums in her.