Vera is a lovely but spoiled girl. She was raised by her mother, who is barely 20 years older than her, so she looks adorable and attractive. Her mom has short hair, big breasts, and she is generally a very sexual person. Her mom changes boyfriends pretty often, and usually, she dates guys who are younger than her, who look handsome and have a big dick. She doesn’t intend to get married. She just wants to fuck really hard and regularly. One day, while she was getting ready for sex with her newest boyfriend, she told him to go to her daughter and ask her to clean her room. When he came to Vera’s room and told her what her mother said, the little slut just smiled and showed him her bare boobs. Her tits were large and soft, with large areolas. The guy was confused and just walked out. He tried to put what he had witnessed out of his mind. But her young big tits were so tempting. He just couldn’t help thinking about his girlfriend’s slutty daughter. Since his girlfriend needed some more time in the bathroom, he came back to Vera’s room. When he stepped inside, he saw the teen girl inside the dollhouse, with her ass facing him. He approached her, moved her panties aside, and slowly started to lick both her pussy and her ass hole! The little slut just smiled, feeling his lips and tongue caressing all over her pussy and ass. His dick was so hard, he stuck it in her pussy and began fucking her in the doggy style. Vera was so happy that her mom’s new boyfriend was fucking her. His cock felt amazing sliding balls deep into her. He fucked her faster and harder, her tits were swaying wildly. Girl took off her pajamas and lay fully naked on her back on the floor.   Young naked girl spread her legs and played with her boobs while he was fucking her in a missionary pose. After that, he lay on his back, and young busty babe sat on his dick and rode it. Seeing such a hot babe cumming all over the cock with her beautiful big tits swaying in your face is such a beautiful sight. He reached up and took one in each hand, gently squeezing and kneading her boobs. At one point, the guy heard his girlfriend coming, so he pushed Vera into the dollhouse. He jumped on the bed and started stroking his cock like it was nothing special. Vera’s mom came into the room in high heels, underwear, and a black gauzy blouse. She looked so tempting and swallowed the story that her boyfriend stroked his cock because he was getting ready for her. She lay on a bed and started giving him a blowjob. Vera was still in the dollhouse, and she was playing with her pussy while watching her mom sucking a dick that was in her pussy just a few minutes ago. Then she watched her mom getting fucked by her boyfriend. He was so turned on by that sneaky scenario, he had never fucked her so hard before. Pounding into her like a madman he fucked her in a cowgirl, reverse cowgirl, and a missionary position before he came all over her face. After he came, she didn’t even want to clean herself. She started talking with him with cum on her face. At that point, Vera came out from the dollhouse, still horny and still totally naked. From that moment, hers and her mother’s relationship reached a whole new level.