What happens when you’re a personal trainer with a pretty cute client? Well, usually, you have to put your feelings aside and shut up. But, in this case, this dude was ready to make some moves. So, after having an excellent gym session with a teen babe, he began to seduce her. The girl didn’t mind to take off her t-shirt and show off her tits, so firm, young, with puffy nipples. Then she got fully naked and let him take a look at her shaved pussy. Her teen pussy was so wet that her slit glistened, and her moisture practically ran down onto her ass crack. She was so wet that his hard cock was slipping in so easily, but her pussy was also clenching so tight on it. He started to bang her pussy in the missionary position right there in the gym. She was so small, petite, and her pussy was super tight. Because of that, this man lasted more than five minutes barely before cumming directly inside that tight and wet pussy. A thick gob of white sticky cum leaked out of her pussy! Even though this chick was now full of his cream, they still weren’t ready to stop. With cum dripping out of her pussy, the young naked girl went down on him to suck him. And she did it fantastically. She swallowed his whole cock, smeared with cum and pussy juice. And she loved the taste of it. She loved it so much that she banged that cock once again. This time, she impaled herself on it. Cum covered his shaft and ran down to his balls with every movement. Smack, smack, smack – cum ran out of her pussy and down his cock. And she liked the feeling so much that her legs were twitching. And even she couldn’t hold on anymore. After getting a second load inside of her, this trainer flipped her over. And put her on top of him. That means that, now, she was riding him like a real pro. And, of course, you could see how cum was dripping out of her young cunt. He busted another nut inside of her. He used her for the next hour, cumming in her multiple times, while she completely lost track of the number of creampies she had. With cum running out of her pussy, this babe was now full and satisfied, so she plopped right on him, with no energy left. 