Young girl came to Miami for the first time in her life, and she is so excited to have a wild and crazy time there. Her company was a tall, muscular, bald white guy, who seems like a real beast next to this little Asian beauty. She has a stunning slim body, adorable ass, small cute tits, beautiful feet, pretty face, and long colorful nails. While they were driving in a convertible next to the beach, she watered herself, showed her butt hole and her tits, and she even took out his cock and sucked it while he was driving. After a quick ride, they came to this gorgeous apartment with a beautiful view on the ocean and the whole city. That is when this little slut got turned on even more. She was so excited about being in Miami in such a luxurious place, and since she’s a natural slut already, she was willing to do literally anything to please her man. At first, they relaxed in a pool, where she sucked his giant dick and moaned like a real little nasty slut. She didn’t need much time to get entirely naked. They got out of the pool. He lifted her up. Holding her petite body with his hands he positioned his dick under her and lowered her down. Somehow he managed to get his entire cock to fit inside her little pussy. He stood motionless as the small naked girl moved up and down pushing herself onto his shaft, FUCK YES! Then he lay on his back, and the naked girl sat on his dick and started riding it. He was spanking her cute little ass to make her feel even slutier. After a while, they changed position to a reversed cowgirl, so he fucked her like that as well. She was moaning loud, his cock was just so big for her tight pussy.   However, that wasn’t enough for neither of them, so he moved the dick from her pussy to her ass hole. Her ass hole was so tight, and his dick was so hard and big, but it managed to get in. Look at that big cock stretching her little ass! Her desire to have her ass fucked was so huge that she neglected the little pain at the beginning. She put her beautiful little bare feet on his thighs and started bouncing up and down with his hard dick in her little butt hole. She was a greedy anal slut that only cared about one thing, feeling his big cock fill her ass and then pound her to orgasm. Soon after that, he even grabbed her beyond her head and, at the same time, put her feet high up in the air and fucked her like a puppet doll. He was so strong, and the girl was so tiny that he could do anything he wanted with her. Her butt hole was totally fucked, and his dick was already going in so smoothly and efficiently. He cradled her petite body, pulling his cock back until it was almost all the way out, and then pushing it back in with a hard thrust. This babe may be small, but boy, can she take a massive dick! He put her on aside, grabbed her hair, and bang her as hard as he could. She was screaming with joy and pleasure. In the end, young naked girl put his huge dick into her mouth again, right after he took it out from her ass hole. He released his load into her mouth.