A brunette and a blonde are two nasty, attractive young girlfriends who adore having sex together, whether it is just them or with someone else. The brunette has a dark tan and tattoos on her stunning body, while the blonde has a light tan, tattoo, big boobs, and piercings on her nipples and navel. The babes both have a gorgeous ass and adorable feet, with summer colors on their nails and toenails. One day, they were pleasing each other by sticking a two-sided dildo in their pussies and jamming on it. However, that was just a foreplay for what came later, and that is a nasty threesome with a handsome stud on a couch. He showed up, naked, with a rock hard dick and ready to satisfy. He sat between the girls, and they sucked his cock one by one. They were literally trying to prove which one does it better. They were both so horny and voluptuous. The blonde put the cock in her mouth, and the brunette grabbed her hair and jerked the cock while it was in there. At the same time, she was licking balls. The girls were happy to share his cock in a double blowjob. Just imagine these two mouths met, sharing a sloppy kiss, tongues wrapping around the throbbing length of your cock. The guy felt like he was in heaven. Later, while one of them was riding the dick, the other one was kissing her or sucking her tits. The hot naked brunette had an incredible body – slender legs, a great round ass, the best pair of tits and a pussy that most men would literally kill to get their cocks in.   This is so intense watching her sliding up and down this guy’s hard throbbing dick. His balls and her ass cheeks met slapping against each other. The babe began to twerk her ass, making her buttocks rise and fall very fast, extremely erotic! The other babe did not lose time and sat right on his face with her wet cunt, smearing his face with my pussy juice. Fucking one cunt and eating out one more wet hole, what could be better? The girls switched to another position, in which the girl that was being fucked also licked the other chick’s wet pussy. The dude made sure to give both girls equal time riding his dick, and the they kept both their mouths busy on each other’s clit and tits. He also fucked them both in the doggy style, and when the time came for the blonde to ride the dick again, the brunette stuck her tongue in her filthy butt hole! The blonde enjoyed so much riding the dick while, at the same time, her ass hole was being licked. The brunette licked both her asshole and his balls that were slapping into the blonde’s cunt, awesome! Both hot naked babes cummed on his cock so much that the couch was soaked. Finally, he came on their faces and the girls licked it all up from each other. Both ladies love to share so much, they share a big facial load and end it with a lovely French kiss.