When she was 18 years old, Scarlet’s mom taught her how to have sex with a woman. It is basically like a family tradition since her mom was taught by her mom. Anyway, the fact that she practically lost her virginity with her mom helped Scarlet to feel more comfortable and free about her sexuality. Since then, she is a very open-minded girl who loves and enjoys lesbian sex a lot. A few years later, Scarlet’s mother, who still looks gorgeous, remarried, so Scarlet got a stepsister. She is just a few years younger than she, and a few days ago, her step sister turned 18. It was time for her to be taught how to fuck. However, Scarlet’s mom still didn’t make any move towards her stepdaughter. On the other hand, Scarlet did. One day in a kitchen, she got so close to her stepsister that the sisters would probably kiss if Scarlet’s mom didn’t get in. The teen girl walked out to set up the table, and the MILF told Scarlet that as their mother it was her responsibility to teach them about sex. They finally agreed to do it together. In the dining room mom and big sis proceed to teach little sis about lesbian sex! First she must be familiar with her own body. Scarlet was used as a test toy. The mom explained to the teen that one of the essential parts of a female body is the tighs since that is where lots of nerves go through. She touched Scarlet’s sensitive tighs and then her boobs and asked the teen girl to do the same, which she did. All three of them had such beautiful nails. Scarlet enjoyed being touched by her mom and her stepsister. She took off her panties, and her pussy was very wet. The mom showed her stepdaughter how to find the clitoris and how to lick a pussy properly. Mom spread the girl’s pink pussy lips, slowly sliding her tongue into the wet slit. Ooh, her young pussy tasted so good.   The younger sister was just sitting there watching the mom tongue fucking her step sister. She licked Scarlet’s pussy just like the time when she was teaching her to fuck. Then mom proposed to all of them get fully naked. Scarlet bent over, putting her bare ass high up in the air, and her mom started licking her butt hole, working her tongue all over her both holes from behind! Finally she invited her stepdaughter to lick sister’s pussy, which she did. Scarlet felt so good while her mom was licking her ass, and her stepsister was licking her pussy. After that, the teen girls kissed, and at the same time, they felt some huge chemistry between them. The naked girls lied in pose 69, and while they were licking each other’s young pussies, their stepmom was there to help them. The lesbians groaned softly in each other’s pussy. Mom continued to make out with the girls, teaching them how to lick asses and eat their wet pussies. Suddenly, they all reached their orgasm at the same time. The woman collapsed breathing heavily, two naked girls kept sucking on her both breasts.