I’m lucky enough to have this gorgeous babe for a girlfriend. She’s a real stunner. A ravishing brunette with thick curves and the pair of massive, round, supple breasts with pierced nipples is something anyone would want. Add some sexy tattoos to the mix and you get a feast for your eyes. As a cherry on top, she has an insatiable appetite for sex. She is always so hungry for my dick she’ll masturbate relentlessly until I give her some. That’s how I found her this time. She started on her back. Her legs were spread on the bed and she had those sexy panties pulled to the side. There’s no slow and sensual for this hottie as she was already vigorously fingering her dripping wet snatch. You could hear those seductive moans on the other side of the house. Unable to contain herself, she turned on her belly to lift that amazing ass in doggy style pose and continue rubbing herself that way. That’s when I had to approach her with my massive schlong out. Without a word, she approached me, grabbed the shaft, and started slobbering all over it. She was aching for it so hard she immediately started deepthroating and choking on it. Just seconds later, and my precum was already spilling all over her slutty mouth as she drooled on my dong and all over the floor. I watched that beautiful face with nose piercing gobble my man meat all the way to the balls. She simply loved choking on it and losing breath so I helped out by forcing it even deeper down her throat. Already glistening wet and pulsating in pleasure, her pussy was ready to take me all the way. She went back into doggy and I shoved it all the way inside.   One prolonged exhale of pleasure later and she was already screaming and begging for more while going back and forth, trying to impale herself as deep as possible. Her ass cheeks were bouncing like crazy. Wanting to fuck her brains out, I kept switching between holding that dark, curly hair and those thick hips while ravaging her as hard as possible. Every time I made her cum by ramming her doggy style, she’d only pick the pace up and continue riding me faster. I do love girls with a big ass! Wanting to spice things up, we decided to try all kinds of different positions. But, before that, she went back to having my rod in her tight throat. Swallowing my member once again, she was now tasting her juicy pussy all over it. One cowgirl ride later, and I was already plastering her perfect face with my thick load. I have to admit that my babe looks very sexy with the wads of his cum on her lips, cheeks, and eyes. However, the fun was far from over. We ended up in the bathroom where she went to take a shower but quickly switched to masturbating again, this time all soaped up. The moment she finished and left the shower all cleaned up, she bounced back on my dick right there on the bathroom floor where I kept ravaging her shaved cherry relentlessly to no end.