Having sex with one little slut is hot but having sex with two hot teen girls is mind blowing! These two petite and playful blonde teens made it a game to try and seduce older, married men. Just another exciting weekend for two lovely and horny young lady friends who just “happened” into a convenient husband situation with the wife out of town. They started things off by fooling around with each other in an outdoor pool, knowing the guy was watching them from a nearby balcony. A couple of mysterious messages later, and he found the mischievous teeny couple on the stairs. One blonde beauty was standing with her slim legs slightly spread while the other was kneeling in front of her, passionately eating her tight, shaved pussy out. She stood up the moment she saw him, kissed her cute partner, and then both of them approached him to seal the deal. He stood there silently as, this time, both girls went down, pulling his pants and shorts. Seconds later, his raging boner was out and two young blondes were taking turns gagging on it and slobbering all over that thick shaft. He made sure to throat fuck both of them before licking their young wet pussies. As one bent over and he proceeded to lick both of her tiny holes, the other kept deepthroating his rod, making sure it remained rock hard and all slippery. She ended up between the two, simultaneously sucking cock and licking pussy. That’s when he finally entered the standing teen from behind. Initially, he went slowly, stretching her and going all the way into her tight cunt. Moments later, however, he was ramming her vigorously and listening to her moans in pleasure as she licked the other girl’s perky tits. From there on out, there was no stopping these two sluts. He kept picking up the pace and going harder with every passing moment. Naked girls took turns riding his monster and screaming on it. They also kept licking and rubbing each other, cumming many times before making the guy cover them in cum. Why couldn’t a great threesome with two young sluts like that have ever happened to me? 