Believe me, there is no better sex with your partner than when you are in love. This isn’t one-night stand kind of fuck. Just take a look at this couple from Russia, the way they express their love for each other! One day, he gave her expensive earrings and she thanked him by sucking his cock. Smiling she opened her mouth, cupped his balls and started working her head up and down to get his big hard dick in her throat. I’d love nothing more than to watch this babe staring up at me with her big, blue eyes with my hard cock in her beautiful mouth. Oh my god, she works her lips and her tongue so fucking good, the thought of cumming in her mouth is amazing. She loves having sex with her boyfriend. She is beautiful. You can’t tell what is nicer: her delectable face, lovely body, mesmerizing ass, gorgeous feet – every single part of her is so fucking stunning. She is very slim, her makeup is perfect, and her nails are so tempting and feminine. She is pure perfection when it comes to beauty. Another day, she wanted to surprise her boyfriend, so she bought some incredibly sexy underwear for herself to wear it for him. Those were red stockings, with black bra and panties. Her boyfriend came as a gentleman because he brought her flowers. He knew that his girlfriend is the kind of girl who, the more you treat them with respect before sex, the more they will want to behave disrespectfully during sex. She took off her bra before they even started having sex and bent over her ass towards him. He took off her panties, too, and started playing with her beautiful pussy. It was so wet and juicy.   He stuck it inside her from behind and began fucking her in the doggy style. She turned her face back very often, smiling at him. After that, they switched to a missionary position. His sexy girlfriend lay on her back, spread her legs, and put her cute little feet high up in the air. While he was fucking her, she was rubbing her clit. After he fucked her well, he took out his cock and put it in her mouth. She didn’t move at all, keeping her legs spread and her pussy wide open. She was so voluptuous and wicked, literally like she couldn’t wait to have that dick in her mouth again. When she gave him another magnificent blowjob, the hot naked babe lay on her stomach, and he rested on her and began fucking her again. He enjoyed watching her breath-taking body in front of him almost as much as fucking her. Finally, he stood up, and she kneeled in front of him in her sluty red stockings. She opened her mouth and put her tongue out, waiting for him to cum on her face. He shot a massive load, and almost half of it ended up down her throat. The other half ended up on her face. She swallowed it like an excellent cock-sucking whore. Here’s what kind of girlfriend every guy wants!