The months spent in the quarantine may be hard and tedious for many people, but not for me. It is due to the fact that in the quarantine, I was locked with my perverted, horny, stunning, and always naked stepsister. She is a real nympho, meaning that she walks around naked with a mask and gloves on. Since her boyfriend got a little freaked out because of the coronavirus, she became even more desperate for cock. Once I walked past her room and she asked me to give her one of her dildos. I went into her room and saw her on the bed, fully naked as usual, with her legs spread open and trying to cum with her sex toys. I gave her the dildo and I was about to leave when she called me and asked me to tick my cock in her mouth! With a cock in her mouth she could cum faster. I pulled over my cock, approached her and her hot mouth enveloped my cock. She began to suck my cock like a tasty lollipop. Then she swallowed my whole dick. She kept lying naked on her bed and touched her pussy. She was blowing me and fingering her pussy, pushing my pleasure over the edge until I couldn’t help cumming in her mouth! Even though I liked it a lot, I still didn’t want to fuck her, because… Well, she’s my stepsister. I walked out of her room, but not much later, she asked me to help her make a film. She was still totally naked. I said yes again. She put the camera in a fixed position and asked me to lay on the floor on my back. I did as she said. She sat on my face and began to rub her pussy all over my face. Pink petals of her labia were caressing the sides of my nose as it slid along the opening to her hungry vagina. She started to hump my face with her pussy, soaking my face with her juice. This time it was her turn to cum in my mouth. The next day , when my naked sister came to my room, I knew that there was no way back. She had not had sex since the beginning of the quarantine. She so desperately needed to be fucked. So I let her sit on my cock. Her pussy was so warm and juicy as she slid down my length but she still felt tight. Her juicy full rounded buttocks were jiggling as they pumped up and off my cock. I banged her in a missionary position too, and she had a slutty smug smile on her face for the whole time. I came in her mouth, and she swallowed it like a thirsty sluty whore. 