A stunning brunette MILF hired a new guy to help out around her flower store. She had a special type of flower that captured a young guy’s curiosity. The MILF warned him not to touch anything but, when she left the store, he just had to grab one particularly kinky flower in the shape of a pussy and start fucking it with his schlong. Just as he was humping it, the owner came back, infuriated with what she saw. Read the signs Jordi, NO HUMPING. The guy desperately tried to defend himself, yelling how the flower was calling him, but the MILF had already devised a punishment. Forcing the young lad down on his knees, this gorgeous babe lifted her skirt up presenting him with her smoothly shaved pussy. Without wasting a second, he started eating her all out. Just seconds later, she was moaning in pleasure while riding his tongue and it wasn’t long before she was undressing completely. Wanting to have a taste of his young cock, they swapped and now she was the one slobbering on his throbbing boner. Wearing nothing but sexy glasses the naked woman was bobbing her head up and down, taking it as much as possible down her throat. That’s when they finally took it to the next step. The naked woman bent over and the guy went behind her, instantly shoving his member balls deep into her cunt! Hammering her doggy style he grabbed both her tits from behind. EAH! FUCK ME! FUCK ME! She groaned and pushed her ass back harder onto his cock. Her screams of pleasure were a sign he was doing it right so he just kept going, constantly picking up the pace. The dude laid down on the floor and naked woman impaled herself upon his dick. This busty beauty rode him like a slutty cowgirl, pushing her big ass up and down on his cock. He couldn’t help squeezing and kneading her massive boobs. YOUR YOUNG COCK FEELS SO GOOD! She rode him, her tits slapped against his face. Many different erotic positions later and the brunette was already losing breath from many orgasms before finally making the guy reach his limits and plaster her body with cum. 