A tiny Asian teen came to spend a few days at her friend’s house. My daughter was in school and I opened the door. I noticed the way she was looking at me, smiling. Then I had no idea she was that much of a slut. When she walked in, she asked me if she can take a shower. I said yes and showed her her room. I walked out, but kept the door open and started to spy on her. I saw it when she took off her top. I was fascinated by her cute little tits. She lay on the bed in her thongs talking with my daughter. She confessed to her that I am sweet and cute! I heard that and liked it as much as I loved her cute little ass, which, by the way, I took pictures of several times. Still, I left and came back downstairs. I lied on a couch in a living room and fell asleep. Meanwhile, the little slut got in touch with my daughter, who told her that she wouldn’t come home for at least two hours. That was a sign for this horny teen to have some fun with me. She came downstairs, wearing nothing but white socks, thongs, and a shirt. She woke me up by touching me with her feet. When I opened my eyes, she unbuttoned her blouse and showed me her gorgeous naked body. I couldn’t drag my eyes away of her pulling down her panties. She had a young and firm body with small tits, tight ass and a bald pussy. My daughter’s slutty friend was standing in front of me fully naked except for her white knee high socks. At first, I was shocked, but soon I got so turned on that I couldn’t longer resist. The naked girl got on the couch between my legs, teasing me with her cute little ass, so that her asshole and pussy were clearly visible. Her ass looked so perfect! “Please bang my little pussy, I’m such a slut!”   Naked girl got on her hands and knees, bending low to raise her ass high in the air. I took out my hard dick of my pants and a big smile appeared on her sweet face. The girl immediately put it in her mouth. I looked down to witness the moment my cock parted her puffy lips. She started sucking it like a bad little girl. Since I saw that she likes to be dominated, I grabbed her head and started fucking her deep throat1 She was gagging on the dick, whether she liked it or not, it didn’t matter to me, I was going to show that little whore what hardcore sex is all about. I fucked her mouth and she licked my balls with great pleasure! I wondered if all the girls from her school are such sluts? After a blowjob, the time came for me to try her pretty pussy. She was with her ass high in the air, waiting obediently for me to fcuk her. I moved behind her nestling my cock in the crack of ass. Then I pushed my cock into her tight cunt, making her gasp! Her young tight pussy felt like a vacuum as my cock disappeared into her. I began thrusting hard into her petite body. I fucked her in a missionary pose, in the doggy style pose, and let her ride my cock like a cowgirl. Little slut was so horny and loved the fact that she was fucking her friend’s dad. She adores mature men and pets when they treat her rough and fuck her hard. After I fucked her well, she kneeled in front of me, opened her mouth, and waited for me to shoot my load all over her. She swallowed as much as cum she could catch. 