I had the strangest luck of catching my slutty stepdaughter getting it on with her young and adorable friend. It appeared as if the girls were experimenting and they were all sensual and passionate. The brunette, who was this striking, long-haired hottie with sexy glasses was licking my stepdaughter’s tiny tits and I couldn’t help but notice how her pink nipples were already hard. As I confronted them, the brunette stood in defense of my little blonde, convincing me not to tell her mother. Soon enough, the girls were both all over me, feeling me up and getting me to quiet down. The girlfriend with glasses was the first one to bare her firm breasts back again and, not long after, went down on her knees while taking my already throbbing boner out. Without hesitation, she started passionately sucking me off while my stepdaughter sat next to us watching. A couple of moments later, the brunette told her to join and now I was receiving the best blowjob of my life from two breathtaking teenies. The girls took turns slobbering on my shaft and licking my balls and even my stepdaughter pulled her small tits out, revealing those lovely, pierced nipples. I had never been with two girls at once. Of course it is every guys fantasy to have a threesome with two girls, but when you are over 40 and have a wife, having two BEAUTIFUL babes on the cock at the same time is something incredible! My penis was having a happy father’s day for sure! One long cocksucking later, and the brunette was already straddling my dick for riding. My stepdaughter was sitting naked right next to her, playing with her friend’s pussy and breasts. A while later, the friend told me to fuck my stepdaughter! She was already waiting for her turn! She said she wouldn’t tell mom. After brunette licked her aching snatch all up, I entered her doggy style and started fucking her brains out. From there on out, I continued ramming the girls both, their perfect young pussies as they ate each other out and came numerous times. Two naked girls took turn riding my dick before I eventually exploded cum all over them. I loved watching the girls makeout while swapping my thick load between lips! 