This luscious little brunette hottie was over at my house looking to babysit my sister. We started talking and I remembered I knew her from back in school where she got expelled for going down and dirty with the whole football team! Lucky for me, some things never change because it only took her a couple of minutes to start asking me to feed her my nerd cock!!! At first, I thought she was joking, but that’s when she removed her top and bared a pair of magnificent, perky tits. Being a slutty babysitter, she used warm milk to pour it all over those boobs, inviting me to lick them. I quickly ended up making those pink nipples rock hard with my tongue. That was just the beginning as soon she stood up and turned around for me so that I could lick that juicy pussy. I had never seen a pussy before… at least, in the real life, not up close and all spread open like that. I squeezed her ass cheeks with my hands and began kissing her pussy all over, licking her slit, shoving my tongue up her pussy and sucking her clit into my mouth. I spread her ass cheeks wide open and there was her asshole, I began to lick it too, it was awesome! I jerked off so many times imagining how pussy would taste. Horny for my meat more than ever, the girl dropped down on her knees to cock me! I could not believe my luck! Her lips touched my sensitive cock and I thought I would cum right then and there. But I managed to hold off. My huge size didn’t scare her away and, instead, she immediately started deepthroating. There was no stopping this babysitter as she was choking and gagging while I fucked her throat balls deep. Her lipstick was smeared all over my shaft and it was glistening with her spit when she finally sat on it in a reverse cowgirl. My cock slid deep into my first pussy and I lost my virginity to my lovely, beautiful babysitter. That trimmed pussy slid all the way down and, seconds later, I was hammering her from underneath. Those lovely, perky tits were bouncing up and down before we switched positions. Now, the naked babysitter was bent over for me and I was pounding her doggy style. I have no idea how many times she came before I plastered her bubbly ass with my thick, white load. 