Once my dad remarried, we moved into a new family house. It was him, me, my new stepmom, and my new stepsister. My stepsister was in the early twenties, just like me, and she is, without a doubt, the hottest chick I have ever seen in person. I mean, she is stunning. She has a gorgeous body, long black hair, pretty face, adorable tits, a fantastic ass, and insanely sexy feet. Her skin is so gentle, and her appearance is beautiful. Since we needed lots of time to move all our furniture and stuff, the first night in our new home, my stepsister and I had to sleep in the same room. That was a little awkward since we practically didn’t know each other that well. Anyway, when I came back from the bathroom, she was already in her bed. She was barefoot and without any clothes, except from her thongs and her bra. I couldn’t stop looking at her. My dick was pulsing so hard that I had to take it out. I lay next to her and started slapping her butt with my cock. She turned around. It was when I realized that she took off her bra too while she was under the sheet. She didn’t care at all that I was starring in her tits, but she told me to go away. I asked her if she sleeps naked, why she wants me to leave, and she said to me that this is how she usually sleeps in her room.   I told her that in my room, I often jerk off every night before I go to bed, and continued stroking my cock while I was lying next to her. She told me that, since I am already jerking my cock, I could at least let her suck it. I was surprised, but when I saw how relaxed and chilled she is, I made her do it. She put it in her pretty mouth and started sucking it. By the way she was doing it, I could tell that she has already sucked many cocks in her life. While my dick was in her throat, I pulled down her panties. She was all naked, and I couldn’t decide which part of her body I wanted to grab first. Her beautiful tits and her gorgeous ass felt so good under my hand. She sucked my dick and licked my balls. A moment later I came in her mouth. She swallowed in surprise, which made her cough. Next day, she was expecting her boyfriend over. This time to get me to leave her alone, she let me fuck her tight pussy! I fucked her in a missionary pose and in the doggy style before she sat on my cock and rode it like a wild nasty cowgirl. Her boobs were bouncing like a couple of playful puppies. Finally, I told her that I want to cum on her face and on her tits. She fulfilled my fetish and let me do it. Once I came, she collected the cum off her tits and swallowed it. That is when I realized how nasty and perverted my stepsister is.