A breathtaking hottie with a killer body filled with sexy tattoos, pink hair, and a pair of tits to die for ended up stuck under the sink wearing nothing but her skimpy lingerie. That’s when her neighbor dropped by and caught her in a bad position. She asked him to help her out because her husband was being all useless upstairs. Instead of getting her unstuck, the neighbor started admiring the view and her ass wasn’t long before he made his move. Pretending to slip up, he poured some oil on her back, and, as the hottie was laying on her stomach, he started massaging her bubbly ass. Reluctant at first, the inked beauty quickly caved in. She got immediately turned on and he simply proceeded to vigorously rub her aching snatch. Soon enough, he was stripping her panties and dominant leaning over her, stroking his throbbing schlong off of her dripping wet cherry. The moment she started begging for his cock he shoved it ball deep inside of her and started ramming her from behind. She even managed to convince her husband not to come down only to continue getting ravaged by the neighbor. After finally breaking free from the sink, she stripped completely naked, leaving only her cleaning gloves on. He grabbed her tits, sucking them like I a starving man, licking her hard nipples with his tongue. She was just fucking hot. She wanted his cock in her mouth so bad. The wife looked incredibly hot and slutty as she licked and sucked his cock, giving him a great, sloppy blowjob. Continuously talking dirty, she was slobbering all over his member and she even put it between those huge melons for a steamy titjob. Such erotic oral and teasing only left her longing for more so she hopped onto his rod for balls deep riding. She started to bounce straight up and down, slamming herself hard on her neighbor. Wanting to feel each other in every way and angle possible, they stood up. He licked both of her holes before going back to ravaging her pink cunt until he covered her with loads of sticky cum. 