A guy came to his friend’s house to hang out but he was greeted by his gorgeous blonde sister who was all but annoyed with him and barely let him inside. Teasing about needing to have a babysitter, the tight, young blonde went to her room and left the guy to wander around and wait for his pal. He started strolling down the halls and, at one point, his curiosity got rewarded. Upon hearing suspicious noise coming from his friend’s sister’s bedroom, he went closer for inspection. That’s he saw the cutie through the crack in the door going all kinky in front of her laptop. With her slim legs spread and wearing a skimpy, tight, pink outfit, she was seductively teasing with her smooth cherry while talking dirty for her webcam. The guy couldn’t control himself for long and had to pull out his boner to jerk off while watching the show. At one point, she got particularly naughty. She fiddled with her lingerie for a bit before revealing her tight, little asshole. There she was, his friend’s older sister, who he had lusted for years. Teasing and playing with her pussy and ass, it wasn’t that much of a surprise when she turned around and caught her brother’s friend with his pants down, tugging on a raging hardon. Startled at first, she started yelling but he wouldn’t give in that easily. When he figured out she was a camgirl, he went inside and sat on the bed next to her. The sexy teen babe decided to make the best of a situation so she turned the camera back on and placed those luscious lips on his shaft. Since he was a dork and she got more attention camming with a guy, she decided to let him perform with her. Just seconds later she was passionately slobbering all over it, moving her head up and down in rhythm, trying to get his dick all wet and slippery. As time went on she was just picking up the pace to suck him off harder and faster. Unable to stop at a simple blowjob, they started escalating the situation.   Then the babe got on all fours with her beautiful ass pointed in the air. The dude began kissing her bubble ass all over, then helped her pull down her pink lacy lingerie. His friend’s sister was fully naked, on all fours with her amazing big fat ass spread in front of him! He pushed his face into her ass and shoved his tongue right between her wet pussy lips. She was already dripping and didn’t need much oral to be ready for a good pounding. He simply stood up, grabbed her hips, and inserted his rod from behind. Moments later he was ramming her doggy style while listening to those erotic screams of pleasure. She was in heaven getting vigorously drilled from behind, taking his member balls deep. That’s when they started switching things up. She first laid down for another soft and sloppy licking before spreading legs for another hammering. Her perfect, perky tits playfully jiggled as he kept railing her harder and faster. He looked down her gorgeous body at his cock pistoning in and out of her bald pussy. He still couldn’t believe she allowed him to fuck her. Faster and faster his cock glided in and out of her hot wet pussy. He felt her legs wrap around his body pulling him to her even more. His buddies would never believe him. Eager to take the control back, the blonde mounted the guy to ride him like a slutty little cowgirl. She was rocking her hips slowly, grinding onto his cock, enjoying it inside of her, feeling every inch. He admired her gorgeous body touched her all over and caressed her boobies. Not caring about the webcam performance anymore, she had many intense orgasms riding his schlong before finally getting covered in massive loads of thick, white jizz.