Revenge is like the sweetest joy next to getting pussy! Amia and her husband divorced after a year of marriage. She loves to fuck, but she can’t stand getting fucked around! After he dumped her for a younger woman, she dreamed up a revenge plot that would let her get hers while giving him the punishment he deserves. Even though they were no longer together, she sneaked into his apartment with a gun. She was watching him from behind while he was exchanging nude photos with his girlfriend. She approached him from the back and put a gun on his head. Then she tied him up on a chair and took his phone. She saw the photos they were exchanging. However, instead of shooting her ex-husband, she decided to do something completely opposite. She unveiled her tits and took out his cock. The horny sexy babe started sucking it and taking selfies with his phone while doing it. He was terrified. She sent those pictures to his girlfriend! She wanted to show her, and him, what a nasty slut she can be. She enjoyed being kinky and perverted while taking naughty photos with his dick in her mouth. His hands were tied and he could do nothing. Do you remember that juicy sex scene from Thursday movie? Try not to get hard when a sexy naked babe is sucking on your cock! It’s just impossible no matter how hard you try. After a nice blowjob, she took off all of her clothes. She was one breath-taking babe, and every part of her body was gorgeous, from her pretty face to her adorable feet. She got him naked too and sat on his cock. She started riding it in a reversed cowgirl pose whether he liked it or not. His ex-wife enjoyed it a lot! His cock felt so good in her cunt and she did not stop sending photos to his girlfriend, probably ex-girlfriend at the moment.   He almost forgot how good his crazy wife can be in bed. She can suck a cock like a crazy bitch, can fuck all day long, her cunt can squeeze his cock with her powerful pussy muscles to milk him. When she realized that he wanted to fuck her too and that he didn’t care about his young girlfriend anymore, she untied him. He spanked her gorgeous naked ass while he was fucking her sweet, shaved pussy. He banged her in every possible pose, and for the whole time, she had a cell phone in her hand and took selfies. The sexy naked girl made so many nasty photos that it looked like it was made during a porn shooting. After she got fucked good, she sat on a chair and spread her legs, and her ex-hubby started licking the pussy he already licked so many times in his life. She took photos of that too. While he was licking her vagina, she sent a picture of it to his girlfriend, saying, “Your boyfriend says hi.” She was so horny and so naughty. He fucked her in a missionary position again, spreading her legs and holding them high up in the air. He sucked her beautiful toes while he was banging her pussy. It turned him on too much, so he had to cum. The hot naked girl kneeled in front of him, opened her mouth, and put her tongue out, waiting for his cum. She shoots a massive load all over her pretty face. She was all covered in cum, and then she took a selfie like that. His wife sent that picture to his now ex-girlfriend, to let her know who fucks better and who the real fucking slut is.