Dashing brunette MILF went to take a medical exam but she ended up getting much more than she signed up for. Her doctor was this dazzling blonde beauty with curves to die for and she was the expert in a particularly naughty and erotic procedure. The doctor pulled the cover on and started working. As it turned out, she had a fucking machine with a massive dildo ready to go. The blonde gently lubed the brunette and inserted the machine. Unsure of what was happening but enjoying the process, the patient was soon screaming in pleasure. That’s when the blonde started picking up the pace, quickly bringing the brunette to the edge. Having noticed that, she pulled the machine away and started vigorously rubbing her snatch. That’s when the brunette exploded and started orgasming while squirting all over the place. The doctor kept stimulating her clit making her squirt more and more. Luckily, the doctor’s goggles protect her from the storm. I love to see her vagina squirting high in the air, maybe I should be a Gynecologist too. The patient was screaming at the top of her lungs while making the whole room and her examiner all wet before the procedure was over. The doctor was satisfied with the results but the patient was ready for more. She practically begged for the blonde to continue and she was happy to oblige. The cover went completely away and, seconds later, the blonde was taking turns eating her patient out and fingering her pulsating snatch. Such long and erotic procedure left the blonde hungry for some pleasure as well. The two naked women switched and now the doctor was sitting in a chair with her legs spread. The machine was drilling her deep and in rhythm while the brunette enhanced the pleasure with sloppy and sensual pussy licking. The scene culminates with depraved scissoring session. The girls moved to a more comfortable bed where they proceeded to pick up the pace, licking, rimming, rubbing and fingering harder before intensely scissoring into one final, massive, mutual orgasm. 