This neighbor had no idea that the house next to her had such a horny teen guy who was sexually frustrated. She came over for some cookies and saw him humping a pillow in the living room. She was shocked to see that. His grandma was furious, she told him to finally stop humping things around the house. The grandma was going to make the cookies and the MILF sat on the couch. She decided to use her massive tits to arouse the boy further. She was taking a selfie when he came up behind her with a backscratcher and used it to take off a part of her blouse that was showing off a large portion of her cleavage and he caught a glimpse of her nipple. She was taken aback by it and spanked him with the backscratcher. The MILF was really impressed with his level of sexual energy that must be released. After he tried to hump her leg like a dog, she told him to calm down and show her his cock. His virgin cock was hot, hard and trobbed uncontrollably. He began to furiously stroke his cock in front of her. “Stop jerking your cock like that, nice and slow, I’ll show you.” She took his dick and began stroking it slowly from the tip all the way down to the balls. Her hands felt amazing! But granny returned at the most inopportune moment, her hand was still on his hard-on and he had to cover it with a pillow. These two discovered something in common: their annoyance with boomers and lust for hot sneaky sex. When his grandma fixed them a snack in the kitchen the MILF sucked on his cock hard. She was worried about getting caught, but couldn’t help herself because the young dick just looked so damn good. She sucked him off and he even got to fuck her huge massive tits as well. After that, the woman got naked, pushed him on the sofa and sat on top of him. Without wasting any time, she impaled herself on his cock. The hot beautiful naked woman was riding him, her heavy breasts jumped and jiggled each time, his hands were on her big ass. Then his naked neighbor got on all fours, pointed her big ass at him, wiggling it a little, inviting him to fuck her from behind. He fucked her doggy style in the living room while the grandma was not that far away. This boy’s dream came true when he got to fuck this stunning MILF and he is certainly going to remember it for his entire life. He will probably also visit her house over on the weekends for some more fucking action. 