A bombastic redhead MILF with a slender body and firm, round, large tits was eyeing up her daughter in law by the outdoor pool. She was another foxy redhead and, though she was younger, she had even larger breasts and her womanly body was to die for. It came as no surprise that the MILF kept pushing harder as time went on. Wanting to escape, the younger redhead jumped into the pool but that only gave her mother in law a better opportunity. She instantly jumped right next to her, pushed her hand inside her panties, and started caressing her clit. Curvaceous young cutie was still defending herself, repeatedly mentioning how she wasn’t into it, and trying to wiggle out but, the more lesbian MILF tried and pushed, the more she was giving in. Younger redhead’s panties finally went off under the water and now the mature hottie was whispering all kinds of dirty things while rubbing her with passion. Under the surface she had her fingers stuffed into her young pussy while they both tied to look like they were just chatting. Getting increasingly turned on by the second, she was desperate not to get caught by her husband, the MILFs son. That’s when she jumped back out of the pool but mommy was relentless. She spread her daughter in law’s legs, revealing tight, pink, trimmed snatch, and simultaneously pulled her bikini to the side, baring that pair of magnificent, supple tits. She kept convincing her daughter in law to give in and try new lesbian experiences she would definitely enjoy! Fingering her more intensely, the seduced cutie’s mounts were becoming louder. That’s when she caved in completely. With her mother in law firmly holding her from behind and squeezing those large jugs, the young chick was relentlessly fingering her aching pussy, screaming in pleasure, and quickly bringing herself to a long, powerful, leg-shaking orgasm. She kept squirting all throughout and MILF was more than happy to watch such a breathtaking show. Her squirting orgasms are an amazing sight. However, the fun was far from over as mommy had planned for so much more. The girls went back inside and later in the dining room, the mom kept seducing her.   MILF is so sneaky and mischevious and so damn fine in this scene. She is amazing as the seductress. Her daughter’s in law reluctance and eventual giving in is flawless. The younger redhead simply wanted to have a meal but the MILF was already standing next to her, moving that skimpy bikini to the side and exposing her once again. Just moments later, the mature lesbian was heading underneath the desk while her newly found lesbian partner was spreading her legs willingly. Not resisting a bit anymore, the daughter in law was sitting on the chair, practically naked, as the mother in law was slobbering all over her pink, soft cunt. With one leg on the table, she was enjoying licking, rubbing, and fingering. Even when her husband barged in, the mom managed to hide while the wife sent him away. From there on out, there was no stopping these lesbians. Both girls stripped naked and went on to take turns licking and fingering each other. Watch these two ladies dine in lesbian fervor, heat and immorality! Without a care in the world, they enjoyed a sixty-nine with lots of sloppy and erotic action. Both redheads ended up cumming numerous times, shaking and trembling after an intense lesbian lovemaking session. Absolutely fantastic! MILF is super hot! Beautiful pale skin, lovely red hair, and a great body. And the teen babe so very shy, naïve, not knowing what a squirt it, reluctant, great stuff! She could be her daughter, not just her daughter-in-law. Long red hair, flawless skin, large soft breasts and a phenomenal looking pussy. WOW! The squirting and just the right amount of mommy talk was also fantastic. Great video all around.