What happens when a total slut goes to her boyfriend’s house to participate in a family dinner? She’s too punk to respect the casualties. His mother hates her. Just take a look at this bitch: spiked thigh high boots, short shorts that just barely covered her butt and several tattoo’s on her arms. Her boyfriend’s mother let her in but as soon as this bitch sat at the dinner table, she put her feet on the table and started to jerk off her boyfriend under the table while listening to his mother’s grumbling. Nothing can stop a horny slut who wants a hard cock. She went under the table to suck his dick. It felt so good, he didn’t even care about his mother anymore. So, after a while, they give each other that look, and it’s officially on. They sneak off to his room together, and that’s when the shit starts. He slid her shorts off. The sight of her perfect ass and her shaven pink pussy just inches from your eyes would take your breath away. He spread her cute ass cheeks with both hands to stare at her pretty little asshole. His mouth instinctively moved to her little hole. He began kissing her ass, her pussy, all over, licking and tongue fucking her holes. The slut was bucking her hips and smearing her pussy in his face. He began pushing his tongue into her asshole, penetrating her anal ring with his tongue. Then she swallowed his whole cock, and she loved the taste and the smell of it. She sucked on it, licked it, and twisted her tongue all over it. When she was done with that, she lifted her big booty in the air, and her boyfriend perfectly licked her wet cunt. After that, they were both super horny, so he threw her on the bed. That’s where some fantastic missionary action occurred, and this chick loved it. You could see the cock deep inside her pussy, with only balls poking out. She was getting pounded so hard that you could hear her moan and see her face going red. After that, though, they switched to some fantastic riding. Hot naked girl was in the cowgirl pose, and she was simply jumping all over that thick, rock hard cock. And, she enjoyed every time that dick pounded her G spot. So, when she was done with that, she flipped and then got pounded in the doggy style as well. After that, from all the excitement, she was finally ready to cum. They both had a fantastic orgasm, she got a huge load all over her pretty face and he couldn’t stop cumming even when his mother walked in. 