This white guy really likes rough aggressive sex. His ebony girlfriend is one of the sexiest girls you’ll ever see with smooth dark skin and curly hair. It’s only a matter of time before you can’t take it anymore and you just have to see your cock in her mouth, see her get fucked hard and deep, your cum all over her cute face. Well, your wish will come true here as this dude gets ready for some pounding action with this babe. This time he wants to try sex with handcuffs. With her hands shackled together in handcuffs the beauty has to open her mouth wide to swallow his white prick. “That’s a good cock whore,” he says, slapping his penis against her face and spreading her spit around. He keeps fucking her mouth, pushing it deeper into her throat. Then he pulls down her panties and gags her by stuffing her mouth with her panties. Wow what a perfect body this Ebony beauty has. She is so hot and sexy. That perky curly hair that sets so great on the perky hot sexy body. Goodness she is gorgeous…what an ass and I love the rimming. He makes out with her for a while and licks her pussy and her ass, but this is just so that he can lay the foundations for what comes next. What he does next is unsurprising but it’s really amazing to watch as he takes her and starts fucking her hard. He takes her from pretty much every position he can and it’s an amazing turn of events. You get to see this slut getting destroyed and she can’t seem to get enough of this white dick no matter what. He takes her from behind and fucks her doggy style. He then turns her around when he takes off the rest of her clothes and starts fucking her missionary. Sex is hot and erotic with her on top. The babe is just wonderful, watching her come so hard and uninhibited is pure pleasure. Awesome work with the camera. Love when it moves all over her while she’s getting fucked. It’s like we are in the room. Great positions, all the variations of doggy is fantastic. I love the gagging, spitting, forced face fucks with drool running down her face and landing on her tits. She orgasmed and he came too all over her face. Don’t miss the part 2, where she made him watch her get fucked by a big black cock. 