Suffering from involuntary humping reflex this young dude visits a therapist. She was a gorgeous MILF, 40-something woman with an amazing body. The young man had some erection problems, his dick was continuously hard, he couldn’t stop humping the pillows in her office, her couch and even her booty, but that obviously wasn’t enough for him. So, instead of giving him some pills, she decided to try something new. She diagnosed him with the need to fuck someone… and, as luck would have it, she had been trained to provide such a service. The sexy MILF removed his pants and took his young hard cock in her plump, soft mouth. Her lips were perfect, and she was extremely good at sucking and even played with his balls. After that she took off her white blouse, unfastened her bra, revealing her gorgeous breasts! He had never seen such perfect tits on a woman other than in magazines. The half naked woman took his both hands and put them on her tits. They felt amazing, a pair of firm, succulent tits. The dude began to lick and suck on them. Then the doctor stood up, bent over, lifted her skirt and said fuck me, fuck my hole. He didnt waste any time, he positioned the head of his cock between her legs and began humping. “Maybe we gonna try without the skirt” She pulled down the skirt, but the dude kept fucking her pantyhose! The doctor decided to start with oral sex. She got fully naked, laid down on the couch and told him to lick her pussy. It was tight, wet, soft, and perfect. After munching on her pussy for a while, they finally tried real sex. He fucked her in the missionary position, and she loved the feeling of it immensely. She was super pleased, and her pussy felt good because of it. After that, though, they wanted to take it to the extreme, so she started riding him too. Of course, that turned them both on, especially when he felt her tremendous booty flapping and slapping his legs. The naked woman even rode his face, smearing her pussy all over his face. That made his dick so full that he couldn’t help it anymore. He came, and finally, his raging erection was cured for now. 