You know there’s nothing better than some make-up sex after some good fighting. That pleading, desperate, frustrated fucking that can only come out when a couple vents all their energy after an argument. I like it, to blow up about some minor issue and then ignore him as he pleads and apologizes. So I set up a trap for my boyfriend. He didn’t figure everything out right off the bat. At first, he wanted to make things right and, looking at my slender body with sexy tattoos and that seductive booty, he couldn’t help but bury his face between my asscheeks. I pretended to play a video game as he slobbered all over my holes when, in fact, I was losing my mind from being so horny. Lifting my ass in the air just a little, I let him know I want him to remove my pants and panties. His face remained wedged between my ass cheeks, he opened his mouth fully and pulled my pussy lips inside his mouth. He sucked on them, letting his tongue lick along them inside and out, his tongue moved up and down between my pussy lips. I pushed my ass back into his face. That’s when he noticed the camera set up to film us and that was when I finally confessed her true desires. Naturally, I didn’t need to tell him twice. He grabbed the camera and went back behind me. His massive schlong slid balls deep inside of me because I was so wet. Just seconds later, he was prone bone hammering my pussy. I wanted it even deeper and harder so I raised myself on knees and elbows into a doggy style. I felt his hard cock move all the way inside me, he drove his penis in and out faster and faster. And whenever he’d slow down, I’d continue impaling myself in rhythm, not wanting to stop. Then, before we started changing positions and switching things up, I took his shaft with my lips. I gave him the sloppiest blowjob ever, fucking his cock with my mouth, , drooling on him and gagging myself on his cock. I like it so much, the feeling of a hot cock sliding in and out of my mouth. His dick ended even more slippery and hard when I jumped back on top of it in a cowgirl position. From there on out, there were no breaks. The more I rode, the harder I was jumping on his boner wanting to impale myself completely. I came numerous times before he exploded all over me. 