Jesus Christ, I think I am the master of pulling myself out of shitty situations! You see, I recently hooked up with my first door neighbor. She’s generally an attractive girl, but she doesn’t like to fend for herself. So, she’s using this fat dude for money, and she’s living with him. A while ago, we accidentally met, and since recently, as I said, we’ve been fucking. It was all okay and relaxed, up until the neighbor actually found the messages. He freaked out on her, and she immediately ran and came to my place. I was a bit freaked out too, but I took her in. We talked about shit, and then suddenly, the dude started banging on my door. I told his girlfriend to hide, and I opened up. He was there, accusing me of cheating and shit, and I took him in to calm him down. His girlfriend, my hidden slut, was below my kitchen counter while I was talking with him. And while she was there, that crazy slut took my pants down and started to suck me off! All while I was talking with her fucking boyfriend, trying to convince him that she was not cheating on him! What a crazy slut! Of course, instead of turning me off, that shit made me even hornier, especially because she looked at me with her gorgeous eyes. She had this devilish look like she couldn’t wait for him to leave. Of course, after he left, she continued with the action. She sucked me off once again, and this time, it was even better. The sexy teen babe was sucking me off while twisting her tongue inside her mouth to cover the whole tip of my dick. Once again, she stared in my eyes, but this time, with an innocent look. Damn, how can you turn away a hoe with gorgeous eyes?   I was near my burning point, so I took her, flipped her on the bed, and let her ride me. At first, she was riding me in the classic cowgirl style, and I just stared at her titties while she was bouncing on my dick. Then, she flipped herself over and tried some reverse cowgirl fun. Her ass looked amazing. I was now holding her ass cheeks with both hands, pulling her down onto me, my upward thrusts were synchronized with her downward thrusts. The tight round cheeks of her ass shook violently. I enjoyed staring at it. It was all too much for me, but I still wasn’t ready to bust a nut. Fucking her from behind was priceless. My hips thrusting against her ass, making her body shake with each thrust, her hand between her legs fondling my tightening balls. It was a fantastic sight. I ploughed my cock deep and deep into her, withdrawing and pushing back into her as she pushed her ass back onto me, her cunt muscles gripped my cock in lust and need. The young naked girl laid there on the bed, and we began some missionary style banging. I could see my cock balls deep inside of her pussy. And her pussy was pink, adorable, and it was super wet. With that kind of a pussy, there’s no way that you can hold yourself from nutting! And that was true for me too. So, after finally busting, I was ready to relax and leave the stress for today. Her stupid fat and sweaty boyfriend already frustrated me, and after this sex session, I wasn’t going to think about that anymore. Thank god for hoes man, they make our lives better!