When this census inspector came around to fill out a form for a family that failed to answer their calls, he found out that their daughter was the only person home. A beautiful girl in a very feminine and sexy dress. The teen said that her parents weren’t gonna come back anytime soon and the guy from the bureau said that anyone over the age of 15 can be interviewed. The teen said she just turned 18 a couple of days ago and the inspector found this to be perfect for his needs. She found that a bit weird but couldn’t stop him as he just stormed in the house. The teen girl answered a few questions for him, but he slipped several questions that aren’t part of the interview such as the one where he asked her whether she has a boyfriend. She doesn’t, and the inspector only saw more and more opportunities to take advantage of the situation. Creepy census inspector made the girl give him a tour of the house and she showed him all the rooms, ending with her room upstairs. He snooped around a bit and found her birth control pills in a drawer. But she said in the census she wasn’t sexually active, whichsuggests that she lied to him. Does she understand what the penalty is for giving false information to agovernment official? He threatened to report it unless she did exactly what he asked of her. The innocent girl was petrified and had no idea what to do but she went with the flow. The inspector first asked for a little kiss, but when she failed to deliver a proper kiss on his lips he lashed out at her. He yelled at her and she was forced to kiss him the proper way with her tongue in his mouth. After that, one thing led to the next and she was eventually on her knees and reaching for his belt buckle to undo it. The girl opened her mouth obediently as if by instinct and without saying a word she stuck out her tongue invitingly. She was very inexperienced and was having a tough time sucking his cock. She was sliding her mouth back and forth on it and the inspector seemed to have enjoyed it a lot, not paying attention to the look of disgust on her face.   Drool was everywhere on her face. Girl wiped her mouth with the back of one hand with an expression of great disgust on her face. Though, this wasn’t enough for him and so he started taking off her clothes. She was fully naked now. She is one of the most beautiful girls I have ever seen my God that body of hers. His hands were all over her innocent body, messaging her boobies, manhandling her pussy and exploring her wet folds. He grabbed her tits and began to suck on them. Her breasts were so sensitive. The naked girl trembled and felt her body respond to his touch. We all know where this is going, and he put her on the bed and got ready to shove his thick dick inside this young teen right there in her room. Naked girl was on her back with her legs spread opened, watching the pervert doing whatever he wanted with her pussy. He kissed her pussy, licked it, put a finger in her, then he took his prick and shoved it in her. The inspector managed to blackmail her successfully and he slid his dick inside her pussy and started fucking her. I love the frequent moments of pain, discomfort and awareness of abuse on her face. She’s gorgeous. Love the reluctance. The coercion is much more erotic when the voice remains quiet, but the threat remains real. The shouting reduces the sexual impact. Still this is a very hot episode, beautifully filmed, and superbly acted. He managed to fuck her from every angle and he was being really rough and extreme while doing it too. It’s obvious that he is a bit of a freak when it comes to sex and he likes it rough. That’s why he was pulling on her hair, grabbing her neck, and even folding her like a common whore at a brothel. Those brief moments where she lost herself and started to enjoy it were awesome. He fucked her aggressively for about thirty minutes, fuckinmg her face and her young wet pussy before delivering his seed in her mouth.