The gym is pretty empty today with only a hot chick and a dude who are looking for a nice workout. She immediately started eyeing the dude as he was doing his reps and she was intrigued by his muscular physique. Her tight body and inviting smile had him feeling her up in no time. She said that she needed help with her body positioning with one exercise and she showed him what she meant. The babe bent over and the dude helped her position her body correctly, but the babe just kept bending forward until her ass was grinding up against his shorts. He was obviously taken aback by this, but it’s definitely something that he won’t say no to. After some hands-on workout tips, the sexy babe thanked him by sucking his cock right there in the gym! She started off nice and slow but gradually sped up as things kept moving forward. She was doing a pretty good job at it and the guy was really enjoying himself as the babe was sucking him off. She was going to make him cum in her mouth and enjoy that protein cocktail but the fitness instructor who was making her rounds interrupted them. The two tried to act like nothing had happened. The blonde was busy with some booty exercise and the horny couple was going to have sex right there in the middle of the gym. The babe pulled down her shorts and he inserted his cock from behind. “yes, stretch me out baby, just like that, that’s exactly how I want to workout” Her moans couldn’t help attracting the blonde’s attention. “what are you two doing?” “we are just working out just like you” “it’s a public gym, are you kidding me?!” The dude had to show his hard cock to the fitness instructor to calm her down.   At first the blonde stood there looking at his growing cock but then she leaned over and took his cock in her mouth. She started sucking, and licking the head with her tongue. He was really hard. The other babe was behind her, licking all ober her cunt from behind. Now it’s a threesome with two hot naked girls you won’t want to miss! By the end of their workout, the girls will get a lot more than they bargained for. Things start off quite ordinarily with two girls sucking on his dick. However, things also quickly spiral out of control as the naked girls decide to show off their prowess in gymnastics and spread their arms and legs on some TRX cables while the dude licks their cunts. After licking out their pussies he was ready to fuck them both and soon enough they are going for some crazy positions that you couldn’t even imagine were possible. They got fucked hard and all of them were sweating off calories like it was nothing. The girls then decided to relax a bit and get off the ropes and onto the ground. This was like intermission and the three of them were fucking slowly and sensually down there as they were looking for brand new ways to innovate on the entire gym fuck session. They decided that they would go all-in for the last stretch of the time they had together before all the other gym-goers came in, and they started fucking as hard as humanly possible. In the end, both naked girls ended up getting massive orgasms, and the dude also came in with the biggest load of his entire life.