I had the immense luck of sharing a hostel room with a pair of twins. How many of you fantasize about having sex with two sexy twin sisters? As much as I tried, I couldn’t get the thoughts out of my head. What’s even better, these two young chicks were as beautiful as it gets and, more than that, they were as naughty as they were pretty. Feeling playful, these girls were happy to turn around and lift their skimpy skirts for me. I was dazzled watching those firm, round butts jiggling in front of me before they decided to take things further. The twins lied on the bed, on their backs, and obediently spread their legs up in the air for me. Not only that, but both girls moved their cute panties to the side, revealing two beautiful, smoothly shaven pussies. I didn’t know where to start so I kept going back and forth, switching between licking both of them. I loved seeing the smile on their faces when I’d bury my warm tongue between those wet pussy lips. Now both of the twin’s pussies were leaking out with juices. After licking and fingering them, it was their turn to return the favor. Happy to oblige, twins went on their knees and started slobbering all over my raging hardon. My cock kept going from one mouth to the other and the sisters didn’t even forget about the balls. Then the naked girls bent over next to each other and I had to decide which pussy to bang first. They spread their ass cheeks together for me, giggling softly all the while. I plunged into one pussy deeply, in and out in one stroke. I drove into the other pussy deeper still, in and out in one stroke. Back and forth, in and out of each of my sister’s beautiful pink cunts. I kept ramming them doggy style. While hammering one young babe, the other would patiently wait for her turn, holding her cheeks spread, keeping that wet hole ready for my member. I couldn’t stop pulling my schlong out from one snatch and shoving it back in the other deep and hard before we switched to even kinkier positions. We kept fucking in every way imaginable. The naked girls both came squirting many times before I plastered them with massive loads. I gave the girls double the facial for double the fun! 