A young and beautiful lesbian couple were about to get married. Two girls were already dressed up in tight and sexy wedding dresses in their bedroom when they got into talking. One hottie, who was this lovely, adorable brunette with a pair of supple breasts mentioned how one of their lesbian friends cheated on her wife with a guy. That’s when her partner, a ravishing, dark-haired lass with a tight, skinny body started questioning about her previous relationship with a guy. The girl immediately started defending herself, saying how that was way back when she was still exploring her sexuality and they had never had sex. Her partner cut her off and suggested both of them tried guys out before getting married!  The virgin babes just needed to know what it felt like to have a thick cock inside their cunts before they walked down the aisle. She even had the perfect guys in mind. Turns out, her naughty idea was to swap dads and go down and dirty with them. Lesbians went to their dads with a proposal and, after some convincing, they each agreed to bang the other one’s daughter. The deal was sealed with firm handshakes and the action started right off the bat. The guys, suited up, stood up next to their daughters and the girls started working. Still wearing their gorgeous wedding dresses, the brides pulled their pants down to grab those big, throbbing dicks. Simultaneously, both of them placed their soft lips on rock hard shafts and started giving sensual blowjobs. Being the more promiscuous one, hottie with dark hair was the first to undress and get her girlfriend’s dad to fondle her slender body. Wearing nothing but white panties and high heels, she went down on her knees to continue slobbering on a huge dong. Meanwhile, the brunette made her man’s dick all slippery from wet blowing and it was now her turn to enjoy steamy oral.   The sexy bride lifted and spread her legs for her future father-in-law and he pulled her panties down. Still wearing her classy outfit, with only her tits out, the girl was now moaning and screaming in pleasure while having her pink, shaved pussy licked with passion. Upon hearing those sounds, the dark-haired beauty had to join and sit next to her lover. The two naked brides were now kissing while being eaten out and getting ready for hardcore dicking. Their virgin pussies were dripping with excitement! Two naked girls were on all fours on the couch and their dads were entering them from both sides. The girls were moaning while watching each other getting rammed. Screams of pleasure quickly filled the room and then they started getting even naughtier. As time went on, the foursome was only becoming more rough and hardcore. Naked girls got railed in doggy style before mounting their dads for balls deep cowgirl riding. Watching two brides getting fucked side-by-side, riding dicks and kissing each other in the process is amazing! To top off the passion, the guys fill each other’s daughters with dripping creampies! In the end, even getting messy creampies in a kinky sixty-nine didn’t satisfy either of them and they kept fucking hardcore and to no end.