Cute and petite blonde nubile got caught in the act of vandalism. She ruined their house with graffiti and was now being sentenced to a lot of community work in addition to having to fix things up. The wife of the house was infuriated, telling her husband how they had worked so hard on the house only for this young brat to ruin it all. That’s when she showed up at the door, wearing a brush and a bucket. Hard at work during a hot summer day, her tight, little body was glistening with sweat, and she had to start stripping. Unable to scrape the wall anymore, the young blonde figured she’d make a run for it. However, the couple was onto her. The rich business woman decided to take advantage of the teen and teach her a real lesson in fucking with other people’s property. They sat the girl on the couch and offered her a different way to repay the debt. With nowhere to run, blondie agreed, and that’s when the naughty fun started. The MILF pulled her lingerie down, exposing a pair of lovely, tiny tits. Simultaneously, her husband, who sat on her right, removed his pants and now his schlong was poking out. Slowly, teenie grabbed the shaft with both of her tiny hands and started stroking it up and down. His wife enjoyed having the power and making the young chick do whatever she wanted. Soon enough, she pushed her on the ground. On her knees, the blonde waited nervously as the woman held the shaft, guiding it to her small mouth. As nubile placed her luscious lips on that cock, the MILF wrote “slut” on her face with her black lipstick. Fully submitted, the teen girl was now passionately slobbering on that rock hard rod before the wife finally decided to join. With two gorgeous babes taking turns sucking him off and licking his balls, the guy was in heaven. Wanting to dominate the little blonde completely, the brunette bent over to continue sucking her husband off while placing the chick behind her back, to lick both of her tight holes.   Sloppy cock sucking combined with wet and erotic pussy licking only made the perverts hungry for more. The teenie was the first one to take that cock in her little pussy. With MILF guiding her towards it, she started riding slowly but quickly picked up the pace. With the wife slapping her tits, licking her nipples, and rubbing her clit, she was getting railed by the husband who hammered her from underneath. The wife was reveling in the power play. She used the lipstick to continue spoiling that tight body with more nasty words before going back to playing with her new fuck toy. The submissive teen now wholly gave in. Her small tits were jiggling up and down as she was getting pounded. The wife kept relentlessly rubbing her aching clit until she ended up experiencing multiple trembling orgasms. The woman also rode his husband and the teeng irl had to lick both her clit and his balls. I love to see this young girl corrupted by an older couple. At the end his wife told him to cum all over the teen girl’s smooth body, on her tiny titties and her cute face. The Jizz raced out of his tight balls and exploded out the head of his cock catching the naked girl full in the face. These was so much cum that the girl had to gobble the air like a fish out of water as his cock continued to spurt Jizz. Jizz also splashed onto her tits and her bald pussy. When he had finished his wife leaned forward and sucked the head of his still hard cock into her mouth running her tongue over the head. Good story and hot sex. Very well filmed, directed and played. And different from other porn videos.