Four lovely teenage chicks were having fun playing a game of hide-and-seek. It wasn’t long before two of them found a perfect hiding spot in a closet. Since it was a big house, they had plenty of time before being detected. The redhead, feeling all horny and frisky, started caressing the blonde, quickly turning her on. It wasn’t long before the two were passionately making out, trying to be as quiet as possible. Foxy redhead was all over her girlfriend, baring her perky breasts and fondling them while, now and then, licking her hard nipples. At one point, the third cutie found them and, when she saw what her naughty friends were doing in a closet, quietly joined the fun. Now, the redhead had two skinny blondes to go down and dirty in every way imaginable. One teen lesbian was already stripping fully naked and going to lie down on the floor. Young lesbian was more than happy to bury her soft, warm tongue between those slim legs while the other babe stripped as well and mounted her laying friend’s pretty face. I really enjoyed the view of this big butt when she is eating out her friend. I also love her red bush and long red locks. Proving she’s a true ginger. Sloppily eating each other out in a lesbian threesome, the naked girls were trying their best to make as little sound as possible. It was pretty convenient that the girls were not wearing panties to begin with! Even after rubbing themselves vigorously, their erotic moans were still muffled, which made the situation even hotter. Eager lick their pussies but not get caught, the trio kept switching things up and trying out different positions. Each chick had her turn being in the middle and simultaneously getting eaten out while licking one pussy. At one point, the lesbians even started relentlessly scissoring, firmly holding hands over their mounts not to scream in multiple intense orgasms. The subdued/muffled orgasm is ultra hot and erotic. This is insanely hot, these three gorgeous naked girls with their perfectly tight little bods in a tight little space getting into every nook and cranny, fuck I love the setting. The show went on until the fourth hottie found them, and then they invited her to join. This is totally how the girls are playing hide and seek from now on! 