You see, I do housework, and pretty much everything related to that. Unfortunately, most of my clients are older, emasculated geezers who don’t even know how to fucking change a light bulb. So, pretty much half of my work is some boring shit. Sometimes, like today, I score a client that’s either intriguing or hot enough for me to be a bit more cheerful. An attractive redhead babe employed me, and her body was beautiful. She was thick, with a massive ass, and a pair of gigantic boobs. After I did all my work, I was proud of myself, so I decided to record a little video. While filming video of a job well done, I noticed my client painting her toenails and snapping nudes. Later she went into the house and I followed her. I saw her in the bathroom, she was snapping nudes in there. Fully naked she entered the shower and began washing. I was unable to unglue my eyes from her wide hips, her large, plump breasts, and her big ass. When the busty naked girl caught me watching her finger herself in the shower, she invited me to take over and pleasure her tight pussy because I interrupted her masturbation. Now, you know how shit goes in porn. If a sexy babe catches you spying on her in the shower and you have a massive cock, you pretty much fuck all day. I never believed in that nonsense, but today it looks like that shit became real for me. She was impressed by my dick, and she immediately went down on me to suck it. Imagine my surprise when this babe began to deep-throat my cock so efficiently. She practically swallowed it all, which is a surprise, because my chode is massive. Then she grabbed my cock and pulled me to her bedroom. She wanted to fuck the shit out of her! At first, she began to ride me. So, I had the perfect view of her fantastic and thick body. Imagine fucking a chick while you’re lying down, and her boobs are almost slapping your face. Yeah, that’s what happened to me, and I couldn’t be happier about it. So, I continued to fuck the shit out of her, this time in the doggy-style position. I continued to plow her hairy pussy, but I was even hornier now due to her ass being so close to me. It was thick, bubbly, and it looked perfect. I loved how it continuously slapped my body while my dick was balls deep inside of her. So, I wanted to make things even hotter by flipping her and putting her on the bed to finish her off in the missionary position. She loved how aggressive I was and how I didn’t hesitate to put it in her hairy cunt. And, how I didn’t wait to pin her against her bed like an alpha. So, after banging her some more, I finally nutted on her big tits. 