A stunning brunette with a perfect body was on her yoga mat, working out. One exercise after the other, she was putting that tight body and womanly curves on full display, teasing and seducing with her round, large tits and a firm ass. Her boyfriend couldn’t contain himself and just looking at her wasn’t enough. Being all kinky and playful, he grabbed a water gun and squirted it all over her when she least expected. Surprised at first, she tried to send him away and continue with her workout but he was not that easily scared. He got her yoga pants all wet and his hands were already all over that amazing butt. That’s when he realized his girlfriend was not wearing panties. Her tight pussy was becoming more and more visible through those thin pants as she was getting more wet and horny by the second. Unable to resist anymore, he grabbed her firmly from behind, tearing through those leggings and exposing her tiny holes. Not wasting a second, the boyfriend took the hottie by her hips and forcefully slid his cock, balls deep, into her pussy with one stroke! She gasped, lurched forward, she loved being fucked from behind. He started to slam her relentlessly, in and out of her vagina. She pushed her bubbly ass back onto him, arched her back to take his cock deeper. She was screaming in pleasure as her soft cherry was being smashed balls deep doggy style. Bent over and trying to push against the floor, she was getting dicked down like never before. Her luscious mouth was open wide as she was moaning and gasping for air. Every time he’d stop drilling her, she’d continue impaling herself in rhythm, hungry for even more pounding.   Going back and forth before getting railed and riding his dick, it wasn’t long before they started to spice things up and try out different stuff. First off, the hottie pulled away and, hungry for that throbbing dong, turned around to take it down her throat. Like an expert dick sucker, his girlfriend started slobbering all over the shaft and swallowing as much as possible, deepthroating and choking on that monster. Her head was vigorously bobbing back and forth as she tasted the precum dripping from the tip and her pussy juices all over the shaft. Even when he lied down on the mat, she wouldn’t allow that cock to leave her mouth. Choking and gagging on it, his schlong ended up being even harder and more slippery than before. That’s when this fit brunette mounted it once more. Like a slutty cowgirl, she bared those perfect jugs, straddled the guy, and sat on his rod. Immediately sliding balls deep on it, the hottie was riding it with passion. Her shaved cherry swallowed its whole length with ease and she’d only pull out to spit on it before shoving it back in. After such a long and intense riding session, it was finally time for him to take control back. He placed his hot girlfriend on the nearby table where she obediently spread those slim legs to have her snatch hammered from the front. One pulsating orgasm after the other, she was being ravaged before finally making her man explode with cum all over her. After his girlfriend cleaned his cock and his balls from jizz, she smiled and returned to her workout.