This blonde’s bestie had been struggling in school, she wanted to help her out, invite her over to her place to do some studying but the problem her family was not normal. Still the girls agreed to meet the next day. The blonde came back from school and find her stepbrother playing a video game in the living room. So, how is their family abnormal? The girl pulled down her shorts, sat right on her stepbrother’s face and started grinding her pussy into his face. It looked like nothing special for them. She was riding his face in the living room, and they were not hidden. His naked sister was smothering his face with her pussy and ass, riding his face, cumming into his mouth. Then she pulled out his cock and began to suck it. She swallowed it whole, twirled her tongue around, and she sucked it sloppily too. It was wet, rock-hard, and she munched on it like a candy. The kids were into an 69 position, both of them were busy with their mouths on each other. She came all over his face and he came into her mouth. She swallowed it and went to her room like nothing happened. The next day the blonde finally invited her friend for a study session. Like nothing special her stepbrother came up to her from behind, pulled down her skirts, took his cock in his hand and guided it between her ass cheeks. He started to doggy-style fuck her next to her friend! The girl couldn’t believe what was going on. At first she pretended she was not seeing what was going on but then her hand slid down to her pussy and she began rubbing her pussy watching her friend get fucked by her brother. She didn’t seem to mind at all, and in fact, she was at least a bit jealous.   Later the girls returned to study in her bedroom. The stepbrother followed them there, he mashed his sister’s ass cheeks and touched her, all while her friend slowly got hornier too. He licked his stepsister’s pussy from behind and even began to fuck her, right out in the open, next to her friend. She couldn’t hold on anymore, she moved to the blonde and the girls began softly kissing. Watching two girls kissing made the dude fuck her even harder. The brunette got naked and asked her friend to let her suck the brother’s cock. They girls sucked his cock passionately, until the point where they wanted to have a full-on threesome. Both naked girls spread their legs and he took turns fucking their wet pussies. The girls lay on top of each other and he moved in between them. He pushed his hard cock between their pussies, and they kissed as his cock slid against both clits at once. This close up view of his cockhead sliding between their pussy lips is amazing. They changed many poses, and the girls fucked like two whores. They kissed each other, licked each other’s pussies, and rode each other faces as well. And the girls did it all when they were taking turns riding on his dick! The girls teamed up to suck it for a bit together. After some riding, that was enough to cause them both to have an intense orgasm. He had had his first threesome, watched his sister and her friend having sex for the first time and now it was time to cum in his sister for the first time and watch her friend lick her cumfilled pussy out.