This dude came over to his friend’s house for some PS4, but his sister is bored and wants attention from him. She stands in front of the TV begging for attention but she doesn’t get it cause both of the guys want to play some FPS. Little slut then tries to seduce her brother’s friend. She stands in the hallway so that her brother can’t see her and she starts teasing his friend. She removes her top, showing off her tits, all with an innocent look on her face. He can’t believe what he sees. His friend’s sister continues by removing her denim shorts and revealing her tight thong and perfect ass cheeks. She takes the panties off too and reveals her trimmed pussy! Little does her brother realize she won’t let anything come between her and a hard fuck. After the brother goes for snacks, the naked girl comes to the living room and at that point the friend just can’t resist fucking her. He pulls out his huge dick and she grabs it and starts sucking on it like it is a lollipop. Holding her head with both hands he shoves his whole monster cock deep into her throat, fuck yeah! He lets her up for air and then keeps fucking her face with his hip movement while holding her head still with a fist full of her hair! Her saliva drooling down her chin. He can’t hold it anymore, he turns her around, places the tip of his huge cock at the entrance of her wet pussy, puts his hand on her mouth and enters her from behind. He pulls that thing all the way out and slams it back into her cunt, hard, balls deep! He proceeds to fuck her from every position. He puts her into a piledriver on the floor and keeps destroying her teenage cunt. Cute naked girl even gives him a ride, which is really fun to watch as he licks her tits while she jumps on his cock. The girl definitely loves cowgirl style and she is in it when her brother comes back and stumbles upon them fucking in the living room. He is obviously taken aback, but the friend just can’t stop himself from keep doing it and he just gives a bullshit excuse while he creampies his hot sister. 