Just take a look at this naked blonde in the bathtub, popping her big bubble ass out of the water! One rule that all men know is never to leave your wife alone and disappointed sexually. And, due to copious amounts of work and old age, this man did exactly that. He recently married a young woman, and he often left her alone due to work. She was disappointed, not satisfied, and secretly wished for a strong cock to plow her. She went to the bedroom and finger fucked herself till she squirt right in her pants. Who’s gonna take care of her wet pussy while her husband is away at work? That’s right, his son! So, when the dude caught his stepmom squirting, he tried to seduce her. He did it a little in a special way, he just pulled out his prick in front of her, smiled as he watched her reaction. She was hesitant at first. After that, though, her will cracked, and then she slowly advanced towards to suck his dick. And when she got the first taste, suddenly, he grabbed her head and began throat fucking her! She loved it so much that she didn’t stop him. It felt THAT good for her. After that, she wanted to get fucked like a real hoe, so she started to ride him. And with her big ass, it all looked amazing. This slutty wife had such a big, and meaty booty that watching her get plowed like that felt like the best thing in the universe for this dude. He stuffed her pussy, and pretty soon, he stuck it in her ass too. He fucked her like a maniac, and plowed both of her holes. And, he was such a freaking pro that this chick squirted without stopping. He stuck it inside her pussy again. Just to please her some more and make her have an even stronger squirting orgasm. Her pussy squirted and covered the sheets with her juice. She was having another squirting orgasm within seconds. He stuck his cock in her ass, then in her cunt, back to her asshole. His slutty stepmom rocked back to penetrate both her holes as deeply as possible. He couldn’t do it anymore, he nutted into her ass and she squirted one last time from the pleasure. Thanks to this, a woman has a husband to work for her. And a stepson to please her and fulfill her sexual needs. 