Good girls don’t lie to their mommies, but this babe is not a good girl. She told her mom that she was sick and that she couldn’t go to school. Her mom let her stay home from school and headed to her yoga class. Fit blonde MILF had a busy day of yoga classes planned. But her stepdaughter wasn’t sick, and, instead of playing it safe, she invited her boyfriend. The dude came there, horny as fuck, with his balls full of cum. So, he immediately went down on her and started to lick her pussy. He licked her clit, then her labia, and he was penetrating her pussy with his tongue. After that, this chick moved on to sucking his dick. This girl was small and petite, and she had a tiny mouth. Still, she gagged on his cock and swallowed it all, even though it seemed impossible. Suddenly, we see that her mom came back, and she heard the weird noises right away. When she came to check where the sounds came from, she caught her daughter sucking on a fat dick. MILF decided the only appropriate action was teaching the pair an unforgettable lesson. She sat right onto her stepdaughter’s boyfriend’s face and made him lick her ass. Then she took his cock, grabbed her stepdaughter’s hair, pulled her head hard onto his cock and forced her to suck it in front of her. At first, the MILF wanted to see how her stepdaughter was sucking his cock. Then, after witnessing a teen slut gobbling the shaft up yet again, she wanted to try it. So, she swallowed his rod, and she loved it. She was immediately hooked on it, and now she wanted to join them till the end. So, she took her pants off and started to ride his dick like a pro. And with her curvy, cougar-y ass, she did it correctly. MILF was plunging her bubble ass hard down onto his teenage dick. The girl just watched her stepmom ride her boyfriend and then began to lick her asshole!   After the mommy came all over his cock, the time came for the daughter to get fucked. The slender naked girl rode her boyfriend, slamming her teen pussy down on his cock. MILF decided that her boyfriend’s cock was not enough to make her cum, and she pushed her fist into her pussy and began to fuck her with her hand! After her stepmother fucked her pussy with her fist her young pussy was even more open. While the blonde teen was getting pounded, the stepmother was rubbing her clit and pleasing it. From then, numerous other sequences of this amazing fucking were born, and all three of them loved that. Like, for example, the stepmom being banged in the missionary position. She loved it, and with her hairy, yet trimmed pussy, it all looked amazing. In the end, the stepmom received the first nut. He came on the MILF’s bush, the girl was there to clean off his cock and her cunt too. She licked all the jizz off her hairy mound. The dude wasn’t all that empty yet, so he continued to bang the stepdaughter while she was kissing with her stepmom. Then, the daughter received the nut as well, and after that, they were all pleased. Stuff like that does happen, and if you have a girlfriend who has a hot stepmom, try to bring her in on the action. Who knows, you might get lucky enough to fill both their pussies at the same time.