Teen girl was chilling when her stepbrother decided to play a little prank on her. He digged out his stepmom’s dildo from a drawer and hid it in the unsuspecting girl’s bed. She was freaked out, and when she tried to catch her annoying stepbrother, she accidentally kicked him in the nuts. His mother, her stepmom, came in, and took his side. She seems to favor her son when it comes to everything! She couldn’t let something like this slide. So, she made the teen girl kneel to please her stepbrother’s penis to ease the pain. And, at first, this chick did it by sucking her stepbrother’s dick. It was big, and it beautifully fits in her mouth. Then the stepmom told her bother to throat-fuck her. She scrunched up her face in disgust but he paid no attention and just fucked her face with great pleasure, all the way down to the balls. It wasn’t enough for the stepmom. She told the girl to get naked, spread her legs and told the brother to stick his penis into her pussy. The naked girl watched between her legs as his cock disappeared inside of her. Needless to mention that he had been jerking off many times, while dreaming of his sister’s big tits! He reached for her tit with his hand and cupped it, teasing the nipple with his fingers, yeah! The teens started with some missionary banging, and it was beautiful. This babe has a cute, pink, and, of course, tight pussy. It was wet as hell from all the excitement too. He didn’t have much experience with girls and came right in his sister’s pussy. He pulled out and he could see his thick, white cream bubbling from her pink hole. Mom said it’s OK and she could turn around now. Young busty naked girl got on all fours and pointed her ass straight up into the air. Her stepbrother pounded her pussy that way, all while seeing her bubbly booty. And both of them loved this feeling. They switched positions once again and continued with some excellent riding. It was fantastic! Busty teen babe was riding her stepbrother’s cock, her amazing boobs were bouncing up and down. Who knew a little stepsibling sex would be so good for conflict resolution! 