Dont miss the hottest foursome with three hot naked babes! The first day this couple arrives at their new rented house, they find out that they’ll be sharing the space with a lesbian pair. They have no problem with it, it was just interesting to them. But things quickly started to heat up when they were having dinner and the wife of the dude went down to pick up her fork and noticed one of the other chicks playing with the pussy of the other one using her toe. It was pretty weird to her, but it was oddly hot too. The next morning she walks in on the naked girls scissoring and she gets really horny. She wants to get her boyfriend in the mood by sucking him off, but he is late for work. He goes to the bathroom to have a shower and meets one of the lesbians there who walks in on him naked. A hot blonde with the most beautiful pair of breasts. Damn she is hot as fuck. His naked roommate takes a shower with him and can’t notice his big dick. She might be a lesbian, but his cock is the biggest one she has ever seen. The babe hasn’t sucked cock for so long. She goes down on him. Her lips are two luscious buds that beg for his cock. He feels it’s wrong but doesn’t really try to stop the blowjob from happening. The blonde lesbian babe sucks dick like a pro and she says that she used to be really good at it, which she still is looking at the way she’s going up and down his shaft. At the same time their other lesbian roommate tries to seduce his wife. More precisely, she is already licking his wife’s pussy and even scissoring with her. Two naked women rub their pussies against each other, what can be better than that?   In the shower the lesbian bitch stands up and bends over for the dude to fuck her but he runs away! He goes over to the bedroom to tell his wife but he is stunned to find out that she’s having lesbian sex with the other lesbian chick! While he thinks how to react to it, one of the girls yanks off his towel, pushes him onto the bed and all three naked girls pounce on his cock. At this point, he doesn’t care about being late to work as he just wants to have the best foursome of his life. This gorgeous babe which is his girlfriend is so damn hot, and the other two naked blondes are really hot two, so this is about to be the best sex he’ll ever have. He just dives into it without thinking and they have the best group sex session ever. It’s like a harem for him with so many naked girls and their wet pussies trying to get a piece of that cock. Three blondes suck him off left and right and he keeps eating pussy too. The lesbian babes are also getting some action on the side when the dick is occupied. Can you imagine having sex with three naked girls? They have a great system where all of them are getting pleased at the same time. Anyway, they go through all of the positions imaginable, and it seems that things are going to get heated up more and more but in the end, they come to the most satisfying finisher where all of them have orgasmed and the dude unloads the biggest cumshot of his entire life in their pussies. Yes, a double creampie! Just take a look at these two pussies leaking with cum! At the end the naked girls go to the bathroom to have a lesbian threesoem there. 