Years after a fatal car accident left Abigail widowed and blind, she lived in isolation, forever mourning the loss of her husband. The mysterious circumstances surrounding her husband’s death, however, finally come to light when two strangers broke into her house. Because he was a cop and tied into the justice system, it was easy for him to fake his death. After dealing a shitload of drugs, he had faked his death and left his wife without a husband and blind. One day, he came back for his drug money that had been left at his wife’s house. He also brought his new girlfriend, telling her that they were just going to have sex at a stranger’s house. His girlfriend felt uncomfortable going to a stranger’s house but he assured her the owners wouldn’t call the police. After he took the bag of money, he grabbed his young girlfriend and took her to the bedroom, where he used to fuck his wife. There, he handcuffed her hands, took her pants off and started to eat her gorgeous pussy from behind, fondling both her holes with his tongue and lips. His mouth was all over her wet cunt; tongue sucking, licking her clit soft and hard as she pushed her bubble ass back onto his face. Her pussy was truly beautiful. Pink, tasty, and wet as hell. He threw her on her back, spread her legs, locking her knees behind her elbows and continued to devour her pussy. “Please don’t stop, I can’t stop cummming, I love youuuuuu,” she was pressing his head to her pussy. He licked her with joy and pleasure. Now she wanted his cock in her mouth badly. She started to suck it, but soon progressed to full-on throat fucking it and swallowing it whole. It was fantastic, and she worked hard to get it all inside. When they were finished with oral, even more, exciting things occurred.   At first, they started with some great missionary. Now, this babe has a fantastic curvy body, so seeing it like this would drive anyone mad. Especially after you take a look at her cute pussy. Because of that, this ex cop couldn’t resist fucking her hard enough to lose her mind. Well, even that wasn’t enough to make them cum, so they changed poses once again. This time, the hot naked babe rode his cock. And she rode it in both cowgirl and reverse cowgirl style. She loved the feeling that it gave her, especially as it impaled her tight and hot pussy. After some wild fucking, she was moaning, red in the face, and she couldn’t think straight anymore. That resulted in her going down on him once again to suck his cock and take his nut. They did the typical porn shot of showing the full mouth of cum. Сum-bubbles formed at her lips as she breathed, and excess cum dripped from the side of her mouth and down her cheek. Like a good little obedient hoe, she swallowed it with happiness. After that, she went to the kitchen to get a bottle of water but she didn’t know the owner of the house had already come back! She was a blind woman and she was going to find out who was in her house. She was holding a hammer and despite the fact that she could not see, she somehow attacked the burglars. When her hands touched his face she realized that it was her husband! It was a shock, she didn’t know how he got there, she was ready for anything now, she couldn’t stop herself and began kissing him all over. A few minutes later they had sex right in the living room when another woman was hiding in the house. The ex cop was going to grab the money, leave the house, and leave her hanging like that, but his wife realized his actual goals. This story full of twists and turns will leave you breathless and wishing for a sequel, but don’t worry! There is a part two, and soon, you’ll get to see it!