Usually, they send me grandmas or pathetic dudes that need a quick buck. But, this week, they sent me a real hottie. She looked gorgeous, and she was a brunette with fantastic curves and a massive, bubbly booty. I couldn’t take my eyes off her since she showed up at my door in her tight athletic clothes. After watching her clean for some time, I offered her some dough to show me her amazing ass. After a bit of talking, her attitude changed, and she was playful. So, I decided to push things to their limit and I offered her an extra tip if she cleaned my house while being fully naked! She gladly accepted that. While the sexy naked girl was cleaning the bathroom, I pulled out my cock and asked her if she was DTF. She started yelling at me but when I flashed a stack of cash in front of her face her eyes lit up! From there, it was nothing but a good time. I had even more cash on my hands. And I used a fuck ton of it to pay her to fuck me. Naked babe shoved my cock down her throat until it couldn’t go any further like it was nothing! She deepthroated my massive schlong and that got me so horny that I threw more cash in her face. Hottie stood over me, sat on my dick and started grinding her pussy on it. My entire world was simply the delicious feeling of her hot, tight pussy sliding up and down my cock. She grabbed my hands and rode me like a rodeo champ! I felt her pussy throb up and down my happy dick. She was grinding her cunt all over me, writhing on top of me and slamming herself hard down upon me. I felt her booty mash against my body. She was cumming so hard there were farting noises coming out of her vagina as she squirted. She had a few squirting orgasms. She groaned as she squirted on my cock, spraying a jet of female ejaculation on to my stomach. I took her mouth like a hoe that she is, and then I fucked her in the doggy style. After that, my house wasn’t spotless, but at least I busted a nut and created a mess I could be proud of in the end. I hope that the cleaning company sends me this girl again. 