I have this cute and geeky stepdaughter who looks like a true, adorable nerd. She enjoys wearing a schoolgirl skirt and shirt and, with those large glasses, you’d think she’s a real genius. However, as it turned out, she wasn’t really all that active in school. Her report card came in the mail and, the moment she heard I saw it, she dropped down on her knees and started begging me not to tell her mother. Apparently, she was skipping plenty of classes and in a private school nonetheless. I was adamant about telling her mom but that’s when she resorted to a different tactic. As she was kneeling in front of me, her petite hands started fondling me through pants. Just moments later, without question, she pulled my cock out and started stroking it with her small hands. I was already throbbing so she paid no attention to what I was saying while asking her to stop. I quickly gave in. Just moments later we were half-naked on the couch. My stepdaughter lost her skirt and panties and was now lying down while facing me. With those slim legs spread wide, I stared at both of her tight holes as she kept stroking my fat member. The naughty schoolgirl was now rubbing her trimmed snatch in front of me while I held those firm asscheeks spread so that I could stare at her cute, little asshole. I could see the look of satisfaction on her face so I started rubbing and fingering her, quickly making this mischievous nubile scream in an intense orgasm. Satisfied, we stopped there. However, the next time I found her, in her room, she was taking naughty selfies in front of a mirror.   I wanted to take that phone away from her but she had already figured me out. With those big eyes staring at me, I wasn’t even trying to stop her as she pulled my hands down and pulled my dong right out. This time she placed those luscious lips on the shaft and started slobbering all over it. We ended up on the bed where she lied on her belly in front of me and proceeded to give me the best blowjob of my life. My huge schlong was too big for her tiny mouth but she was sucking me off like a pro. She licked, kissed, sucked and even gently bit my balls! Where the hell did she learn this? She took off her pants and sat on my cock with her wet pussy. Her wet teen pussy was sliding the length of my shaft, teasing me. She was humping faster, masturbating herself with my cock but without penetration. When I was ready to cum she felt it, grabbed my cock and kept sucking it like a vacuum cleaner. I rewarded such a good blowjob by giving her a warm mouthful of jizz to swallow and she did that like a good stepdaughter. The next time I had to teach her how to clean her room. When I saw her, bent over a washing machine, I decided to go all in. Horny as much as I was, she simply lowered her panties in front of me and I started ramming her doggy style. Her sweet pussy was so tight around me and felt so wonderful. I fucked her faster as I felt her pussy around my cock, squirting all over me. Her screams quickly filled the room as I proceeded to pound her in every way possible before rewarding her with another messy load of jizz.