Sometimes, accidents happen, but the ending of them is what you determine in the end. You see, my accident was quite specific, and I didn’t expect it at all. You know, I have a long-time girlfriend who has an adorable friend, and she wanted her to stay with us for a few days. I didn’t have anything against that, and it was okay with me. But, somehow, it happened that her friend is the chick that I used to fuck way before meeting her. Of course, at first, we agreed to keep it a secret. But, it didn’t take a long time before we were touching each other and flirting. The crazy slut didn’t wait for my girlfriend to leave us alone and went under the table to suck my dick. While my babe was making coffee for us, her slutty friend was sucking my cock. It was hard to have a poker face and play cold and straight when her lips and tongue were on my balls. The slut was going to make me cum in her mouth right next to my girlfriend. But my girlfriend figured this out, and she caught us. She was freaked out, but, after some encouragement, she joined the action too. Eventually, my girlfriend’s friend, and my ex at the same time, was sucking my cock beneath the kitchen counter. The girls tried to figure out who could swallow my huge cock deeper. I couldn’t fucking believe this, but I had two cuties nibbling on my dick, sucking it, taking it all in their mouths. I took the girls both to our room, and that’s where they continued to suck me off like they’ve never seen a cock before. Also, I luckily have quite a huge rod, so it was enough to fascinate them both. After that fantastic sucking session, though, it was the time for some great banging.   So, we started with my ex riding me first, and it was fucking incredible. She’s a cute brunette with a petite body and a beautiful, bubble butt. Plus, her pussy is so tight, and she knows how to ride a goddamn cock. Because of that, I let her jump up and down on it. And she did such a good job that I was horny like a maniac. Eventually, though, I remembered that I also have a girlfriend, so, to save my ass, I let her ride me. Now, my girlfriend isn’t up for debate, and she’s a good fuck too. She knows how to ride a cock, and she especially loves to tease me and make me nut with her reverse cowgirl show. So, I enjoyed that too, and it was gorgeous. Entering one pussy after the other is the best feeling ever, and I couldn’t get enough of it. That’s why I fucked my ex once more, this time in the doggy style, while she was playing with my girlfriend. Of course, I fucked my girlfriend in the doggy style too, and I did it as I watched her lick my ex’s pussy like it was the sweetest candy ever. Both naked girls were kissing and licking each other here and there. Of course, after a while, it was the time to nut, and I did it as I was fucking my girlfriend in the missionary position as her lips drowned in pussy. It was the best feeling ever, and I hope that I can do it again with these girls someday!