Young and curvaceous babes were passionately making out on the bed. Both girls, the blonde and the brunette were sporting pairs of breathtaking, large, supple breasts. The more the girls kissed, the more the room temperature rose. Soon enough, both hotties were losing their minds and they started stripping, ready to push things much further. After stripping all but thin, skimpy panties, their thick curves went out on full display. Staring at each other, the babes were admiring their voluptuous bodies that even many sexy MILFs don’t have. The brunette was the first one to lie on her back and spread those legs as blonde buried her face between. She simply moved panties to the side and her warm, wet tongue easily found that tight, pink pussy. She inhaled her musky scent then pushed her tongue in between her lips and began lapping. It was already dripping wet as she sensually slobbered all over it. Eager to lick pussy, the brunette stripped her girlfriend completely and they switched positions. She was now eating the blonde out, drilling her aching cunt with a wet tongue and watching the look of pleasure on the blonde’s face. It wasn’t long before the blonde reached an explosive orgasm and started squirting all over the place. Enjoying a messy climax, the brunette was happy to continue licking in between her girl’s orgasms. However, that was just a start. Having enjoyed another kinky pussy licking in a doggy style position, the naked girls sat against each other, crossed their legs, and started scissoring vigorously. They just kept kissing, squealing, grinding their slick pussies against each other in small figure of eight patterns and thrusting their clits against each other.  Simultaneously moaning in pleasure while rubbing their snatches off of each other, they’d only stop for the blonde to squirt even more, before going back to tribbing even harder. The brunette was bent on squeezing every last drop from her girlfriend’s pussy and she kept pleasuring her into many more squirting orgasms filled with face sitting, rubbing, and pussy licking. She sat on her face pushing her pussy against her mouth, grinding her clitoris against her mouth. 