My stepdaughter is probably one of the laziest people on the planet. My wife had to go early to work, so I was left with the job of waking the little brat up so that she wouldn’t be late for school. Of course, the little slut was just waiting for me to make her do something so that she could use her powers of seduction on me. She immediately turned around and started acting like she was sick, trying to weasel out of going to school, but she knew that this wouldn’t fly with me so she had something else in store for me. And then a little slut took out her sexy small titties and started seducing me. I swear that I was ready for many things from her, but not for that. I was never expecting my own stepdaughter to be willing to go that far, but that’s when I found out that she was willing to go even farther than that. She got my cock out and started handling it with her hand. Her hand was warm and soft. My cock jerked immediate. The little teen whore looked into my eyes, sliding her hand over my sensitive head and down my shaft. I thrust my fingers into her pussy, relishing every twitch and quiver of her youthful body. She looked so innocent. She was so beautiful. I wanted nothing more just to put my cock on her pretty face and watch her lick it. I moved up on the bed and laid my cock onto her waiting lips. She even stuck her tongue out and I slapped the head against it. Taking it in her mouth she started sucking on my dick. My balls were dangling on her breasts. They rubbed against her nipples as I guided my cock into her mouth. I wanted to cum in her mouth and my balls were aching. A woman, no matter how young, when she gets a cock in her mouth she just has to have sex with it too. That’s what my stepdaughter did as she climbed on top of me. I looked at my cock sliding inside her bald pussy. It was amazing. I may have felt a pussy as good as her wrapped around my cock before, but if so it was too long ago to remember. She started riding my dick, grinding her pussy against me, I felt her pussy contact even tighter on my cock as she tickled her clit with one finger, squeezing lightly her breast with the other hand. She thrust hard against me, driving her pussy down hard over my cock. Then she turned on her back, spread her legs wide open so I could fuck her sopping wet cunt. I fucked that tight pussy so good, pulling almost all the way out and driving balls deep into her young cunt again and again. She bit her lip as she grunted and bucked. Knowing I was cumming inside her must have pushed her over the edge. She welled up in continued orgasm and humped against me using her pussy to suck as much of my cum out of me as she could. I ejaculated hard! I sent her off to school with my cum leaking out of her pussy. 