If you followed the last episode of this great movie, then you already know what happened. The cop faked his death, left his wife widowed and blind and then he had to return into their house to pick up his drug money. Not only that, he even brought his new girlfriend into the house to have sex on his wife’s bed. The sex was amazing, they drove each other wild and he nutted all over her face. He left his girlfriend gasping for breath, blowing cum bubbles out of her mouth and went to pack cash in a bag. Later she went to the kitchen to drink some water. Suddenly she saw the owner of the house, it was a blind woman with a hammer in her hand, that scared shit out of her. Despite the fact that the woman was blind, she was pretty resolute. However, she had to throw the hammer when she heard a gun on the back of her head. Her husband a police officer completely forgot that it was him who taught her to handle such situation. During the struggle, she hit him on the head with a vase, pushed him onto the couch, her hands touched his face and then the blind woman realized it was her husband, alive! She couldn’t even think straight, she began to cover him with her soft kisses. And that led once more to a great sex session. She missed him. She missed his body. She missed his cock. This wife maybe is blind, but she knows how to operate a cock even with that flaw. She sucked it like a true queen, swallowing it all, and, of course, licking it as well. It was magnificent, and she genuinely put in the effort to throat fuck it and enjoy every second of it. Because of that, her husband, the corrupt cop, became even hornier and practically planted her on his dick. Now, the sexy naked babe was riding him, and with her gorgeous, wet, and tight pussy, this looked incredible. She loved riding his dick so much that she was always moaning and panting from pleasure. After that, her husband flipped her and fucked her in the missionary position. Her gorgeous body looked even better in this pose, and the sex just looked impressive and fantastic. After that, the husband fucked his wife sideways, and that was enough to please his dick. When he came in her mouth it was time to take the money and get out of there. But his wife was not as stupid as he thought. All of them had a huge fight, which ended in a fatality. 