Porn generally has ridiculous plot lines, and this case is not an exception either. Here we have a supposed amnesiac, who didn’t remember anything after a horrible car accident. Fortunately his girlfriend worked as a nurse and was taking care of him. Bad news that another girl showed up at the hospital and claimed that she was the one meant to be with him. The nurse was jealous! The girls both started to fight over him and proceeded to tell him shit to make him remember who he truly loves. When that didn’t work, they decided to compete for his love physically. Of course, that means that the girls both want to fuck him to see who’s pussy he remembers the most. At first, two hot Latina babes started to suck him off, but this wasn’t peaceful. They argued over who gets his cock the most, and who has the right to suck it more. Eventually, though, after some more bickering, the girls accepted that they need to share it. So, naturally, one sucked on his balls while the other swallowed his whole cock, and this often switched between both of them. That’s why Latina women are so fucken good, they’re rowdy sometimes, demanding, and always horny. When it was the time to fuck, they all did it masterfully! Thick naked nurse pushed her ass onto his cock and made him fuck her from behind. She even started twerking her thick ass as he fucked her. The other his girlfriend was fully naked on his hospital bed, rubbing her pussy and waiting her turn. He pulled out his cock out of one pussy, pushed the girl aside and put his cock in the other pussy. He began picking up the pace, driving his long cock in and out of her cunt. From the moment the girls felt this big cock inside of them, both became submissive and obedient.   The naked girls caressed each other, cuddled, sucked on their tits, and rubbed their pussies while they were fucking this man. And he fucked them in numerous poses. You have some missionary for starters, but he plowed them both in the doggy style and many other positions. He switched between both their cunts, while he sucked on their boobs or pussies as well. The entire sex session was wild. Two hot naked Latina girls wanted to fuck this dude in all possible positions. So, while one was fucking him, the other was sitting on his face, rubbing her cunt all over his face. It was a wild mix of juices like spit, pussy juices, pre-cum, and other things. He fucked them both several times, often pulling out of one pussy and entering the other with practiced swiftness, almost without losing his rhythm. In and out, from one pussy and into the other, back and forth, watching and listening as both girls moaned in pleasure, listening to the wet sounds of their pussies getting fucked. Both girls licked each other in 69 as he took turns fucking their pussies and mouths. Two women fighting over his cum on their face was too much for the dude and he spurted, squirting cum all over their faces together. When he was done fucking them both, he wanted to see them have some fun together, so he let these two chicks eat each other.