This guy and his girlfriend are getting frisky when she starts to hint at a special surprise. His girlfriend are finally doing some roleplay! He DOES have a thing for sexy lady cops… After she leaves, he parks himself on the couch and whips out his cock, deciding to be ready. There’s a knock on the door. He hears a woman’s voice state that she’s with the police and that he better open up. The dude is delighted, keeping his eyes closed as he continues jerking off, thinking that it’s his girlfriend playing around. Little does he know, it’s a REAL cop! She’s been getting noise complaints from the neighbors about his girlfriend and him as they were fucking just way too loudly and doing freaky shit all on the public. Of course he thinks it is his girlfriend roleplaying with him and gets all the more excited for what’s to come. Finally he opens his eyes and comes face-to-face with a real female cop! He tries to explain but other than being a real cop, this babe is also incredibly hot, so it is only a matter of time before we see her get into some action with the guy. He is really surprised when the woman grabs on his dick. He lets the blonde female cop get down on her knees to suck him off and just goes with the flow. It turns out to be the best decision of the day for him as the babe is just so damn good at giving blowjobs. There is no stopping her here and she is doing such a fine job at it that the guy forgets about his girlfriend. After a bit of dick sucking, the female cop gets fully naked, gets on the couch on all fours in the doggie position, sticks her big ass high in the air for him and then turns to say “STICK YOUR COCK UP MY CUNT AND FUCK THE SHIT OUT OF ME!” As he starts things off by taking the policewman from behind, he has to admit that the real deal is way better than a roleplay! The bitch is amazing at riding dick! He watches her big all natural tits bounce wildly as he rams his cock inside of her. You can hear the wet sound of his balls slapping against her big ass as his prick reaches deep into her pussy. 