These girls are just practicing their lap dancing skills on each other. The blonde babe is taking the lead and dancing on the brunette. However, as they’re doing this, the two of them notice that a dude has been staring at them the entire time. It turns out he is their new roommate, he is quite shy, he even tries to run away but the girls catch him. Now with a subject at their disposal to practice, the ladies quickly sit him down, and break into their routine. Of course, the blonde babe with curly hair sells the story like they’re just going to be lap dancing and nothing else, but of course, those aren’t her actual intentions. What the blonde babe is actually looking for here is a hot threeway, and the brunette already knows this which is why she starts groping her own tits while the blonde babe does a little lap dance for the dude. Blonde discovers his hardening cock, and asks her friend if she would like to see how big it can get! The ladies strip naked and tease him with their asses. Eventually, they both get down on their knees in front of the dude and take out his big dick to suck on it. He still can’t believe what’s going on, two hot sexy babes are sucking on his cock and they do a really good job at it. They switch between each other one at a time as they suck on his hard cock. They give him a nice sloppy blowjob and lick his shaft and his nuts too. The babes even go as far as to make out while giving him a double handjob. Then comes the best part of the threesome. The girls get naked and get ready to ride his dick. The blonde babe starts jumping on his dick and the brunette sits on his face to get her pussy licked.   Blonde quickly picks up her speed and really begins bouncing on his cock with a fury. Her perfect ass bounces wildly as she places her hands on his chest and fucks away. She can’t get enough of it no matter how hard she is riding the dude. At the same time the brunette’s wet cunt are thrashing wildly against his face. Naked blonde with her nice tits with pierced nipples then turns around for some reverse cowgirl fucking. She’s got some nice tattoos on her arms too, but the brunette has a bigger ass and the dude wants to get a piece of that for sure. That’s why it’s time for the brunette to start riding the dick, which she does, but the blonde is also there to get some fun out of it with the brunette now being the one licking pussy. The threesome intensifies and things get hotter by the second. Eventually, both naked girls bend over and we get a nice shot of their bleached assholes and tight pussies before the dude starts shoving his dick inside them and fucking them both. He doesn’t hold back at all and loves getting his long shaft inside their pussies one at a time. Naked girls are patient and wait their turns as the dude moans and fucks them as the babes also moan and want more and more. In the end both of them get to orgasm and the dude gets to cum too and creampie the babe. It’s one of the best threeways ever caught on video.