Generally, women carry a lot of metal and all that crap. They wear jewelry, have keys for all sorts of shit, and that’s like the main reason they get stopped in the airport. Well, that same thing happened to this woman. She’s a hot MILF, with a curvy body, unbelievable boobs, and a great ass. But, she carries a fuck-ton of rings and all that girly crap. So, when the TSA stopped her, they took her to a secluded room. There, she was with two agents, who were waiting to check her and see whether she had anything forbidden. While one of the guards interrogated her, the other one conducted a cavity search and found out the suspicious object flagged was a butt plug she had been wearing the whole time! A fuckin butt plug right in her asshole! However, instead of asking her to take it out, he started playing with it while his colleague continued to question her. Anal slut tried her best to contain her moans, but the officer eventually discovered what was going on and joined his colleague, giving her two cocks to suck! At first, she went down on them both. And she was a real pro. She was gobbling on two fantastic cocks, licking and sucking them both, and she couldn’t get enough. She sucked them both off, and she fucked her own throat with these two cocks. That got both guards horny, and now, she was prepared to take their dicks as well. At first, they started with some great missionary pounding over the table. One dude was fucking her tight pussy, while she was sucking the other man off. She generally loved the feeling of gobbling their cocks, and nothing could stop her from doing that. Of course, the other dude wanted something more than a blowjob too. So, they switched fast to double penetration riding. She was riding one dick with her pussy, while the other one was drilling her tight and squeezing asshole.   Anal slut loved it all very much, and it made both her holes feel very good. And, the cocks were big, feeling two hard cocks at her holes simultaneously was amazing. They moved on to some excellent doggy style. Now, one dude fucked her pussy, while she was sucking the other man as well. It was fantastic, and the action was super intense. They fucked while the slut was anally riding one man, all while the other is fucking her pussy and enjoying it all. The action was sped up, and now they fucked her like maniacs, just waiting to fill her holes. They knew she would like feeling two cocks cum in her at the same time. They kept picking her up, flipping her, fucking her in pussy and ass, making her suck them off, and all other things. In the end, they both stood up, took her, and then fucked her both holes while they were standing. Her legs were shaking with an enormous orgasm at the intensity of the pleasure she got from feeling two cocks fucking her asshole and her cunt at the same time. She wanted to be fucked senseless like this so much and two cocks cumming in her together made her almost go out of her mind with pleasure. She felt their hard cocks cumming, shooting hot cum inside her and filling her pussy and ass with warm seed. With cum leaking out of her pussy and ass and running down her legs, they let her off. 