My young stepsister had a friend over. She was this exotic, little beauty who was as kinky as she was hot. While my stepsis was on her laptop, her friend was already slobbering all over my raging hardon on a nearby couch. Such an intense dick sucking alerted my teen stepsis who quickly came by, curious as to what was going on. Somewhat reluctant at first, it took a bit of convincing before she joined her bestie. Moments later, I had two girls taking turns sucking me off, giving me the best double blowjob of my life. My stepsis, who was this equally skinny brunette, turned out to be just as good as giving head as her Asian friend. My thick shaft fit perfectly between their luscious lips as the girls made it all wet and slippery in addition to keeping it rock hard. That’s when things started getting even spicier. Girls removed their tops and I stared at their tiny tits as my stepsis continued swallowing my schlong. She was so good at it she quickly brought me to my limits and I shot a massive load in her mouth. Instead of swallowing, she let it spill out of her mouth while making out with the other chick, letting her get a taste of my warm jizz. Both girls’ tongues were connected by a thick cum string! We stopped there but I was far from done with these two. The next time I found them, they were in the middle of cheerleading practice and I could see their tiny pussies because they worked out pantyless. It didn’t take much convincing and, in a matter of seconds, we were all naked. Both naked cheerleaders took turns riding my meat while making out and licking their pussies. I fucked them hard and made them scream for more. Yes, it sounds like every man’s fantasy — having sex with two girls, and more than that — watching them having sex with each other. One after another the girls slid my cock into their pussies. Finally my sister’s friend spread my sister’s ass cheeks wide with her hands and watch me cumming on her asshole and pussy. Big globs of cum were all over her both holes. Sister’s friend began to lick it out of my sister’s asshole! I’ve never seen anything like that before! These girls were fuckin cum sluts! 