His stepdaughter wanted her bestie to stay over the house this weekend. Her stepdad agreed for her friend to come over, but he explicitly said that the house routine wouldn’t be changed. He will only allow it if her friend fully understands the house rules! It means that he will still fuck his stepdaughter anytime he wants. First, her friend was going to have to watch while she sucked him off right in the kitchen. At the dinner table, the old pervert just told her to get on the floor and suck his dick as if it was nothing special. Her friend had to watch it. She was a little bit scared at first, but she kept sitting on a chair. In the meanwhile, her friend was giving her stepdad a blowjob. She even spat on his dick like a slut from a porn movie. She sucked his dick until her stepdad came in her mouth. Then the girl had to wipe the cum off the daddy’s cock with a napkin and only after that she was allowed to play with her friend. However, that was not all the sex they had that night. It was just the beginning. A couple of hours later, the girls watched TV on the floor. They were both barefoot, wearing nothing but thongs and tiny tank tops. The pervert came to the room and started touching his stepdaughter. She didn’t say anything and had to obey. Then he slowlly pulled off her panties and stuck his prick into her young pussy from behind. He made her to get on all fours and he kept fucking her not paying attention to her friend. Her bestie was a little scared still, but she remained quiet also. The mature pervert fucked his stepdaughter in the doggy style in front of her friend, as it was the most normal thing in the world. At one point, he put his hand on her stepdaughter’s friend’s ass. He pulled down her panties too, and she didn’t object at all. Very soon, he switched from his stepdaughter’s pussy to her friend’s young wet cunt.   His stepdaughter sat on her friend and spread her ass cheeks so her stepdaddy could fuck her harder. After that, the pervert lay on his back on the floor, and his stepdaughter sat on his cock and began riding it. While she was doing it, her friend was licking her pussy and his balls too. Very soon, the girls both got completely naked. They arched their back so that the pervert could lick their asses and pussies. The naked girls were on top of each other. Kneeling on the floor in front of the girls, he went from one pussy to the other, lapping away. He kept fucking their pussies and finally came in their mouths. The girl who came as the guest was below her friend, and her friend spat daddy’s cum on her face. She was so messy, and her whole face was covered with jizz. He came on their faces and made them lick the cum from each other. Soon the naked girls went to bed. However, while they were sleeping, the old pervert sneaked into their room and made his stepdaughter’s friend suck his cock, while his stepdaughter was sleeping on the same bed. He came all over her pretty face again so she could remember this weekend for a long time.