This pretty babe hangs out with two of her friends. The girls talk her into being more assertive and finding some hard dick to fuck. In this moment, one of her friend’s husbands gets home from work and says hello. However, on that occasion, it is just the girls, and no husbands are allowed! Ok, he goes to the bathroom. The babe says that she needs to go to the toilet, but actually, she goes to her friend’s bedroom. There she sees his cock when he is in the shower. She takes off her dress and keeps only her high heels. She lays on the bed and waits for her friend’s husband to come in. When he comes in, he is shocked. She in’t. The sexy naked girl is smiling and asks him to lick her pussy. At first, he objects a little, but when the naked girl spreads her legs in front of him, he gives in. He kneels between her thighs, his mouth all over her lovely pussy. He sticks his tongue in her pussy and licks every coner of her wet cunt that he can reach with his probing tongue. She holds her legs spread wide apart for him. He spreads the cheeks of her gorgeous ass and starts to kiss and lick her asshole! She squirms as he greedily lick her between her asshole and her pussy. “Now stick your huge cock in my pussy.” he complies and thrusts into her in one quick move! She is so horny, so she rubs her pussy while she is getting fucked. “Your cock feels amazing! Oh! Fuck me hard! Oh yes please, please, please fuck me!” At one point, two of her friends heard someone fucking. They come to the bedroom, but the door is locked. The wife gets so angry and yells that their marriage is over! He doesn’t care. The babe takes off her heels and sits on his huge dick. She starts riding it like a cowgirl. The guy spanks her gorgeous ass and slaps her tits, and he also pulls her hair while he is banging her. “You’re so deep inside me and I’m gonna orgasm all over your wonderful penis.” Her body shakes violently. Her pussy grabs tight to his cock. Finally, the sexy naked babe kneels in front of him and licks his balls until he cums all over her pretty face and her filthy little mouth. 