Two of the sexiest teens together. Two beautiful pussies in one scene! What a treat! A blonde and a brunette are two girlfriends who hang out together all the time. The girls especially like to talk about men and sex. One day, they were talking about oral sex. The blonde said that she sucks her boyfriend’s cock all the time, but that he never licked her pussy in return. Her friend was shocked because she knows how good it feels when someone pleases you orally. She slowly started touching her friend, and that is when their friendship raised to an ultimately another level. She pulled down her panties and started rubbing her wet pussy. When it became all juicy, she started licking it! Both teen girls were naked now, except for the socks and shirt on one of them. And I personally love the socks and shirt contrasting the other girl’s full nudity. The friend was licking her pussy so good. It tasted great as she was pressing her mouth all over her puffy pussy. She delved as deep as her tongue could go, exploring her inner depths. She tasted so sweet, also smelled great with her excitement. I have to say this girl has the most beautiful looking pussy that I have ever seen whether it be in movies or in real life simply perfect and any man or woman that gets to touch lick or just lay eyes on it should feel blessed. Her friend sucked on her fluffy pussy lips and nibbled on her sensitive clit until she came in her mouth. No one licks pussy better than a woman! The blonde had the best orgasm in her life and couldn’t stop shaking. However, it was then the time for the blonde to satisfy her friend. The teen lesbian stood in a doggy style pose, and the blonde began licking her pussy from behind. While she was doing it, she also licked her gorgeous ass hole. She never touched anyone’s ass before, and it was so erotic to lick both her holes. While she was doing it, she was also rubbing her pussy, showing that she is very naughty, creative, and talented. After that, the naked girl lay on her back, and her friend sat on her face. She was wiping her face with her pussy. The blonde took her tongue out and enjoyed it a lot. Finally, the naked girls took a small dildo to stick it in their asses. The anal play was hot, I really liked the close-ups of one girl fucking the other girl’s ass to dialogue like “I’ve never had anything go up my ass before…” god I love dirty talk like that!  