A young rich guy decided to do the trick one day. He disguised himself as a homeless person and started asking people for money on the street. At one point, he saw a hot girl going next to him. He stopped her for a second and started talking to her. He asked her if she would like to hang out with him. She told him that she is really in a hurry and that she has other plans. He said okay, and then a seemingly homeless man took off his dirty jacket and got into a luxurious sports car. When the girl saw it, she came after him. She asked him if this is his Mercedes, and he said that he has a few of them. She told him that she is free to hang out after all! Of course she changed her mind after seeing the car! But still he told her to get inside. She got in immediately. Right after they started going, the slut took out her beautiful tits. He took out his penis and told her to jerk it. She did what he said without any conversation. She started giving him a blowjob while they were driving through the city in a roofless car. He took her to some abandoned place in the industry zone and told her to get out. He didn’t need to ask twice, she started sucking his dick right there. Trying her best to please him she worked his cock with her mouth and tongue, licking, sucking and at times even drooling, she even jerked it with her boobies. The rich guy watched the head of his cock drive between her soft tits and hit her mouth. Then she pulled down her panties, turned around, and sat on his dick.   She was jumping on it like a naughty little girl. Her ass was fantastic, and her gorgeous pussy was fully shaved. Grabbing her soft ass with both hands he pulled her harder against himself. Her pussy sprayed her juice all over his inner thighs and balls as she orgasmed. After that, she leaned upfront on the hood, and he banged her pussy from behind. Ha grabbed and pulled her hair while he was fucking her, and spanked her naughty ass. He also licked her pussy and her ass hole. The girl soon took off all of her clothes. She was totally naked in public in the middle of the day, and she didn’t care at all. She just showed how slutty and shameless she is. He lay on his back on a towel, and the naked girl sat on his dick and started riding it. She had several tattoos on her hot body, including a butterfly tattoo below her tits. Her feet were gorgeous, and her toenails were painted in purple. After he fucked her good, he ordered her to kneel in front of him so he could cum on her face. She did what he asked for, and while she was waiting for his cum, she opened her mouth and put her tongue out. He shot a big load all over her pretty face. She grabbed his cock with both hands and squeezed out every drop of from it. When he was done, he just got in a car and left, leaving her naked in public with cum all over her face.