Some lesbians are content without a dick, that much you have to admit. But this one wasn’t. She invited her friend over for a “study date”, but instead hitting the books, she was going to make him study her juicy little pussy. You see, a dick is a dick, even if it belongs to a nerd. After school, she hung with her girlfriend first. Her tomboy girlfriend was sitting in an armchair watching the babe stripping in front of her. Her round big ass, long luscious locks and perky tits are made to play with. Unfortunately someone interrupted the fun. Her girlfriend went down to get the door, but she quickly texted him “Go around the back and come upstairs” She would not move to cover herself when he entered the room. The half naked girl was lying on her bed with her legs spread open, rubbing her pussy and watching his reaction. He settled between her legs, stuck out his tongue and gentle licked her swollen lips. Her pussy was bald and her clit was throbbing. But there was a catch – her girlfriend was around, and if she caught them in the act, he would certainly meet his end. But her pussy was so delicious! He was kissing, sucking and licking on her sweet pussy. They started with some fantastic pussy licking. The geek licked this chick beautifully, and he took her whole pussy into his mouth. He sucked on every part of it too! The labia, the clitoris, everything. His tongue swirled around her pussy loving the scent of her flesh the tang of her juice. And this babe’s pussy was juicy, wet, and insatiable at the same time. So, after a licking like that, she was temporarily pleased and immediately moved on to sucking this dude’s cock. At first, she licked it, but after a while, she couldn’t hold back anymore. So, she grabbed that cock, and stuffed her full throat with it. She was throat-fucking this dick all while looking into his eyes. She looked him in the eye as she reached down and placed his dickhead at the entrance to her wet cunt and lowered herself onto his cock.   Babe didn’t move at first, just put her hands on his chest and tried to adjust to being completely filled with his cock. The hot naked babe began to slowly and methodically fuck him, using her pussy muscles in ways that he didn’t even know were possible as she milked him. She enjoyed it all, and you could see her cute little asshole as she’s impaling her pussy with that penis. Of course, she switched between both the cowgirl and reverse cowgirl poses, which was impressive. His hips jerked upwards pushing into the tight welcoming hole feeling the slick lips the tight walls clamping down on him. He slid his hands around her hips to her big ass cupping the soft cheeks pulling and kneading the thick globes such a wonderful fucking ass. After that, she got down again, all while this dude was now plowing her in the missionary position. She moaned and squealed as her pussy was getting pounded. Of course, the girlfriend came back home at that moment, and these two fell off the bed immediately. There, they hid in fear and anticipation, and they were praying that the girlfriend wouldn’t find them. Luckily, she didn’t manage to spot them, so these two just continued fucking. “Quick, cum on my face!” For the final pose, they decided to go all out with some doggy style banging, and that was utterly fantastic. This little brunette lesbian has a good booty, and she has to use it more to take cocks in it. But, overall, the doggy style plowing is fantastic, and they couldn’t hold on anymore. His big cock was in her pussy, pounding her g spot, making her closer to an orgasm. And, his cock and balls were full, and he was waiting to shoot his load finally.