As the girls cleaned up the bathroom, they fondly recalled memories of them sharing the bath when they had been younger. There’s nothing better for a lady than having a close stepsister, but perhaps these two took it a bit further than expected. At first, the naked girls were chilling in the bathtub, just touching each other and playing. But, pretty soon, the soft caresses as they lathered each other’s bodies with soap soon triggered something deeper between them. They couldn’t resist eachother as they came together for more exploration, soon tasting each other’s breasts and pussies for the first time. This is a very erotic scene, these two have great chemistry! Their bathtub fun slowly turned into kissing, and after that, into a full-on making out! They practically swallowed each other’s nipples, all while also sensually groping their booties, and rubbing their pussies. And then, it happened. They finally broke the boundary between stepsisters and loves, and the alt sister got down on the other one. She tenderly licked the length of it, like a cat laps milk, before parting the lips with her tongue. Her pussy was so swollen and juicy. She licked and sucked her wet pussy, absorbing and swallowing all her juices. This girl was eating her stepsister out, and nothing could stop her right now. Then, that turned into a whole lesbian orgy where the girls ate each other out in numerous poses, trying to smell, sniff, and suck on every part of their pussies. There’s not much better things in life than two naked girls licking each other pussies. These two were excellent together with amazing chemistry. I love the sensuality and playfulness. They spread their legs and pushed their pussies to each other. They each orgasmed as their clitoris touched and their pussy lips kissed. Bathtub full of water sloshing and splashing around. The girls took turns licking their assholes, all the way from the assholes to those little clits. Of course, in the end, they both couldn’t do it anymore, since their pussies were practically vibrating from pleasure, and it was fantastic. 