These kinky young blonde lesbians are as mischievous as they are horny. Even when in public, they can’t help themselves from going down and dirty whenever possible. This time, they were in a supermarket when both got the urge to fool around. One of them, the smaller, skinnier blondie took her skirt down, revealing both of her tight, smooth holes to her girlfriend. She even grabbed one of the vegetables from the counter to playfully spank her pussy while teasing the other chick who was now kneeling behind her and enjoying the show, all hot and horny. Unfortunately, a store clerk ran into them, and they had to dress up quickly and run away. However, that didn’t stop the two from going around the store and flashing their tits in all the risky places, barely keeping themselves from being seen or caught. That’s when they ended up in a secluded place. Already losing their minds with horniness, the teen lesbians had to do something about it. Once again, the petite blonde was bent over for her girlfriend, who was on the knees behind her. The tiny cutie was now completely naked as the other chick ate out both of her holes with passion. Slobbering all over them, she could barely keep the petite girl quiet. Eager to return the favor, when the taller blonde stood up, little hottie licked her tits and sucked on her nipples before turning her around, pulling her panties down to her knees and licking both of her holes as well. That is when things got even spicier. Two naked girls found themselves on the floor. Petite blonde was on her knees in a doggy style position while the girlfriend licked that shaved pussy. Holding that firm ass, she sensually ate her up and down.   Young lesbians were so into each other they didn’t even notice a guy hiding behind the counter, taking kinky pictures of their dirty action and filming a video. Happy with what he got, he left blondes to themselves. Gentle pussy licking soon turned into vigorous fingering and naughty facesitting. Still in the doggy style, the little blondie was now having her tight snatch drilled with her girlfriend’s soft fingers before they switched once again. From being on her knees, cutie now sat down while the other chick stood up and straddled her face. Completely submitted to girlfriend’s wet snatch, skinny blonde with small tits now had her face and tongue buried deep inside. The dominant naked lesbian stood above her with legs spread and rode that pretty face until she was delighted. That is when they finally went utterly wild. Both girls sat down, crossed their legs, and started relentlessly scissoring right there, in the middle of the grocery store. From moaning and screaming while tribbing, they turned into a sixty-nine, hungry to taste each other again. Asses, tits, wet pussies, the girls took turns licking each other. Nothing was off limits, including tongue fucking each other’s ass while they sat over the other’s face. In this almost public lovemaking made their orgasms all the more intense. Another wet, warm, and sloppy pussy licking later, and both chicks were going nuts. There was no stopping the two as they continued fingering to many more orgasms, getting wetter by the minute.