Some babes just know it when they want a certain man. Women are generally docile creatures, and you need to hunt them, metaphorically. They’re seldom the ones to make the first move, and that’s what’s been frustrating men for thousands of years. But, when they know that they want a man with all of their heart, that’s when they move and make a plan to seduce him. And this babe did precisely that. When she was in love with a dude, or at least sexually attracted to him, she paid him a visit. And, like a good girl, she immediately seduced him with her hypnotic movements. Soon enough, her pants were off, and the man was down, licking her pussy like a champ. And, her pussy looks absolutely wonderful, there’s no doubt about that. She loved the feeling of him licking her pussy, and there was nothing better for her than that. He sucked on her juices, her clit, her labia, and everything else. He was so into it that this babe was already moaning with pleasure! But, after that, she enjoyed sucking his cock even more. She was so attracted to him that she basically swallowed his cock with excitement, entirely. And she licked everything, the head, the shaft, and, of course, the balls. She was willing to do anything just to unleash that animal inside of him! She was successful since the first thing after the oral that this dude did was picking her up and fucking her. He grabbed her leg, put his cock inside of her. And just fucked her there while they were both standing. As he slid his fingers up her pussy she screamed out in ecstasy and he could feel her pussy squirting as she came. He pushed her onto the bed and looked her body over. She had a nice full round ass.   He made her squirt one more time with his hand and then kept fucking her hard in doggy style. The dude was pounding her from behind, and you could see her bubbly butt and her tight little asshole poking just to say hello to him. Her booty looked amazing, so he put in extra effort and fucked her like a beast, making her squirt here and there. Then, the babe once again wanted to take the lead, so she sat on his cock and began to ride it, which was fantastic. She was jumping up and down, grinding and twerking her ass on his cock, squirting and having one orgasm after another! Her pussy was a magnet for that cock, squeezing itself around it and letting it hit her precious g spot. But then, they wanted to get even more intimate, so they did some sideways and missionary fucking. And everyone knows that the best feeling ever is when you’re holding a girl’s legs as you’re pounding her pussy as she’s looking in your eyes, moaning and begging for that sweet release of an orgasm. Her pussy gripped him harder and she came, yelling, her hands gripping the sheets, his cock shot thick streams of cum into her. The feeling of his cum filling her vagina made her have her own orgasm. He pulled his cum smeared cock out of her and the sticky white juice that filled her belly gushed from her throbbing cunt. He reached down and rubbed his cock around her swollen lips. Her pussy was dripping with cum. But he wasn’t done with her yet. Breathing heavy he pushed his cock back into her pussy and continued to fuck her.