Don’t miss this wild, rough, kinky, deep-dicking, squirting anal madness! This nurse is a cock hungry slut that can’t go long without being dicked down. She could barely wait for a doctor to leave before entering the patient’s room wearing nothing but seductive, red lingerie underneath a white coat. That crazy slut wanted a big cock to suck, and balls to fondle, she wanted to be inundated with cum! The guy in a bed couldn’t even get a word in before she jumped on top and straddled him, putting those beautiful, supple breasts in his face. He immediately started licking and squeezing them while listening to her horny breathing. Unable to resist, still on top of him, she quickly turned around into a sixty-nine. The patient’s massive, raging boner was already out and she took it with her lusty mouth. Her dripping wet pussy was in his face as she started deepthroating that fat schlong, gagging on it and drooling all over. Such intense and sloppy dick sucking and pussy licking didn’t last as she was too eager to feel the boner inside of her. The nurse simply stood up, rushed to remove her sexy panties, and sat on the dong like a slutty little cowgirl. Not only that, but she was so horny that she immediately took it in her tight asshole. Her mouth opened, as she impaled herself onto the hard cock. That throbbing boner started stretching her anus to absolute limits but it still slid all the way in. Just seconds later, the guy was ravaging her ass from underneath, impaling her balls deep and quickly getting her to the first squirting orgasm. Brunette’s fingers instantly rushed to her clit and she started vigorously rubbing it as her pussy squirted from anal pleasure. YES PLEASE FUCK MY ASS! That was just a start for these two as the nurse now spread her legs even wider, to take an even deeper pounding. The naked nurse bent over on the bed. Wearing nothing but red stockings and shiny high heels, she was now taking a massive rod in her ass doggy style. Harder than ever before, the guy ravaged her from behind while holding her neck firmly and making sure he was impaling her all the way.   Regardless of how hard he went, she just kept screaming and begging for more. He slid deep, pulled back, grabbed her hips, and slammed forward, impaling her ass on his cock. FUCK THAT HOLE! He thrust hard into her body, pulled back watching her asshole stretch to hold him, and then slammed forward hard. Withdrawing his member completely out of her whore hole, letting her squirt and then slamming back in. PUT IT IN ME, she commanded. I NEED YOUR COCK IN MY ASS! That’s when he laid her on the bed, spread her legs, and started railing from the front. Multiple screaming and squirting orgasms later, and he was finally reaching his limits. GIVE ME THAT CUM! GIVE ME THAT CUM!It didn’t take much convincing on her side before he shot huge loads of warm, sticky, and white jizz in her stretched asshole. For a second there, she thought they were finished but, before he even finished cumming, he shoved the dong back inside her cum filled ass and continued pounding. Again and again she was filled, again and again she squirted. How many times, she had lost count. Her ass and her face were covered with cum. Her ass ached from the pounding. Her nail dug deep, scratching his flesh. He pulled back only to savagely drive into her again. Forceful, deep anal penetrations. That’s when he switched and, for just a little bit, drilled her aching pussy, letting her feel it inside the other hole as well, before putting it back in her ass and going for more of hardcore anal hammering. They kept going to no end, fucking in every kinky and exotic position imaginable. 