Do you know how in porn, it always happens that a girl in the house seduces the repairman? Well, here, it happened too. There’s this gorgeous teen brunette slut, and she has a bomb-ass body. She also wears a tight little bikini that fits her perfectly. At first, she was just chilling, sucking on some ice cream, since the AC in her daddy’s house was broken. Then, she got bored and slowly started to rub her pussy, filming herself masturbating. So, at first, you can see her gently touching it. And, her cute pussy is lovely. It’s pink, wet, and incredibly juicy, a real textbook example of a gorgeous vagina. And then, the AC repairman came. He was a buff, black man, and everything about him screamed alpha male. So, he came to fix, but this little slut had different plans for the two of them. Since she was alone in the house, she followed him everywhere, trying to seduce him. Of course, it worked, since this poor man was horny as fuck, and that’s when the whole action started. At first, this babe slowly crawled towards his massive, now revealed dick. A cock, his big black cock was just a few inches from her face, big and swollen and jerking up and down. That huge black thing was throbbing and waiting for her. She took it in her sweet, juicy mouth and started to suck on it like it was just another ice cream. She slowly, seductively, twisted her tongue around it, and then she swallowed it. And she did it again, more and more until she was fucking herself in the throat with it. It felt fantastic, and this hoe, even though she’s a teen, definitely knew what she was doing, and she loved it all. The dude knew that she wanted his black cock in her bad.   Standing over him she simply slipped her panties off and sat on it. And when that big cock went inside of her pussy, it immediately hit her weak spot. Now, this babe was jumping up and down on it, moaning from pleasure, not wanting to stop. The way her pussy squeezed around that cock was fascinating, and it was so tight for that massive, black penis that he just came, squirting his cum all over her bubble ass. He rubbed the cum all over her ass and pushed it back into her pink pussy. The teen whore kept swaying her hips from side to side, working her ass onto his big, black cock. His cock felt amazing and she started twerking her ass. Then, when she couldn’t even stand anymore due to how good the sex was, the naked girl laid down face down on the floor. And this black dude took her ass and started to fuck her in the doggy style. It was terrific, and this babe was now moaning more than ever. Her freshly-shaven pussy was begging more and more for his massive black cock. This man also fucked her in the missionary position, and just drilled her pussy until the girl couldn’t take it anymore. They both had an intense orgasm, and turned on some AC to cool off after that fantastic sex session! There’s nothing than a good reward for some repairs!