A bombastic Latina housewife was strolling around her house one day when she spotted her husband being all frisky with their young maid. They were in a bedroom and his hands were all over her young body as she was squirming in pleasure standing in front of him. The wife was stunned and appalled, and she quickly figured out how to get back at him. Apparently, she wasn’t all that sweet or innocent as well. Next time these two ladies were alone, Latina made her move. The petite maid was making breakfast for the couple in the kitchen when the wife, who was sitting behind her, stuck her hand underneath the maid’s tiny and skimpy shorts. Surprised, little Asian teenie immediately started apologizing to the wife to no avail. She had no choice but to submit to mature babe’s dirty desires. Even when the husband came and sat at the table, Latina kept teasing and fondling the maid in secret, making her almost spill their drinks. At one point, she even had the maid crawl under a table and eat her shaved pussy out. The lady of the house was pressing her head more into her pussy, making her suck on her clit and tongue fuck her, despite the fact the maid had never had a lesbian experience before. She seized the opportunity to teach her a lesson, right under her oblivious husband’s nose. The next time the housewife caught their mischievous maid was in the bathroom. The teen was on her knees, scrubbing the floor when the MILF stripped nude, sat on a nearby counter, and started fingering her snatch until she ended up squirting. To punish the help, she squirts all over the nubile before standing up and shoving her wet pussy in the maid’s tiny mouth. Subdued, the maid started slobbering all over that cunt with passion. She soon started squirting all over her face and into the maid’s mouth. The girl just increased the pace of her licking up and down on her wet cunt.   It was now the nubile’s turn to take control over. The teen grabbed MILF’s legs firmly and continued eating her out like never before. Hungry for both of her holes, she even shoved her tongue in that tight, supple asshole, making Latina scream in pleasure and soon squirt in another orgasm. One orgasm, then another squirting orgasm into her face! The girl kept sucking and licking it. All wet and messy, the girls kept going until the wife was satisfied. However, she was far from being done with this kinky Asian hottie. The lesbian couple headed for the showers where they switched. Now, it was Latina’s turn to go down on her knees. Eager to taste that tight, young pussy, the wife turned the shower on to soak both of them and started licking. That’s when the Asian teen started screaming in pleasure while moving her hips back and forth, rubbing off of mature dyke’s wet, warm tongue. As time went on, the naked girls just kept going harder and naughtier. Constantly switching places while eating each other out, they kept exploring every position possible, squirting all over each other. Even when the husband came and tried to have fun with the maid, the wife sent him away. She claimed little Asian as her own to enjoy sloppy pussy licking and dirty, naughty tongue fucking to no end.