A sexy real estate agent came to show the house to a client. When they got there, the house was covered in toilet paper. That was not the first time it happened. The client was unpleasantly surprised, but he still decided to go in. What should have been an easy sale was repeatedly ruined by troublemaker teenager, who scared off the client with a series of pranks. He left, and the real estate agent wanted to clean that mess up a little. She unbuttoned her dress, so her bra and panties were visible. Suddenly, an 18-year-old boy grabbed her from behind. A horny teen wanted to feel that gorgeous body under his hands. He got a little too cocky for his own good and ended up getting caught by her. She started yelling at him, but he seemed like he didn’t listen. She noticed that he got turned on. She asked him how old is he and once he told her that he’s 18, she offered him a deal: he can fuck her if he promises that he won’t make any prank jokes with the house anymore. The sexy babe unzipped his pants and started sucking his dick. She was also massaging his balls as she sucked him. He was surprised as she grabbed his testicles and started sucking them gently, then avidly. After she sucked it right, she spread her legs for him so he could lick her pussy through her panties. When they were done with mutual oral sex, they went to the main thing. She got entirely naked, keeping only her boots on. The hot naked girl bent over, presenting her gorgeous ass for him to fuck doggy style. He had an enormous erection that he plunged firmly into her from behind, pressing her down and forward. Pounding into her he also placed both of his hand around her tits from behind and began to lift and squeeze them. Her ass cheeks were rippling with each thrust. Then the naked babe sat on his young dick and rode it on the floor like a real naughty cowgirl. Her big ass ferociously slamming against him. He banged her like hell until he came all over her pretty face. She needed it so much after all that stress at work. 