This sexy babe was a substitute teacher who just wanted an easy day, so she proposed that the class watch an educational movie. When the movie started, one of the students, a horny teenager, who was sitting far in the back and was the closest one to the teacher, couldn’t stop turning back and watching her gorgeous tits. He also noticed that she spread her legs under the table, and he could saw her panties between her skirt. He got so turned on that he took out his cock and began to stroke it under the desk! He got so relaxed, and the teacher spotted him. When she saw him, she started playing with her pussy. After a few minutes, she approached the student and told him to be quiet. She brought him to her table, told him to pull his cock out and give it her to suck. The sexy teacher began to suck his cock covertly right there in the classroom! One of the other students turned around towards them, but they reacted quickly, so he didn’t spot anything. When the class was watching the movie, the horny teacher took the boy and brought him to an empty classroom. There the babe sat on the edge of the desk, spread her legs and told him to lick here between her legs. Staring at her pussy he knelt down between her legs and nuzzled her hot pussy. He had never seen a pussy outside of the internet before. He began licking and kissing and sucking all over his teacher’s beautiful cunt as she looked down at him. With one hand she was playing with her tits. With her other hand she pressed his head hard to her pussy, pushing him deeper into her pussy, grinding his face against her wet pussy lips. When she came all over his face, his horny teacher took off her shirt and told him to grab her. He approached her, and they started kissing. She sucked his dick again and licked his balls. She got fully naked and kept on only her high heels. She let that boy bang her beautiful shaved pussy as hard as he could. He came in her filthy mouth and made her all messy. She was still so fucking horny, so she took his cock again and started sucking it because she wanted to clean every last drop of cum from it. 