Three petite and cute teenies were feeling all frisky and playful, learning how to suck a cock. Luckily, they had a guy with them who had this massive schlong and was more than happy to satisfy their needs. A particularly daring hottie with ravishing, black hair was the first one to grab the dick with her hands and start kissing it passionately. Her brunette friend was watching and enjoying the show while one tiny blonde seemed to be all shy and timid. That’s when the brunette figured out she’d help the blonde relax and learn how to deal with huge man meat properly. The guy found himself sitting down on a nearby sofa with this adorable blondie obediently kneeling in front of him. The other two girls were on her sides, watching carefully and giving all the kinky and dirty instructions. Seemingly unskilled, the blonde wasn’t that afraid to grab the dong with both of her tiny hands. Just seconds later, she was seductively stroking the shaft while slobbering all over the tip. The cock was simply too massive for her small mouth but she wasn’t a quitter. Using her spit as lube, blondie was taking more and more in and she was soon choking on it while fitting almost half of the size. Not neglecting the balls, she took every opportunity to lick them all up while giving a handjob. Two of the dark-haired beauties were eager to push her head down every time she’d start sucking. The girls just wanted to help their young friend deepthroat a monster dick. However, they couldn’t idly sit by and just watch. At one point, all three of them went on their knees in front of the man. He was now receiving the most amazing triple blowjob of his life. Three beautiful teen girls patiently waited to give him a blowjob and then took their turns sucking him off like dick hungry little vixens. One after the other, he stretched their tiny mouths and rammed their throats.   The little blonde was the first one to strip completely naked and sit on that member in a reverse cowgirl. Her petite pussy was dripping wet and she effortlessly swallowed the monster. With nothing but cute pink sneakers on, cute teen babe was now bouncing up and down, impaling herself balls deep while the other two teens watched the action taking every moment to give the guy another short blowjob or strip and lick each other. After that, the black-haired teen mounted the cock while the blonde sat on the guy’s face. Two young naked girls were staring at each other face to face as he fucked both of their wet pussies with his cock and tongue. From there on out, things went wild. The girls started switching and changing positions, eager to feel each other in every way possible, and to try out every single dirty thing. All three naked girls laid on their backs and hung their heads off the edge of the bed, he took turns fucking their mouths. Can you imagine yourself with three hot teen girls who are submissively waiting for your huge 10 inch dick into their little pussies? What about these three naked girls on all fours with their cute butts up in the air waiting for your cock? He fucked their mouths and pussies to no end with his massive cock, making all three of them scream in many intense orgasms before finally plastering them with a big, warm, messy cumshot. The girls covered in cum from head to toe kept making out with each other, kissing and licking the hot sperm from each other.