This striking young blonde fell apart with her equally beautiful, brunette girlfriend when she met a black guy she started hanging out a lot with. In order to remedy the situation, the two went to a classy party where they were supposed to rekindle old friendships and relationships. The brunette found herself reacquainted with the house owner, a rich and handsome guy who quickly took her somewhere private and soon started hitting on her. Meanwhile, the blonde and ерu black guy ended up in the bathroom. I loved it when she was washing his shirt and crossed eyes on him then after ran and jumped on him… that was like a hollywood scene preformed better. They immediately start with steamy and passionate kissing. In the other room, the brunette was seductively stripping in front of her old lover. With her dress off, she was now standing in the sexiest, black, lacy lingerie as the man marveled at the sight. Slowly, she approached him from behind to gag his mouth and tie his hands before walking away abruptly, leaving the man stranded. The brunette stormed off to her blonde friend, interrupting her make-out session with the black guy. Infuriated, she asked her friend to stop trying to set her up with other guys. Love the first minutes setting everything up. When she went into the bathroom and was fed up with her friend and decided to take control was so good. And the yes lets do this look from her friend as she was grabbing the black cock which led to some incredible erotic kissing as the dude waits his turn. Moments later, the brunette was lying on the bed wearing nothing but stockings and a garter belt. Her girlfriend was between her legs with that pretty face and wet tongue buried deep inside that smoothly shaved, dripping wet pussy. While being eaten out by her sexy blonde friend, she was simultaneously enjoying the man fondling her breasts and kissing her from behind. Sandwiched between this interracial couple, the girl was moaning in pleasure. The girls both look stunning throughout; especially love the lingerie and those heels … oh, those fucking sexy, red-soled, high heels. Then, both girls were on their knees in front of the guy and his massive, throbbing black dick.   Sexy girls were giving him the most sensual and erotic, slow, and gentle double blowjob before the brunette stepped it up a notch. The blonde held the shaft for her girlfriend and watched her gag while trying to deep throat. Her face was soon all messy from spit and precum but she was determined to swallow as much as possible. Finally, after making that cock rock hard and slippery, the brunette watched with pleasure as her girlfriend mounted it like a slutty cowgirl. Just a couple of seconds later she was riding vigorously while screaming in pleasure on that black schlong. The camera was behind, beautiful view of her backside with those sexy stockings! It didn’t take long for the blonde to cum and that’s when two hotties switched. Now, it was the sexy brunette finally enjoying that black meat stretching her insides. While riding the guy, she made out with the girl. The girls are so hot together. I have no idea how the dude was able to last that long with these beautiful girls with flawless bodies catering to his every need. They fucked in every position imaginable and both cuties came multiple times before having their beautiful faces covered in thick, white loads of warm and sticky jizz after a massive cumshot. Great directing, excellent lighting and perfect casting. Looking forward to Part 2.