This Asian girl’s stepbrother was getting ready for a bathtub. He forgot the close the door, and she saw him nude while she was speaking with her friend on the phone. As soon as she saw his dick and his massive cum filled balls, she told her friend that she would call her back. She got so horny that she got naked and came to the bathtub. Her stepbrother was lying with his eyes closed. The little slut took his dick underwater! He opened his eyes and got surprised, and she told him that she wanted him to fuck her so bad. Young naked girl put one foot in the water, and the other on the edge of the bathtub, placing her pussy right in front of her stepbrother’s face. He started licking it and got turned on so much. His sister closed her eyes in pure pleasure, as she threw her head back and moved her hips around, rubbing her wet pussy all over his face. They walked out from a bathtub and came to his room. His naked stepsister lay on her back on the bed and spread her legs. She enjoyed the sight of his fat cock sinking into her little pussy. Her hands were gripping the bed clothes for added stability as he started banging her in her. Her pussy was so tight, and she enjoyed her stepbrother’s big white dick going deep inside it. She felt his massive cock tense inside her pussy. His cock head exploded a massive load of cum deep inside her vagina. She moaned in pleasure as she felt her stepbrother’s gallon of man seed flow into her. The feeling of his hot cum shooting into her was amazing. She moaned, enjoying all of his cum pumping deep inside her. He pulled out a few inches letting his jizz escape just a little and thrust deep again, spurting another load of his creaminto her young cunt.   A fat glob of jizz bubbled out of her pussy when he withdrew. It oozed down her crack and over her asshole. She squeezed out another glob of white semen. In order to keep his cock hard her stepbrother put it directly to her mouth. She kneeled in front of him and started pushing her head on his dick, sticking it deep down her throat. She gave a nice blowjob and deserved to be fucked and cum filled again. She leaned back on the couch, and her stepbrother grabbed her butt. She put her feet high up in the air and took the cock in a position that she never fucked before. She was so wet, his cock slid deep into her sperm covered vagina and the white cum spread all over the dick. Her pussy was still jizz-gooey. Her stepbrother lay on his back, and she sat on his cock and rode it like a cowgirl. Jizz was flying everywhere. While she was riding him, he spanked her ass and made her feel like a worthless cum slut. In the end, he also fucked her in the doggy style, and while he was doing it, he couldn’t hold his sperm again, so he came all over her ass. He shot a massive load, and the little slut grabbed it all with her hand and licked it. She let him creampie her repeatedly and cum on her face. His sticky jizz splattered all over her cute face, leaving traces of gooey jizz all over her body. He looked at his sister’s jizz-soaked face. Globs of jizz in her hair, semen dripping down her neck, her hair was splattered with white gobs of sperm. She couldn’t stop rubbing her cum dripping pussy.