There are two reasons why I remarried. One, my new wife is hot and nasty, and two, my new stepdaughter is even hotter and dirtier. Believe me or not, but one day, I actually banged her on a couch and my son saw us. We had to talk about it but the little slut turned me on by touching my dick over my pants with her cute pretty barefoot. My son is a little bit shy with the girls, so that was the reason why I asked her to suck him too. I saw that she is into fucking both of us and that she won’t say anything to her mom, just like she didn’t say anything about her and I were having sex. She sat on my son’s lap and started twisting her body between his legs. When she felt through his pants that he got an erection, she came off him and got on her knees. She was only 18, but she was already such a vixen and experienced. She pulled down his pants, took his dick with her pretty hand, and put it into her sluty mouth. She started giving him a blowjob like a pornstar. She knew exactly how to hold it and how to suck for the whole time. She got lower a little bit so she could lick his balls. Then the teen whore pulled down her panties and sat on his dick! She started riding it smiling at me. She was so horny that I could feel the smell of her cum. I stood next to her and took out my dick. I gave it to her so she could suck it. She did it with great joy and enjoyed sucking my dick while riding my son’s. After a while, we both lay on our back on a couch, and she kneeled in front of us and gave us blowjobs in turns. She choked on our dicks as much as she could while she was looking at us with her pretty blue eyes. After she sucked both of our dicks good, she sat on my cock and moved forward to suck my son’s. It was such a beautiful view watching her cute little ass while she moved her head back and forth, sucking my son’s dick. I spanked her a couple of times simply to make her feel more sluty and submissive. After 10 minutes, cute naked girl turned around, so now she sucked my dick while my son was banging her in the doggy style. That was so hot that we both came at the same time. He came in her pussy, and I came in her pretty mouth. 