A gorgeous-looking brunette teen hates her mom’s new boyfriend. She never calls him dad, and he always bothers her by finding her things to do around the house. One day, she had enough, so she decided to pack her stuff and leave. However, she went solely to her mom’s new boyfriend’s brother, her step-uncle. He lives by himself, and he has a big house with a pool. When she got there, the doors were locked. However, she knew that he hides a key below the doorstep. She took it and got inside. Teen babe got in a bathing suit and went into the pool. After a while, she came back inside and lay on a couch to relax. That is the moment when her step-uncle came home. She explained to him why she ran away, but he told her that she has to leave. She begged him to let her stay, and he agreed to do it, but only if she sucks his cock properly. To her, it sounded like a good idea. She turned around immediately, and he took out his cock. She started sucking it with her pretty lips. “Mmm,” she moaned as her tongue flicked away at the cockhead in her mouth. She was jerking it with her hand while, at the same time, she pushed her head on it as much as she could. Holding her neck and her head with his hands, he began to fuck her throat! After a blowjob, she took off her panties, and he got fully naked. He sat on a couch, and she stood over him. She spread her legs wide and lowered herself down onto his giant dick.   She winced and bit at her lower lip in ecstasy as her pussy got stretched around his manhood in a skin tight fit. He let her ride up and down the full length. She was pushing back furiously onto his cock. She really enjoyed fucking like a bad little girl. She then turned around reverse cowgirl, leaned forward, her tits on his chest, her head on his shoulder. His balls were slapping against her ass and she could feel the head of his dick hitting her cervix. Her big tits were bouncing all over his face. After a nice fuck in that position, busty teen babe lay on a side, placed one of her legs high up and let him bang her pussy like that. She was fucking like a pornstar and felt like that too, and she liked it very much. Teen babe was so horny that she rubbed her pussy while he was fucking her. He spanked her sluty ass so hard that he made it all red. When he was about to cum, he ordered her to kneel in front of him and open her mouth. She did as he said, and even licked his balls, thus helping him to shoot his load. He had fucked her like a useless fucking slut and came all over her pretty face, although most of the cum got directly into her filthy mouth. She played with the cum and showed him how much she has it in her mouth as pornstars do in most of the scenes. She then swallowed it like it was chocolate syrup. 