Two couples came to spend a weekend in the mountain together. It was winter, and it was snowing. They know each other from a female side since the two of them went to college together. On their way to the location, one of the ladies told her husband Charles that her friend from college was the one she first experimented with. He was shocked to find out that she had sex with women before. When they came to the spot, he told his wife’s friend that this weekend “no funny business with his wife”. However the girls couldn’t help touching each other under the water when all of them were in the pool. The next day, after breakfast, Charles said that he wants to go skying. His wife didn’t want to go. Her friend did, but her friend’s husband didn’t want to go either. They decided that Charles and his wife’s friend should go, while his wife and his wife’s friend’s husband can stay. Charles and the other girls went, and those two stayed alone. They decided to go for a walk in the mountain. They had lots of fun, and they even had a small snowball fight. They were laughing, and at one point, she was between him and the tree. They started kissing, and they both got turned on so much. The babe took off her jacket and her sweater. He took off his jacket too, pulled down her bra, and started sucking her beautiful tits. They both fully undressed the upper part of their body. She unbuttoned his pants, kneeled in front of him and started sucking his dick. She was sucking it so voluptuously and enjoyed being such a bad girl. She choked on that dick and stuck it down her throat as much as she could. Her spit was leaking from the cock while she was sucking it. She played with the spit and slapped her face with his dick while she was kneeling all messy in front of him and looked him straight into his eyes. Soon, they were both barefoot and fully naked on the snow. He grabbed her and stuck his dick into her pussy from behind. Once he fucked her in that position, he lay on the ground and let her sit on his cock. Babe spread her legs and put her barefoot on a tree next to him. She started jumping on his dick. She was all naked in the woods, with no place to hide in case someone comes. She didn’t care at all. Naked babe arched her ass in the air and let him fuck her in the doggy style. She was talking dirty to him while he was fucking her, so when he couldn’t resist anymore, he took out his cock and came all over her naked ass. In episode 2, watch the other couple fucks at night! In episode 3, watch these couples swap partners in amazing foursome! 