Six wonderful young girls are locked in a villa together, and they don’t do anything else but fucking each other all day long. Even if they do something else, they do it naked, so practically, they did it solely as a preplay for what comes next. On the third day, afther quick runway show the girls decided that each one of them should masturbate and squirt while the other girls watch. One of the lesbians was supposed to squirt in a glass. The next one, a hot busty blonde, let the girls play with her asshole! They even tried to see how many fingers can fit into her asshole. One girl managed to stick her whole fist in there, so they pronounced that girl as the anal queen. The only redhead girl among them started playing with her pussy in front of them. The girls hold her legs and used a vibrator to help her cum. The same was the case with all the others who masturbated after her. When all the girls had an orgasm, they spontaneously divided into pairs and scattered around the house. They all got some of their toys and played with each other. They enjoyed making out, touching themselves, and they were again so incredibly horny while they were playing on their beds. They licked each other’s pussy, ass hole, tits, feet, neck, etc. Two busty girls were playing with each other on the bed, the other three girls were squirting in the next room, two lesbains were scissoring. Two naked girls got so horny that they started scissoring right on the kitchen table.   Watching these girls doing it was so seductive. They were grinding their pussies against each other in small figure of eight patterns and giving each other fantastic orgasms. They even squirted on each other. The thing with these girls is that no matter how long they fuck and how many times they reach orgasm, the next moment, they are again horny and eager to fuck. After they all had sex with each other, they decided to play a guessing game. One girl was supposed to get naked and let all the other girls lick her pussy, thus guessing which one of them is doing it at the moment, and then they should all switch turns in guessing and having their pussy licked. When they were finished with that game, the girls decided to be really naughty and dirty. They went to the bathroom and got into the bathtub, where they squirted on each other. They squirted in each other’s mouth, on their faces, everywhere. They were so naughty and horny, and all of them had such a good time. Ever wanted to watch a reality TV show with the hottest and sexiest teen lesbians? You won’t want to miss all the episodes of We Live Together!