This ravishing, young brunette with looks that could kill and a personality to match was playing a game of cards with an equally beautiful ebony hottie and another guy. He promised to pay both of their rents if they won. However, if he was to beat both of them, they’d all fuck in a hardcore threesome. Confident, the brunette knew she had the man exactly where she wanted him and that’s when they all revealed their hands. It turned out that the man overestimated his skills and he lost big time. Fortunately for all of them, the striking and perverted brunette was not done. She pushed the guy to lean back and pulled his dick out, eager to suck it passionately. She had also dominantly instructed the ebony cutie to stay and watch and that’s when the show started. The tall and skinny brunette hottie instantly started slobbering all over that massive dong. Not caring about its huge size, she was deep throating and choking on that schlong. The ebony couldn’t just sit idly next to them and so she immediately joined. First, she held the brunette’s head and forced her down on that cock, making sure she was going as deep as possible. But, simply watching such a sloppy blowjob wasn’t enough and she had to have a taste. Just seconds later, the dude was in heaven. He had two breathtaking teen sluts, taking turns which one would suck his schlong better. Any time one would start deep throating him, the other would push her head down to make her gag. Nothing hotter than seeing two girls competing who can get it and keep it all in the longest definitely down for more deep throat games like this. Sublime scene, the balls-deepthroat blowjob is heaven! More deep throating more throat fucking more gagging that’s how i like it. Then, after both teens sloppily made out on top of his member, they started simultaneously licking the shaft all up.   Either they’d both take a side or one would be on the tip while the other would swallow his balls. His rock hard dick ended up being all wet and slippery from the precum and both of their saliva after such a long and intense sucking before they finally took things further. The sexy naked brunette was the first to mount the guy like a lusty cowgirl. Her aching snatch slid all the way and she was instantly riding him balls deep. The ebony was right next to her, fondling those balls and caressing her firm ass while enjoying the show. The girl was in control, riding at her own pace and going as deep as she could but that’s when the guy took the initiative. He grabbed her hips firmly and started ravaging from underneath. The screams of pleasure filled the room and then the two switched. Now, the black cutie was riding in the same position, moaning on that throbbing white meat while the brunette spanked her playfully. This babe has an incredible body! It looks like she never came so fucking hard in her life. From a cowgirl to a reverse cowgirl to doggy style hammering, both naked girls were being dicked down as hard as possible. Finally, having made them cum multiple times, he rewarded one beauty with a creampie and let her friend to eat it out. Wow, what an incredible scene. Just when I thought the best had already been filmed, Vixen produce another mind blowing scene!