Another episode of the “Day in the life” series! Alexa is a breathtaking young blonde with an energetic personality and a body to die for. This time, she had decided to show you a day in her life while making sure she doesn’t forget about every single spicy detail. Apparently, this slender, petite beauty loves sleeping naked and it is an absolute joy watching her stretching in a bed in the morning. Her slim body twists and turns as she puts those perky tits and smoothly-shaven pussy on full display, taking a few more seconds to enjoy a good night’s sleep before finally standing up. The next thing Alexa does is taking a steamy morning shower. Making sure to put on quite the show, she was particularly erotic and sensual while rubbing and caressing her curves and naughty parts. She has a very sexy unusual body we would like to see her more in focus on her lovely pussy. From squeezing those young breasts to dancing around under the showerhead all wet, she is a complete stunner. Even dressing up is something you don’t want to miss because Alexa knows just how to get your blood racing. She grabs a pair of plain and innocent, white panties before slowly putting them on, finally covering that beautiful, pink cherry. After that, the rest of her clothing followed and she was out the door. The blondie is particularly fond of her roller skates and she loves using them outdoors, but what she prefers, even more, is to tease the cameraman by flashing her tits in public, when she thinks nobody else is watching. When night came, she even pulled down her panties right in the middle of Red Square strutted around with her tight skirt lifted, feeling particularly kinky. She’s so playful, natural and brave. And once she finally returned to her place, the real show ensued. One long, slow, and sensual striptease later, and Alexa was, once again, completely nude for the camera, gently dancing and teasing, seducing until she was finally in bed. Naked and totally gorgeous, she is the ultimate image of natural beauty. 