Ravishing, dark-haired sexy babe, Romi went on a vacation with her man and a friendly couple. The four of them were just starting to unpack when Romi’s man and the other guy’s chick already started showing off their annoying tendencies. Both Romi and the guy tried their best to keep it cool but the guy’s wife was obsessed with spending too much time on social media and Romi’s man was just an overall prick. That’s how she found herself strolling down the beach with an old friend. As it turned out, they last saw each other on his wedding day and it seemed that an old flame was being rekindled right there, on that beach. After a long and relaxing stroll with lots of talking and reminiscing, the old couple shared a romantic sunset on the sea. That’s when they knew they weren’t going to be able to resist one another and headed up for a more secluded place. They found a rocky spot at the beach and, not caring they are still out in the open, jumped at each other. Horny for her old love’s raging boner, Romi dropped down on her knees and pulled his schlong out. Just seconds later, she was giving him a passionate blowjob, slobbering on that throbbing member. They were still having a playful conversation and she’d respond every time she’d pull his cock out of her wet mouth. Her massive jugs were on the verge of bursting out of that skimpy bathing suit when she finally finished with sloppy sucking and stripped naked to mount the guy. With the sun setting in the background and the sound of relaxing ways hitting the shore, the sexy naked girl mounted the man in a reverse cowgirl and her smooth snatch immediately slid all the way down. She started off slowly but it wasn’t long before the man picked the pace up. He held her hips firmly and started pulling her down, impaling that wet pussy balls deep on his meat. Romi started moaning and screaming in pleasure and that’s when he went all in.   Relentlessly, he started hammering her from underneath, fucking her brains out. Her pussy was working all over his cock; going in circles a few times then front and back then up and down. Her long black hair was matted against her back, damp with sweat, and her body undulated desperately as it devoured his rigid member. Wanting even more control and the ability to go even harder, the guy stood up and bent the girl over, entering her tight, wet hole from behind. Drilling her doggy style, he enjoyed listening to Romi praising him and talking about how he was way better than her husband. As he fucked her from behind, her heavy breasts swayed beneath her. After many different positions, he finally came all over her huge tits and her beautiful face. It sprayed in generous gobs all over her. They headed back to the house but their adventure was far from over. Not only that, but they were becoming bolder every time. The next morning, he came to her room while her husband was shaving and had sneaky sex with her right in the bed. With her husband shaving just feet away in the bathroom, Romi sucked his morning wood then jumped on top reverse cowgirl style. Her spasming cunt twisted on his shaft. Seeing this babe so brave and wild only made him want to fuck her every free minute they got. They ended up on the stairs, fucking while his wife was making breakfast just underneath. The thrill of trying to keep it stealthy turned them on and that vacation was the best ever.