A young guy has a thing for his girlfriend’s roommate for a long time. His girlfriend’s roommate is gorgeous ebony, and he always had a fetish for black girls. One night, he sneaked into his girlfriend’s roommate’s room, knowing that she sleeps there alone. He came to her bed and noticed that she sleeps naked. Her breasts were uncovered. As the girl dozed, he pulled the covers off of her, staring at her gorgeous naked body. It looked so delicious, her black hair pussy in short, curly wisps and her titties so sweet. He took out his penis and started jerking off. Since he was really turned on, a few drops of cum fell on her tits. She woke up and saw him. He started apologizing, but she told him that it’s okay. She even confessed to him that she always had a thing for him and that she is glad he made the first move. They started kissing. As he was also getting naked, the sexy black babe started sucking his dick. She then stroked it while kissing his stomach. She was doing it so perfectly, and his white dick was hard as a rock. After she gave him a blowjob, black naked girl lay on him and spread her legs so he could play with her hairy trimmed pussy. He made her wet very fast. Then he placed her on her back, he had full view of her black pussy and her pink lips. Such a beautiful sexy lithe body with adorable nipples and a smile that would capture any dick! He slowly entered her. They kissed deeply, intertwining their fingers on their hands in front of them. He started fucking her in a missionary pose. He put his hand over her mouth so that she doesn’t wake anyone in the house. After he fucked her good in that position, he let her ride his dick like a cowgirl. She was so voluptuous and naughty. She was barely managing not to scream from the pleasure of riding his dick. His cock felt so hard and she had only one thing on her mind – she was coming. Finally, the black beauty lay on her back again and opened her mouth so he could cum all over her pretty face. It remained their filthy secret. 