Two couples came to a mountain one time to spend a weekend together. They know each other since the ladies went to college together. Even though they are now in their mid-thirties and live an everyday family life, they still have that wild sexual energy inside them, which exploded that weekend. On Saturday, one girl and her friend’s husband wanted to go snowboarding, while the other two wanted to stay at home and maybe go for a walk. It ended so that all of them fucked each other, thinking that the other two will never know. However, on Sunday afternoon, the two girls talked, and they confessed to each other what happened. The girls both got turned on so much that they decided to invite their husbands for a wild, perverted foursome. First, they both got naked and sneaked into a bed of one of them while he was sleeping. When he woke up and saw them nude, his wife told him that he knows he cheated on her and confessed to him that she also cheated on him. Then, they all went naked to the other guy’s room. His wife and the other dude hid, while the girl he fucked yesterday lay on the bed. When he saw her, he told her to get out because his wife can see her. His naked wife came out below the bed and said to him that she already knows her fucked her. The dude smiled when she mentioned that sharing is caring but when she confessed to him that she also fucked his friend’s husband he got angry. The girls told him that there are no reasons for him to be mad since all they need and want to do is to have sex all together. “sharing is caring,” they said and started kissing naked on the bed.   Not even a minute after, their naked wifes were lying on the bed with their legs widespread, while the guys were licking their pussies. Just like yesterday, both of them got on the other one’s wife. When their pussies were all wet and horny, they were ready to take some dicks. Naked girls lay on their back, with one leg on a guys’ shoulder while they were banging them on the bed. After they got fucked good, the guys took out their penises from their pussies and moved toward their faces so they could suck them. These two nasty, gorgeous-looking babes choked on those dicks so filthy and enjoyed being sluty so much. They remembered the time ten years ago when they had similar actions with random boys at college. They missed getting fucked together in an orgy so much. They were literally competing who is a bigger slut and who still knows to please a man better. Their wifes sucked their dicks side by side, they swapped and kept pleasuring their cocks with a titjob. The naked girls fucked those cocks between their big tits right next to each other. Imagine, two hot women at once! They sit on your face, ride your rigid prick, and then they switch! The guys fucked them like hell and came all over their dirty faces. Their wives were so happy and licked the cum off each other with joy. It was a perfect end of an ideal weekend.