My neighbor has the most erotic daughter in the world. One day I jumped over the fence and found her in nothing but the skimpiest bikini. Fortunately, she was as kinky as me and allowed me to play with her to no end. With curves to die for that many MILFs don’t have in their prime, I couldn’t keep my eyes and hands off of her. She even gave me a bottle of oil to pour all over her ass and boobs and watch that body glisten in the sun. Her gorgeous young body covered in oil is a sight to be seen. That’s when I started stripping her while squeezing those cheeks and tits, pinching those nipples. We found a more secluded place where I bent her over, spread her ass cheeks with both hands and licked her tight asshole with the tip of my tongue. She rubbed her ass all over my face. I licked her both holes turning her on just enough to make her hungry for my raging member. That’s when I finally pulled out my monster schlong and my neighbor’s daughter placed those luscious lips on it. Just seconds later, she was giving me the sloppiest blowjob ever. Using both hands to stroke the shaft and fondle the balls, she was going deeper and swallowing more every second. It turned out my neighbor’s daughter was even naughtier than I could imagine as she was soon choking while trying to deepthroat. I gladly helped by grabbing the back of her head and ramming my rod all the way in. Such a passionate blowjob could only end one way. That’s why, after long sucking, the naked girl stood up, turned around, and sat on it with her big, bubbly ass on full display. I immediately slid all the way inside her wet tunnel and she started riding balls deep while moaning in pleasure. Her teen pussy was stretched in several different positions as she begged for cum. Her butt cheeks rippled with each thrust, his balls slapped against her wet pussy lips, and her teen cunt farted each time his pubic bone jarred against her ass. One after the other, I ravaged that dripping wet snatch in every position possible, making her scream in multiple orgasms before finally showering her with a messy load. 