Well guys, as you can see, things are not always as they seem. This beautiful brunette Russian lass is all over my dick. Yes, my throbbing hard cock is right next to her mouth and she is stroking it left and right but here’s the thing. She is on the phone with her REAL boyfriend. The dude is in love with her but she is sucking on my donger with a desire that even her bf doesn’t probably receive. Damn! What ever will I do with her!? The way that she strokes my pecker is tremendous. She has a way where she makes me tingle and where I want to cum right then and there but I just don’t. It is the way that she does it. Then, as she starts to get into the convo with her loser bf I just ever so slightly remove her dress to reveal her naked puss and her boobs. Check those mamas out! They are so damn soft, firm and I had to squeeze them like an animal. Those areolas are perfect, just the way I like them. She keeps softly kissing the pulsing head of my dick, sucking and licking it. Her mouth was like heaven, so warm and wet. Then, in the kitchen she pulls the top of her dress down and exposes her beautiful tits. They are the most beautiful tits I’ve ever seen. Really! “Put your dick between your baby girl’s tits.” She places my dick between those glans and she strokes it, back and forth. Damn, I ‘m ready to squirt my cum on her! She is staring at me the whole time as she is teasing and doing me so damn good. I just have to go straight into her. I have to. That young sweet pussy is calling out my name and I have to reply. I lay flat on the bed and she stands up, standing over me legs apart, she lowers herself on my throbbing erection. Slowly, my cock spreads her pussy lips apart as she impales herself on me. The camera in my phone is focused so closely on me penetrating her. Her pussy was completely bald and smooth. Oh, Baby, that’s beautiful! The sexiest young naked girl is riding me. With my hands on her boobs, I slowly start the rhythmic motion of making love. I love watching my hard cock dip in and out of her beautiful pink pussy. Check on your gfs fellas, you never know who might be fucking your girl. 