A cute, slim brunette girl called her landlord one day because her sink got clogged. He sent his son to check it. She always liked him, and this time she decided to use the opportunity that they were alone to try to seduce him. She was waiting for him barefoot, wearing nothing but a white swimsuit and short jeans shorts. When he came, he got under the sink to see the problem, and while he was down there, she quickly took off her shorts. When he got up and saw her, she also unbuttoned her swimsuit on the place where her pussy was. She took his hand and pulled him to her. He started touching her sweet, shaved pussy as they started kissing. In less than a minute, the girl was already fully naked with her one leg, and her body leaned on the kitchen counter. He kneeled and began to lick her beautiful pussy. She was so wet and horny, and he stuck two fingers in her vagina to prepare her for his cock. Very soon, this sluty girl became so horny that she couldn’t wait anymore without putting a cock in her lustful mouth. Naked girl kneeled in front of him and sucked so good like it was the only thing she ever wanted. She was holding the cock with one hand and sucking it, while with the other hand she played with his balls. After a fantastic blowjob, she lay on her back on a table and put her feet high up, allowing him to bang her gorgeous shaved pussy. You can see her trembling the moment his cock touched her slick pussy. She looked at his cock pistoning in and out of her pussy.   It didn’t last long for him to cum. She felt him squirt a huge load inside of her. This warm liquid coated her insides causing her to have an orgasm. He pulled out and she could see his thick, white cream bubbling from her vagina.  Cum was everywhere. It ran down her ass crack. He slid his still dripping with his cum cock back into her cum-leaking pussy, forcing white cum out of her vagina. He kept fucking her cum filled cunt, cum was being pumped out of her lips with each pull back. After just 10 strokes he came inside her again. After he creampied her in that position, he lay on his back, and she sat over him. Cum was slowly oozing out of her. She grabbed his cock, placed it at her opening and slowly slid into her cum-filled cunt. He began to thrust hard and fast into her. Cum leaked from her pussy while he was fucking her. His balls were slapping against her cum covered cunt lips. She felt him get close to cumming. He moved his hips faster and faster getting so close. She opened her legs and saw the thick gooey liquid being squeezed out of her cunt and on to his balls. There was so much cum in her cunt. She was yelling cum in me, cum in me, cum in me. Her whole body convulsed, bucked and trembled. The feeling of being filled with his hot sperm was incredible. Her pussy was covered with cum and he was cumming in her again right now. “Give it to me, give me your hot sperm deep in my messy cunt. Let me have another load in my pussy.” She played with his semen while he was calling her dirty names. She never felt so alive like at that very moment, when she was nude, messy, sticky, and nasty like never before. He came all over her filthy face while she was waiting for the cum with her mouth open and tongue put out.