Elsa, this blonde little slut, is one of the most followed influencers on social media. She also isn’t shy to share the really naughty parts of her life with her subscribers. She has fucked so many men that she stopped counting a long time ago. However, despite being so sluty, some men like her precisely because of that, and one of them liked her that much that he asked her to marry him. She said yes, although it was clear to both of them that she will hardly change solely because she signed a paper and put a ring on her hand. As a proof for that, on their wedding day, Elsa decided to do something unforgettable. In the morning, she woke up next to her fiance and sucked his dick while streaming it on her Instagram profile. She invited her female fans to find the place where she is getting married today, and the one who finds it first gets the chance to fuck her and her fiancee in a threesome! It may be a surprise, but one girl actually found her and showed up in a hotel where the wedding was supposed to be. Even though Elsa fucked her fiancee that morning, she was happy to do it again with someone new in a threesome. When Elsa’s fan came to their apartment, Elsa was already wearing a wedding dress. She introduced the girl with her fiancee while she was slowly touching her hair and boobs. She pulled down her dress, and the girl didn’t wear a bra at all. Elsa’s fiance lay back on a chair, and the two girls kneeled in front of him. He took out his cock. His bride started streaming live on Instagram again, proving that her fan really did come to her wedding and that now they are about to fuck together.   Simultaneously, the bridesmaid was already so horny that she couldn’t resist taking Elsa’s fiancee’s cock and putting it in her mouth. She started sucking it like a pro, while Elsa licked the balls. These two girls enjoyed giving a blowjob together, when, at one point, one of the other Elsa’s bridesmaids, walked into the apartment. She already had similar actions with her girlfriend Elsa, so she wasn’t that much surprised. Elsa asked her to join them, which the slutty bridesmaid did with great joy. She kneeled next to the other two girls and started sharing the cock with them. The hottest thing was that the girls were all so beautiful, in classy dresses, while, at the same time, they behaved so filthy and nasty, spitting on a cock and licking the spit when it would get down to the balls. The bride mates got fully naked, while Elsa kept on only her white stockings. Elsa’s fiance let the bridesmaids sit on his cock and ride it like cowgirls, while later he banged his bride in a missionary pose. It was just the beginning of this wedding orgy. All three naked girls took turns riding his cock. At the end all the girls kneeled down, opened their mouths, stuck their tongues out as cum hit their faces. They kissed swapping cum between them. The bride mates licked the cum from Elsa, and that was the time when they were ready to go to the wedding. Elsa and her bridesmaids are waiting for you! Time to start playing now!