A cute blonde hottie was preparing breakfast for her stepmom. That’s when her boyfriend snuck inside the house and surprised her. Horny and looking for some dirty play, he started fondling the petite blonde and feeling her up while she was playing all reluctant. However, that was at first, but he was quickly turning her on and getting her all riled up. In no time, he was stripping her panties in front of the fridge and pulling his hard cock out. Just seconds later, he was listening to her moans while dicking her down from behind. Doing her best to stay quiet and not alert her stepmom, the blonde nubile didn’t even notice when the MILF did come but remained hidden, masturbating to the sight and sound of them fucking with passion. At one point, the stepdaughter had to stop the steamy action because breakfast was getting cold. After a quick erotic interlude with her boyfriend in front of the fridge, she sent him to bring her stepmom some coffee while she finished up cooking. He found her in the bedroom where she pretended she was just waking up in her sexiest, lacy, black lingerie. Horny out of her mind from watching him rail her stepdaughter, this dazzling blonde MILF immediately jumped on the guy, pulled his still hard schlong out, and started slobbering all over. The guy didn’t have time to say no before the horny woman was sucking him like a slut. She didn’t mind tasting her stepdaughter’s pussy juices all over the shaft and was sucking the man off vigorously with her big, round tits out. When the young blonde finally came to the bedroom bringing the rest of the breakfast, her stepmom tried to hide her boyfriend under the blanket.   He tried his best to keep still but his girlfriend was starting to get suspicious about his absence. Not only that but, with such a voluptuous MILF right in front of him, he couldn’t stop himself from entering her wet pussy and pounding her even though his girlfriend was right there. Naturally, she saw movement, pulled the cover down, and immediately discovered them. But her stepmom managed to talk her into joining. It wasn’t long before the MILF was making out with her teen stepdaughter while being fucked by her boyfriend. That’s when things went wild. Both naked girls gave him an amazing, double blowjob, pleasuring his cock together. One by one the girls swallowed his rod and the mom even taught the daughter how to do it better. Then it was time to the teen to show her cock riding skills. She squatted over him and slowly impaled herself onto his pulsing monster. Once fully seated, she was told to grind her pussy on his cock. After the young naked girl came all over his cock it was mom’s turn to ride it. The girl couldn’t believe her slutty stepmom fucking her boyfriend. She could feel her pussy begin to tingle again and she slid her nails up and down her pussy slit. After both girls took turns riding him, the MILF stuck her ass in the air towards him and told him to fuck her from behind. Her daughter was below them , stimulating both her clit and his balls. Horny mom made him fuck her, fuck his girlfriend, then fuck her again and he had been on the edge of an orgasm. Mom spread her daughter’s ass cheeks wide, pulling her pussy open and told him to fuck his girlfriend like a whore. One after the other, he hammered their shaved pussies while they ate each other out to no end. Two naked girls ended up in a 69 position, with the teen girl eating a creampie out of her mom’s cunt. Don’t miss this incredible cum-swapping threesome!