While her husband was in the bathroom shaving, Romi (who hadn’t been fucked in a long time like a woman should be) was in their bedroom on top of another man, having the best vacation of her life. As he was tampering with her tits, they realized that the husband will come back really soon so they left for breakfast. Halfway down the stairs Romi put his dick in her hand and started pleasuring him until he jizzed on her face and tits, while his young wife was downstairs, preparing breakfast. Still terribly horny, Romi promised her husband to go buy some souvenirs for his mother and took her lover out for some more time alone. They went to the beach and soon they found themselves exploring each other’s vibrating bodies in the water. He carried her back to the apartment, put her against the bathroom wall, put his tongue on her big solid tits, rapidly moving it down to her belly and continued licking her legs as she shivered in delight. He was biting her aroused nipples when she fed him her tits straight into his hungry mouth. Her nipples went red and irritated as he was sucking and biting them indomitably. As he went crazy, he ripped her panties and embarked on pushing his tongue around her cunt as she howled in anticipation. She wanted more so he shoved his fingers into her pussy and dribbled her anus. Romi wanted him inside her so bad, so he started drilling her deeply as she drove fingers into her asshole wishing to never having to go back to her incompetent husband. She was hungry for everything as she gave a blowie before she slapped his tube with her big fake tits while she let saliva fall down all over her filthy body. The whore was unstoppable so she jumped on top of him like a wild animal who doesn’t want to be tamed, as he laid hands on her breasts. Her thrill was rising as she wanted to give him another blowjob on the balcony by the sea. When they returned to bed she demanded to be fucked like a whore. Hot naked babe was riding him fiercely, calling herself a filthy slut until she finally squirted in deep relief. At the same time, he pulled his stick out of her and she barely touched it before it exploded all over her big tits. 