Ashley and Vanna are two friends who go to the same class in high school. Occasionally, the girls sleep at each other’s house. One day, Vanna came to Ashley for studying. She is very pretty, and she arrived wearing cute, tiny summer shorts, covering her ass solely and exposing her gorgeous legs. Ashley’s dad opened the door, and when he saw a hot redhead teen babe, he got stunned. This young slut noticed it instantly and smiled. His daughter came and took Vanna to her room so they could study. However, after just a few minutes, Vanna told Ashley that she has to go to the bathroom. She came down to the kitchen and saw her friend’s dad’s phone on the table. She took it and made a few selfies with her tits naked. She heard him coming, so she hid in a closet nearby. Ashley’s dad took his phone and saw Vanna’s pictures! When was the last time he had sex with a teen girl? He got so excited that he took out his cock and started jerking. Vanna was peeping from the closet, and she couldn’t believe her best friend’s dad was jerking on her pics. He heard someone in there and opened the door. While he was still in shock of what to do and say, Vanna told him not to worry and put his cock in her mouth! She sucked it so well and enjoyed having her friend’s dad’s cock in her throat. It had been supposed to be a quiet night of studying. However, this little slut only had one thing on her mind… fucking her friend’s dad! Hiding behind the kitchen table, she continued to suck his cock without paying attention to her friend. Of course, she also fucked him in all possible poses in the kitchen, but also on the couch in the living room. Just imagine a young naked girl bend over in front of you, jutting her naked rear end up at you. Taking hold of her firm, young ass cheeks, knead them, spread them. Moving into her dripping snatch with the head of your erection, making her moan louder, before you slip balls deep into the tight, wet, hot folds of her young pussy. This slut didn’t care at all that Ashley might come down. She let him fuck her and abuse her however he wanted, and then she swallowed his cum like a good little teenage cumdumpster that she is. 