I took my friend on a fishing trip one day and things turned out to be quite different from what I had initially planned. We started talking and I was doing my best to comfort her since she had recently broken up with her boyfriend. On top of that, she is this stunning, young brunette with a body to die for and a face to match so I didn’t mind spending a day to such a beauty. At one point, she mentioned how she wanted to catch some sun and get a tan, to which I suggested she should remove her top to get a better color. To my surprise, she immediately removed it, revealing a pair of firm, round tits that I couldn’t keep my eyes off. Of course, she saw me starting and that’s when her true nature came to light. Apparently, this dashing brunette was as kinky as she was hot. She started fondling those tits and caressing herself as I was watching. At one point, she even asked me if I was turned on and whether I wanted to touch them. There was no way I was going to say no to that and when she finally confessed she needed something to take her mind off her boyfriend I knew things were about to get spicy. Just moments later, I had a lavish babe in front of me, kneeling topless while firmly holding the shaft of my raging boner. Those luscious lips were soon to follow and she was now slobbering all over my schlong, not caring we’re completely exposed outdoors. Such intense dick sucking quickly brought me to my limits. I grabbed the back of my head and unloaded everything down her throat. Being a good girl, she swallowed everything without spilling a single drop and continued sucking me off with a smile. We had fun like that until it was finally a good time to fish. I started the engine and our boat went off. However, my fishing partner was more interested in activities other than fishing. Her suggestion to spice things up ended up with her going down on her knees. In a boat this time, she started by fondling my balls with her wet mouth before giving me yet another long and sloppy blowjob. She immediately took it deep in her mouth, fucking my dick with her mouth like she was possessed. This time, though, she wanted to feel my cock inside her pussy as well. That’s why this brunette lifted that thin, playful, summer dress, straddled me like a slutty little cowgirl that she was, stroked the shaft a little bit, and then sat on it balls deep. I was in heaven looking at her riding me while moaning in pleasure. I watched her tits bounce in front of my face. As time went on, she was only picking up the pace before turning into a reverse cowgirl and presenting me with that amazing ass. That’s when I realized I want even more control so I stood up and bent her over into a doggy style. Hot naked girl looked over her shoulder at me, urging me to fuck her harder, faster, her hot juices flowing over my cock, my hips thrusting against her bubble ass, her hand between her legs fondling my tightening balls… I railed her every way possible before cumming loads all over her in that boat.   Are you ready for a very special interactive girlfriend experience? The sexiest girls are more than willing to spend a wonderful day with you! Interactive porn game that allows you to direct pov sex scenes! These POV scenes with hot girls let you make all the decisions, choosing when and how to fuck them. You’re responsible for deciding things like what you say to people and what position to fuck a girl in. The choice will be entirely yours, and the scenes will executed according to your directions.