A cute innocent girl has a boyfriend in school. He’s black, and they are both in their final year. As they walk home from class holding hands, both dressed in their school uniforms, she says him that they’re both 18 now, and there is no reason why they cannot just run away together at the end of the year. A car pulls up behind them. It’s her brother. She runs into the car and tells him she’ll call him later. Her stepbrother disapproves of her relationship, and so would her parents if they would know. However, he still keeps that as a secret from them. One night, she was in her room, studying for the exam, when her boyfriend sneaked in from a window. She tried to explain that she was from an ultra-conservative family and her older brother freaked out when he saw them together. Her boyfriend offered to beat him up and, laughing nervously, she fell into his arms. They sat on a bed and started kissing. She was nervous about him being in the house, but he kept pushing. They should take the opportunity to be together while her parents are out. She was still innocent, they talked about messing around, but they had never done it. Nervously, she agreed and guided him over to her bed. Very soon, they were both naked on a bed. As he took off her pajamas, she asked if he had a condom. He told her it’ll be ok. She was hesitant but, seeing how excited her boyfriend was, she agreed. She lay on her back and spread her legs so he could lick her virgin pussy. Nobody had ever touched her there before. She enjoyed it while he was getting her wet. Unable to resist anymore he guided his huge black dick to her pussy. She could feel his hot cock at the entrance of her pussy. She was about to feel a man’s dick inside her body for the first time in her life. The thought had her whole body quivering. Her pussy was tight, and his dick was big, so he stuck it in her slowly. However, once he started fucking her, he banged her as hard as he could. He fucked her in a doggy style too, and slapped her naughty ass. Cute naked girl buried her head into the pillows and gripped onto the bed sheets with her hands as her lover went into her even deeper. She later showed her appreciation by sucking his big black cock and sticking it all down her throat.   She did not know that her jealous brother was there and watched them! He was watching her sucking on that big black thing and wishing he could do the same with her. After she sucked a cock for the first time in her life, she lay on her back again, and he kept fucking her little pussy. Unable to stop her boyfriend came inside her, then got dressed and left. She was naked on her bed, hot sticky white stuff was leaking out of her pussy. Suddenly, she heard something. She opened the door of her room and saw her stepbrother, angry as hell. She never saw him like that, and she got terrified while she was standing all naked in front of him, cum dripping down her legs. She started yelling that he was a sick pervert. He threatened her that he will tell their parents and that, once they found out, they will send her to another school far away from her boyfriend. At one point, that sluty instinct inside her told her that her stepbrother wants to fuck her. She said it without restraint and noticed that his cock is getting hard in his pants. She told him that he is sick, and he ordered her to kneel in front of him. She obeyed his order and put her head in front of his dick. She started sucking her stepbrother’s cock like the nastiest slut in the world. He was fucking her face and made her make a mess all over her face and body with her spit while she was dirty talking and got in the role of a slut 100 percent. After she gave him a blowjob, he fucked her hard like he never fucked anyone else before. Two MF scenes, one tender, with foreplay, one rough seamlessly put together with some excellent writing. A truly remarkable work. I would like to commend Puretaboo for this very thoughtful and creative film. The narrative was very compelling and heart felt, and the director and all of the actors have done such an awesome job. The acting was superb and you could tell the performers stayed in character when they were having sex which is something most performers forget to do. This movie is one that you will not want to miss.