Abella is a young college student who needed extra cash to fund her studies, so she took up a new job – house sitting. Her first client was a bossy mature Latina named Luna, who had business outside town for a weekend. They arranged the meeting, and upon arrival, Abella was stunned when she met her and couldn’t look away from her big tits as she was being instructed to keep the house in perfect order and not to use her bedroom to bring anyone over while she was gone. As soon as she left the house, young Abella started snooping around and making a mess. The weekend had passed, and Luna came back to a messy kitchen and started yelling. When she entered the bedroom, her house sitter was lying on the bed, pleasing herself with a dildo when her pussy squirted all over the bed and Luna’s angry face. She yelled at her, ‘You filthy little whore, now you will follow my orders!’ as she pulled her hair and dragged her to the living room. She threw the half naked girl on the couch, undressed herself, and sat on her face, ordering to lick her shaved pussy and not letting her breathe while calling her a slut. Lesbian MILF ripped her sitter’s panties off, pulled her legs up, and started eating her cunt like she had been starved in days. The young blonde felt scared as the crazy MILF was fingering her while licking and slapping her anus. Her pussy was pulsating and she soon squirted, exciting the lesbian even more as she started spreading the juices all over the youngster’s pussy and ass. She kept licking her and the blonde showered her once again, and again, again and again. All these squirting orgasms turned on Luna even more.   The naked girls reversed roles for a bit and it was the youngster’s turn to satisfy her boss. She started eating her ass as the boss lady was on her back with legs high above her head and moaning. Blondie was happy to lick the anus and her foot intermittently. She slapped her client’s ass hard with exhilaration. As the tension was still rising, the naked girls switched to the 69 positions. They were satisfying each other and Latina was going hardcore again – making the girl fell pain in her destroyed vagina as she was squirting a few times consecutively. She kept licking her squirting pussy like there was no tomorrow. The whole couch was soaked with Abella’s raining fluids! She just couldn’t stop squirting in the MILF’s mouth. One orgasm after another! The lesbian kept licking her clit, fingering her asshole and stuck her tongue out to catch another squirt coming from the wet cunt. The girls moved towards each other with spread legs and began some hot scissoring. The brunette’s big tits were flying around as she was jumping back and forth, making her cunt happy to be in steamy action. Abella put her two fingers into Luna’s pussy and tried to figure out how deep it was. Luna screamed for more, and Abella was fingering her in acceleration until the mature cunt finally exploded and squirted for the first time that day. Luna wasn’t furious anymore and decided to employ this college student full time. You won’t want to miss this lesbian orgy! Rough face-sitting, pussy-eating, scissoring, and knee-shaking, squirt-soaked orgasms.