She was caught by her older stepbrother one night while she was having sex with her black boyfriend. Her brother waited for her boyfriend to leave, and then, he came to her room while she was still naked on a bed, scooping the cum out of her pussy with her fingers. Her jealous brother was furious because she let that guy fuck her and cum in her. He grabbed her face ‘You know what your father will do when he finds out. I told you to stay away from boys like that’ She, in turn, is was mad because he was watching her. He threatened her that he will tell their parents about this, they will send her to another school. “You are pervert! You are already hard watching me… does it turn your on? Is this what you want?” “This is what I want, GET DOWN AND SUCK MY DICK! I’m sure. DO IT!” He kneeled in front of him, grabbed his cock and put it in her mouth. She told him that he is a sick pervert, but did what he asked. His naked sister started pushing her head on his hard cock, swallowing his whole dick with her filthy mouth and made such a mess by letting a spit drill all over her. He grabbed his dick and rubbed it on her lips, all over her face, treating her like a fuckin’ slut in a porno. “That’s right!” After she gave him a blowjob, he pushed her onto her bed so he could fuck her in the doggy style. Her boyfriend’s cum was still leaking out of her swollen young cunt. He scooped some out of her cunt and brought it up to her face. He thrust himself deep with one long stroke. Her cum filled pussy accepted him with ease. He was pounding her from behind and spanking her bubble ass. He called her dirty names, he pulled her hair and even put his barefoot on her face while he was fucking her from behind. After that, he put her on her back, grab her feet with his hands, spread them wide, and bang her in a missionary position as hard as he could. He fucked her until he came inside her pussy. When he was done, his sister was crying from shame and abuse. He spat on her pussy, called her a slut one more time, and left. She looked amazing face down on the bed whether it was her black boyfriend or her stepbrother on top. Maybe Dad should have walked in on her and donated a 3rd cream pie! There could be a great sequel here with the brother blackmailing her to keep the dad from finding out and the boyfriend pressuring her to sneak around behind the brother’s back. Maybe the brother takes her back door since it’s the only hole the boyfriend didn’t get to first. 