Being a true professional in the art of adult pleasure, this bombastic blonde phone sex hottie doesn’t let anything stop her from talking to her clients. That’s why, even when she came to a coffee shop, she kept the dirtiest talk on her phone. As it turned out, the client that she was speaking with was sitting at the nearby table with his busty wife. The wife, who was this gorgeous brunette with a pair of massive tits, immediately heard the blonde but it took her awhile to figure out she was talking to her man. At first, she was infuriated. However, all that dirty talk already made her rather horny, so she had decided to share. That’s when the guy found himself sandwiched between two busty beauties in the middle of a coffee shop. Not caring about other visitors, both babes simultaneously dropped down on their knees and started sucking the man off. While giving an amazing double blowjob, they were stripping each other naked. With his raging hardon between two pairs of luscious lips, the guy was in heaven. To give him the ultimate experience, two hotties gave him a kinky double boobjob before the threesome finally escalated. The curvaceous brunette wife was the first one to take a pounding. Curvy naked babe lied on the table and obediently spread her legs. The husband started pounding her while the blonde rubbed her clit and made out with her. Then, the naked girls switched. Now he was railing the blonde the same way while his horny wife watched with the look of pleasure on her face. Then both girls stuck their asses in the air and he took turns fucking them from behind. The girls pushed him onto the couch. His hot wife was the first to ride him. Busty babe impaled herself over and over on his dick, then it was the hot blonde who rode him like a wild stallion. Their four big tits were bouncing like crazy. From missionary to doggy style to cowgirl riding, the girls kept taking turns on his dick in every position possible. Moans turned into screams as the girls experienced orgasm after orgasm before he finally covered them in cum. 