Every time I see my hot brunette girlfriend, I get a hardon. She is beautiful and has the most seductive body ever. All my friends call me the luckiest guy and are jealous because she is top class – hot, smart and she fucks like a proper whore. As I am doing some work on my laptop, she is walking around the room only covered by a towel. She teases me by saying I could be more productive, so I grab her towel and pull it, leaving her topless in my favorite blue panties of hers. She is laughing and covers her boobs asking for her towel back. I offer to trade it for a blowjob, which she tries to evade by telling me that she was getting ready for a shower. I am not giving her the towel back, so she starts to lick my dick. As the little guy is getting ready, she steals the towel and runs away to the bathroom, with a devilish smile. What a bitch! My cock is now awake and I can’t disappoint it. I get up and sneak into the bathroom to watch her take a shower. My sexy naked girl has already shaved her cunt and as I see her all wet and soapy, I can’t control myself anymore! She notices me by the door, so I ask her to continue what she had started. I join her in the shower and she takes my dick with her hands and first starts playing with it. She is on her knees, licking it before she puts it into her mouth while watching me with those big blue eyes. She is blowing it fast as she grabs her tits, while I feel blood rush.   She gets up, turns her back and puts it inside her from the back and starts fucking me. I love it when she does all that on her own! She is pushing her ass back onto me as I’m pushing forward. Oh god, that feels good. My babe looks at me from over her shoulder and smiles. We try to go back to the bedroom, but as she is extremely horny, she throws herself on the floor, begging me to fuck her doggy style. I pierce her wet pussy as she moans, not wanting to get up from the floor. We make another stop as my girlfriend fully naked sits in the armchair and lifts her legs high, inviting me to invade her again. he squeezes her legs together, making her pussy even tighter. My body responds, thrusting deep inside her as I feel her pussy squeeze my cock. She has turned into a nymphomaniac! I drag her back to bed, where she sits on top of me and starts jumping back and forth while biting her lips and looking at me lustfully. She is jumping faster and faster as I try to withhold myself. She switches back to doggy on the bed as I get up and start pounding her hard. She is moaning louder, so I am thrusting her harder before I hear a thundering scream and feel something warm and wet. I pull out from her and let my cum explode all over her face and her open mouth.