Young brunette has just had sex with with her boyfriend. He was able to last a couple of minutes before he grunted and filled her with cum. When it was all over, he quickly dressed, looked back at her scooping cum from her body with her fingers and withdrew. Not being satisfied with just that, she moved to her mom’s bedroom and took her vibrator. Naked girl lay on her back, spread her legs and turned on the vibrator. Slowly she ran it over her pink clit. Her bf’s cum was still oozing out of her slit. The vibrations gave her tickling feelings that she was enjoying badly. Her vagina pulsated with her internal muscle constrictions and inadvertently squeezing the last drops of sticky goo. Just as she was getting her pleasure and wanting an orgasm, her stepdad entered her room without knocking. He was a little embarrassed but could not take his eyes off his stepdaughter playing with her pussy. Thinking of fucking her always gave him a boner. He approached her quietly and put his hard cock out of his pants. Her eyes were closed, she didn’t see him with his cock out. Daddy took his dick and shoved it right into her pussy as she was still on her back with her toy in hand! It sank easily into her cum-soaked pussy. The girl was in shock but the feeling of his hot throbbing dick balls deep into her cunt drove her insane! It was what she wanted… and she couldn’t wait any longer. Her legs were spread and up in the air as her dad was nailing her. He was going in and out of her rapidly, and she liked it. His balls aching as her fingers stroke and caress them so full with seed. She was thinking about how her boyfriend had never fucked her that as she was moaning in excitement. Her teen pussy was so tight that daddy filled her with his cream and pulled himself out to watch the river flow out of her.   She moaned again, imagining all of his cum pumping deep inside her pussy. She was extra wet and slippery, so he went for her again, deep and quick before loading her again with his bullets. His cum was getting out of her and she was thrilled to be creampied. All the juices were coming out of her vagina and getting to her asshole as he was still penetrating her. Daddy was so turned on he creampied her multiple times. They switched position and stepdad got under his stepdaughter to fill her some more. He was going fast and deep and she was screaming after being creamed once again. She stood up to let the fluids get out of her as she spread her cunt with her fingers. Naked girl got on her knees to try out the taste of that dick with her mouth, and she was stroking it to feel its thickness with her hands. Daddy’s balls were full again and ready to go again. He put the girl on top of him and showed her how to ride his cock up and down. His dick was soon ready to load again, and her pussy was all soaked and greasy. Her tight little cunt muscles were rippling along my cock as she came again and again. She lingered his sperm all around her anus, and daddy wanted more. It was unbelievable how many times the old man could fill her up. He was doing her hard from the back when poor girl finally had her much wanted orgasm.