A strict blonde teacher was having a difficult time maintaining order during a detention class. Four young students, she was stuck with, wouldn’t stop chatting and making a mess. The teacher seemed like she was in control until she figured out that one of the students had managed to steal a phone out of her drawer. Threatening to put them all to longer detention because of it, the guys finally snapped and surrounded their teacher. It was after hours and there was nobody around to help, so this voluptuous, mature hottie found herself on her knees, surrounded by four big, throbbing, young boners. Four unruly students pressured their scared teacher into rough gangbang! Reluctantly, she started stroking all of them simultaneously. Soon enough, one guy grabbed the back of her head and started ramming her throat. The others quickly joined and the teacher was now having her throat rammed by all of her horny boys. With saliva and precum spilling out of her wet mouth, her face was only becoming more fuckable with every passing moment. The boys made their teacher stand up, pulled down her white panties and slobbered all of her holes before one finally started doggy styling this lusty mommy. With one fat cock in her mouth and the other stretching her wet pussy to its absolute limits, she was getting more turned on by the minute. Soon enough, this slutty teacher was begging those young men to fuck her brains out. They were relentless. At any point, she was gagging while deepthroating one cock, riding the other one, and doing her best to stroke the remaining students. From doggy style, where she was bent over her desk, they switched into missionary, with the naked teacher lying on her back. Cocks were everywhere, male hands were everywhere. The horny teenagers surrounded their teacher, jerking off over her face and her big tits. One after the other they plunged their dicks into her cunt. Eventually, after numerous intense orgasms, she went on her knees to be plastered with their thick, messy loads. A very good scene! A beautiful woman placed in a bad position by her four students in detention. I would enjoy a sequel or sequels to this scene. The school teacher in the uncomfortable and awkward position of having to continue to deal with these students who coerced her into sex until she reluctantly gave in and then eventually enjoyed it and asked for more. It would be amusing to see how she tries to retake control of the situation and re-assert her authority only to be manipulated and reluctantly seduced by the young men again into an even more perverse sexual situation she is unable to get out of, and has to admit she sexually enjoys. Her mind saying no while her body says YES. 