My sister was chilling with her best friend Reislin in her room. They were on my sister’s bed, messing around and flirting with each other. Suddenly my sister pulled her friend’s black panties to the side and stuck her finger in. I couldn’t believe what I was seeing, and I was hoping that it would escalate into something fun. The half naked girls were teasing each other, and the friend started kissing my sister’s tits! I was watching in awe and excitement while waiting to see what was going to happen next. My sister was licking her friend’s pink pussy and moving her tongue towards the anus! She spread her cute little ass wide and licked her asshole, all the while sliding his fingers in and out of her wet pussy. The girls both started kissing passionately while my dick rose to fame. My sister took my hand and invited me to the bed, where her naked girlfriend was already in the doggy pose, with her holes aimed at me. My sister had tied her and ordered her to be still. I was delighted to be at this party and, naturally, I didn’t decline the offer presented at me. The girl’s hands were tied behind the back, so there were few things she could do. I pulled out my stick and pushed it into her mouth. I was mouth fucking her while she couldn’t move and say anything. It was exciting me so much I fucked her deeper. My sister started petting her friend’s pussy from behind. I grabbed the girl’s tits to feel them in my hands and my sister was still licking her out.   We switched places so I went behind the friend, and my sister was upfront kissing her. I pushed my dick into her as my sister held her ass. I savored the feeling of her warm wetness. She was so wet. She was so warm. She was so tight. In no time I was pounding her like there was no tomorrow. My were slapping her clit whenever I pushed in. We let her turn over and lay on her back, and seeing those tits in front of me made me feel an adrenaline rush! I shoved deep into her this time and started shagging like it was her last shag ever. Sister was aside enjoying herself while watching me pump her. She would occasionally grab her tit and kiss her before she too got so horny, she sat on her face. Our friend had my sister’s cunt in her face and mouth and she had to eat her until satisfaction in order to get untied. Naked girls were both moaning as the three of us were each getting their own pleasure. I turned her around into doggy so I could cum all over her beautiful pussy. My sister got hold of her moist pussy and started eating my cum from her pussy. The brunette finally released her own pleasure liquid. I stood there watching my sister eat my cum out of her best friend’s pussy. She tenderly licked the length of her pussy, parting the lips with her tongue. Her pussy was so swollen. My sister was licking all the way from her asshole to that little clit. Her pussy opened and my sister was discovering every fold and crease, savoring my semen. She was in heaven. My sister love nothing more than eating pussy.