Throughout the weekend my curvy stepsis and her cousin competed with each other to see who gets me first. It all started when I happened to walk by my sister’s rom just at the right time to overhear something that immediately sparked my interest. Apparently, two hotties were comparing their breasts. Upon hearing that, I just had to come in. The moment I opened a door, I was greeted by two beautiful pairs of tits staring right back at me. Both my blonde stepsister and her redhead cousin were topless and the half naked girls were clumsily trying to cover their chest. However, upon seeing that, there was no way in hell I was leaving the room before having some dirty fun. I suggested I could be the judge who’d help them compare sizes but, in order to do that, I’d have to cop a feel. My sis obviously had a bigger pair but she wasn’t going to let me fondle them just like that. Her cousin, on the other hand, was more than happy to let me grope her. That’s when I saw the opportunity and made my sister jealous by stating how her cousin’s boobs were definitely better. She caved in and suggested both of them give me a boobjob. After all, it was fair for me to try both pairs out before making a decision. Just seconds later, I was lying on the bed with two cuties taking turns stroking my schlong with their melons. Eager to prove herself, my sis was the first one to do it with a smile of pleasure on her face. When the redhead finally had her turn and managed to tie the score, my stepsis decided to up her game. Without saying a word, she placed those luscious lips on the shaft and started sucking me off. I was in heaven and, even though her cousin complained a bit, she quickly joined and that’s how I ended up receiving the steamiest, most erotic double blowjob of my life.   With two stunning babes sucking me off it wasn’t long before I reached my limits. The naked girls lied next to each other and allowed me to plaster their pretty faces with my warm load. We split for the rest of the day but the real fun began tomorrow. Hornier than ever, my sister found me in my room and immediately jumped in my lap. Without wasting much time, she pulled down her top and swung her boobs in front of my face. My hands were palming her breasts, sliding over her big soft tits. Then she spread legs and moved panties to the side, letting me rub that wet pussy. She didn’t even notice her cousin sneaking up behind as she went to suck me off into another explosive cumshot, this time taking the entire load in her mouth! Wanting some dirty fun as well, the redhead found me in the shower. She quickly pulled down her panties and wiggled her ass. I grabbed my dick and plunged it into her pussy. She moaned as I began pumping in and out of her. Once again, the stepsis had to barge in but this time there was no stopping me. All three of us went to the bedroom where I pounded their wet pussies until they screamed in multiple orgasms. The naked girls got on their knees next to each other with their big asses in the air, their pussies gaping open beneath their assholes. For the next half hour I took turns fucking them both, pulling out of one when I was about to cum, stopping for a moment and then plunging my cock into the other.