Two curvy busty babes can’t wait your cock in their ass! This is like a dream come true. A filthy brunette found a sluty girl for a threesome with her and her husband. Her husband is much older than her, since he is in mid-fifties, while she is still in mid-thirties. She is very kinky in sex and adores doing nasty stuff, so she invited this girl for a threesome more because of her than because of her husband. Anyway, once the girls both got in their underwear and hop on the bed, it was no longer important. He joined the babes, and the blonde hardly wait to put his dick in her mouth. While she was sucking the man’s dick, his wife was gently touching her hair and calling her dirty names at the same time. After the sexy girls both sucked the cock, the man lay on his back, and the girls began kissing with his cock in between their mouths. After some deepthroat competition the new girl sat on his dick with her ass hole! He went slowly until she got used to the feeling of his cock rammed up her asshole. Her filthy ass hole was spread so well, and she enjoyed riding it like a nasty cowgirl. Of course, once she had her ride, she moved aside so that his wife could have her turn. He grabbed her by the hips and impaled her ass with his stiff cock. Two hot naked girls with amazing big tits getting fucked in their asses. This scene is every man’s dream! Their asses and breasts are out of this world. I love how big and round they are, especially the delicious areola and nipples. What a boob fest! The girls adored having their asses fucked rough and hard. He was spanking their asses and calling them his naughty little girls. They provide us magnificent, extremely close-up views of the girl’s too-cute-for-porn buttholes. While he plumbs one girl’s butthole in doggy, the other one tongues her clit. He came while busty naked girls both were kneeling in front of his dick, with their mouth open and their tongue put out. He shot a massive load all over their faces, but the two naughties enjoyed licking it off from each other as much as they enjoyed fucking. 