I am dating one gorgeous redhead for several months already. She is excellent as a person, but to be honest, the main reason why I am with her is that with nobody else, I had such good sex before. She has a gorgeous body, with big, soft tits, a few small tattoos, and pale skin that makes her so tempting and attractive. Most of all, I like her because she is even a giant sex freak than I am since she is always up for wearing sluty lingerie and trying all sorts of sex toys. One day, we decided to play, since I bought her a new vibrator. It is a particular type of vibrator since she can literally sit on it as it was a real man beneath her. She dressed sluty for me, putting on some brown stockings and brown underwear. Very soon, she took off her bra and panties and sat on a vibrator to try it on. As it was penetrating inside her pussy, she was getting hornier and hornier. She rode it like a cowgirl, her pussy was wetting her inner thighs, her clit was throbbing. Suddenly the most powerful orgasm erupted without warning. Her toes curled, her whole body began to shake as she reached her first orgasm and started to scream. She said that it was the most fantastic, awesome, all consuming orgasm she has ever had in her entire life. Her body was still shaking when I put her on her back, spread her legs, and started licking her gorgeous, wet, juicy pussy. She was getting an orgasm after orgasm as my tongue was playing with her clit. Her pussy was squirting right in my mouth. Finally, she got so horny that she could no longer resist without putting my cock in her mouth. I like the moment when she gets so turned on that I literally see how she turns into a whore and allows that slut inside her to come out from the depth of her soul.   That is the moment when I see that she just wants to be filthy and nasty. She was sucking my cock while, at the same time, she was sitting on a vibrator, and I was holding the remote control. I put it on maximum speed because I saw how lustful she was. My hard dick was going as most in-depth as possible, and she adored having it down her filthy throat. After she gave me a blowjob and had another orgasm at the same time, I lay on my back and let her ride my cock, just like she was riding a vibrator a few seconds ago. She adores jumping on a dick while her big tits go up and down, and I love watching that too. However, perhaps, even more, I like when she fucks in a reversed cowgirl pose because then I can see and spank her naughty ass, which she likes maybe even more than I do. I fucked her in a missionary position too, and while I was doing it I felt her pussy grab onto me and milk me. I pumped my manhood deep in her, smacking my balls against her ass and she began to scream, “OH FUCK!!! CUM IN ME!!! YESSS!!! CUM IN ME!!!!” Her hands played with my large cum filled balls. She spread her legs and I could see thick, white cream bubbling from her hole. Cum was everywhere. It coated her pussy and ran down her ass crack. She was chewing it like a lustful naughty girl. I pounded hard into her. Each time it triggered a new orgasm, the waves of pleasure crashing against one another and made her collapse to the floor. I’m not sure how many times she had come before I finished, but at the end she collapsed on the floor, breathing heavily and trembling from the aftershocks of intense sexual bliss, cum leaking out of her mouth and cunt.  It was the best sex we ever hard, but only until next month.