I was driving back home from work when I saw a hot chick by the road. I stopped to see if she needed any help, and she asked if she could get a ride. I asked where she was going and since she said she needed to go to Barcelona, I decided to give her a lift. I didn’t want to charge her anything, but she insisted on paying. She told me to stop the car and she dragged me out. She didn’t have a bra under her shirt, so her nipples were pointing at me directly. I got offered a blowjob for payment, and I accepted. I took my dick out of my pants and checked if no one was coming. The little slut sat on the driver’s seat and I stood beside her. As she took me into her mouth I began to shudder, not believing the intense amount of pleasure she was giving me. While taking part of my hard cock into her mouth, she slowly began to slide her hand up and down my shaft. She took off her top and I could see her beautiful boobs. We are in the middle of the road, hoping no one would come. I held her head as she was giving me an exciting blowjob. I told her to eat that dick, as I pushed it deep in her mouth while she was on her knees. We got by the rock that was near and she took off her pants. I ordered her to lean against the rock so I could get inside her shaved pussy. Her pussy was so tight. I almost couldn’t believe this was happening. I spread her ass cheeks with both hands and pressed a finger against her asshole. She turned her head so she could watch me straight in the eyes.   I fuck her hard from behind and she enjoyed it madly. What a whore, letting me fuck her in the open! I threw her on the road and saw that she has her cunt pierced. It was such a turn on. Her hands were grabbing her tits as I was pushing my cock inside her petite body. I kept checking if someone was coming over, but the road was empty and we could fully enjoy each other. She was biting her finger while massaging her boobs. I put the young naked girl on top of me to let her ride me, while I catch my breath. Up and go she went, while holding her hair. We were moaning and I asked her to turn back, so I could watch that ass of hers in action. She was riding me and slapping herself, not caring if anyone saw her. I had never met such a dirty hitchhiker before. It was so exhilarating, and my dick was soon ready to explode. I took it out and told her to open her mouth. She knelt down as I jerked all my sperm inside her mouth. She swallowed everything and we got back in the car. I turned the engine on and we drove to Barcelona. She gave another handjob while I was driving, so when we finally arrived, I asked her for her number and we arranged to meet again. I can’t wait to meet this easy going chick again for another horny ride in the country.