It was a sunny afternoon and two lesbian girlfriends decided to bake some cookies and go to a park to have a picnic. The girls looked for the perfect pace in the park, and they found one in the shadow of a tree. There was no one around and they had the park all to themselves. Being alone turned them on and they checked once again if someone was coming before they started kissing. They were half-naked and ready to give each other some love. The blonde got down on the blanket and the brunette saw that as the opportunity to sit on her face. The blonde was petting her cunt while sticking her tongue into her friend. It was only a warmup. The heat was rising as the lesbians started masturbating together until the blondie came all over herself. Her friend found that tempting and wanted to try out her creme. She licked everything from the plate and wanted more. The half naked girls were kissing heavily and touching their bodies right in the park. A jogger was doing her running session when she saw two girls kissing in the middle of the day. She stopped to check out what was going on and she was surprised. She sneaked upon them, and watching the lesbians kiss turned her on. She put her hand in her shorts and started touching her pussy. It was getting wetter and she started moaning, so the couple noticed her. She felt embarrassed, but the girls invited her to join the picnic. The girls took the jogger’s top off to taste her titties. They were sucking her nipples while petting her cunt. Brunette went down on her while the other one was still sucking her pointy nipples. One of the lesbians thrust her fingers in and out of her pussy until her orgasm started to build. She allowed one girl to fondle her breasts and play with her nipples as the other one finger fucked her rhythmically and consistently. Finally the girls pulled her panties off her body.   One of the girls spread her pussy lips with her fingers. She slowly teased her stiff clit, then she slowly traced down her pussy, to her hot wet opening. The other babe opened her legs and sat on her face to let her pussy be eaten like a true dessert. Three naked girls licked each other pussies. Their tongues explored each other’s wet pussy lips. The brunette was lying on her back, enjoying her friend’s tongue inside her cunt while she was pleasing their new friend who was sitting on her face. Every girl was wet and excited to be there. The brunette began to urgently rub her clit with her fingers, rushing herself to a loud, squirting orgasm. She started squirting, letting all her juices out there while the two girls were watching in surprise. OMFG, what a BEAUTIFUL erupting geyser of yummy sweet squirting spurting. The naked girls jerked off each other until they squirted as well, showering everything in the picnic basket. There was such an energy flow in this spontaneous lesbian threesome. They were a perfect combo as everyone got their share of given and taken pleasure. It was such a relaxing experience. The jogger was so happy to have met these two friendly ladies. She wanted to stay friends with them forever, so she asked them to take her home with them. The two friends were happy to let her join them and their regular picnics in their favorite park. It was spicing their friendship, for sure. I loved the camera position that was framed by foliage. It conveyed the feeling that we were hiding in the bushes enjoying the show. I loved all the camera positions we got, giving us great angles on their pussies close up. It felt like we were kneeling there on that blanket with them.