It is a beautiful day outside and Mike and John are teaching each other’s daughters how to ride bicycles. They are best friends and they swapped their daughters to have some fun with them. The daughters are sexy teenagers who have recently become women but are still inexperienced in adult games. Mike is aroused by his best friend’s daughter and he cannot contain himself from grabbing her sweet ass. After the bicycle training, they all got inside the house. The daughters admitted they liked being touched and asked the dads to help them gain carnal knowledge. The girls brought them to the bed and started giving blowjobs simultaneously, while the dads were standing. They all made a deal to fuck until everyone gets their climax and no one gets to abandon the party. They were surprised to see their little girls grown up so fast, and they felt proud because they were now ready to experience some real sex. The girls held each other’s hands while the dirty pops were shoving their dicks into their mouths. They changed into the doggy pose and got their first real dicks inside their teen pussies. Dirty pops were so excited watching their daughters fucked, so they both started pounding them hard. Everyone is enjoying this perverted foursome. Two naked girls were now lying on the bed, as the dads were fucking them. They were kissing while holding their legs up. Mike was so horny and he choked his blue-haired daughter while fucking her friend. He never knew his daughter had pierced her nipples and he certainly didn’t know about the piercings on her pussy. The brunette was now riding her godfather while the other one was getting her pussy destroyed in doggy style and ass slapped. She was enjoying it as she was holding her dad’s dick. They switched poses so the brunette was now doing the doggy, and she liked it so much. She started licking her best friend’s pussy who was provoking her pop by looking at him while being fucked and eaten at the same time. Her tits were jumping up and down while she was getting the most interesting lesson ever. It was time to finish the dads, so the naked girls started blowing their cocks. It took them little time, before they jizzed into theit mouth because they both wanted to taste the sperm. 