These two, a hot MILF and her man, hadn’t seen each other in a long time and they wanted some alone time. She shared her room with another girl, so the couple didn’t have their own private space. The dude was so horny he couldn’t contain himself, so he started kissing his girlfriend, while the roommate was asleep. They lost their clothes and he began kissing her big boobs. He was so horny and his dick was eager to get some action. He got down on her, and told her to be quiet. She took a pillow and bit it so she wouldn’t make any sound and wake her roomie. He took his dick out and pushed it inside her, while putting his hand on her mouth to shut her. She began kissing her neck, then down to her big, all-natural, milk-filled tits. They didn’t notice that the roomie was awake and watching them. The teen girl got aroused from watching, so she started humping her bed. Suddenly the woman got up to get to the bathroom and left her boyfriend alone in her bed. He saw his girlfriend’s roommate humping and it excited him so much. He got up to her bed and pushed his cock into her face. She was so delighted and she started sucking him hungrily. MILF got back to the room and saw her boyfriend getting a blowjob. She was pissed off, so she took away his dick and started blowing it herself. She soon loosened up and decided to share him with her roommate. He was enjoying a double blowjob while the naked girls were simultaneously satisfying him. The blonde got on top of her roommate. Her boyfriend was so turned on by watching the girls, he put the tip of his dick into brunette while she was licking the blonde’s tits.   He was getting deeper and deeper inside her cunt, until she came and screamed. He sat on the edge of the bunk bed and his girlfriend sat on top of him, while the roommate was on the top bed watching them. The MILF bounced up and down on his dick, repeatedly feeding its long, hard, thick length in and out of her hot cunt. She is such a great slut. Love her amazing boobs! They were fucking hard and the roomie decided to join them again. She got on her knees and started sucking his balls while his dick was penetrating another wet pussy. He was going so fast and deep, he made her cum with his dick inside her. Everything was leaking from that destroyed pussy and the starving roomie wanted a taste of it. She was licking the moist that was getting out and she liked the taste so much that she wanted herself to cum like that. She turned her ass to him and let him fuck her roughly. All the neighbors could hear her screaming. Her blonde friend was fingering herself while watching these two fuck like that. He was over excited as his teenage dream became true and he fucked two hot naked girls. He took his stick out and let his sperm out all over the brunette’s ass. She picked it up with her finger and licked it to try his cum this time. It was getting late and she was finally feeling sleepy.