Housewives often get lonely at home while their husbands are away for work, so they tend to seek another man’s company. This wife has been spending a lot of time alone, because her husband was working really far from home. She has been fucking her next-door neighbor for weeks and her husband started suspecting something. He got back from work, parked his car outside their family home. He realized something was wrong. And she was in their bedroom, cheating on him with their neighbor. The husband called her to check where she was, but she didn’t pick up the phone, as she was jerking off the neighbor. He then called the neighbor to tell him what he had feared and asked him to come to his house and check on his wife. The lover got scared and sneaked out of the house to get the keys from hubby. He tried to calm him down and went into the house again, afraid. The wife was sitting on the stairway, wearing only high heels and calling him a pussy for being so scared. She was amused and she started teasing him by putting her finger into her asshole, inviting him to check if his big dick would fit in there. The neighbor quickly forgot about her husband and approached the stairway so he could kiss that big ass. But will the sneaky couple finally get caught in the act? Sexy bitch was twerking and provoking him so badly he could only think about putting his dick inside her ass. He took off his clothes and sat on the stairs, letting her sit on top of himself.   The slutty wife put his big cock inside her and let him fuck her deep and rough. He was going faster in and out of her cunt and thinking about her asshole waiting for him. She was riding the neighbor’s cock like a professional whore, while her husband was waiting outside their house waiting to hear where she was. The wife didn’t care for him at all, as she turned around so she could put that big stick inside her anus. She hadn’t been used to having a big cock in there, as her husband never wanted to have anal fuck. His dick’s size was perfect for her to enjoy her first anal completely, after such a long time. This slut really needed him to pound her ass like a real man. The neighbor was making her anus gape while penetrating it. He was doing her so hard and deep, his balls were slapping her cunt. They stood up, and the naked babe leaned on the railing so he could get inside her while behind her. He was driving his cock as deep and as hard as he could into her gorgeous ass. The doggy allowed her ass to feel the penetration fully. All his blood was rushing to his dick and it was ready to erupt. He didn’t want to get out of her, so he jizzed inside her. She liked the warm fuzz leaking out of her hole and she dipped her finger to try it out. The neighbor got out of the house happily and told the hubby everything was okay.