For college students were doing some work in the classroom when one particularly mischievous cutie decided to have some dirty fun. She was trying to control her pussy but was losing. Sitting between her boyfriend on one side, and two girlfriends on the other, the petite blonde lowered her hand on the guy’s pants and started stroking his hard boner. Other chicks had their pretty faces buried in books and had no idea the she was giving a handjob to their classmate. Unable to resist, at one point blonde subtly got off her chair, lowered herself underneath the desk, pulled her boyfriend’s cock out, and started slobbering on it. Just as she was getting into it, keeping the shaft rock hard and slippery with her saliva, the bell rang and the class was finished. The other two classmates stood up, still oblivious to all that passionate dick sucking that was happening right next to them, and left the classroom, leaving that young, horny couple to their dirty desires. A moment the door closed, his tiny girlfriend stood up, bent herself over the table, and presented her soft, dripping wet pussy to the horny boyfriend. She had no panties on so the guy simply lifted the skirt, teased her tight hole for a second, and then shoved his raging hardon balls deep. Just seconds later the nubile started screaming in the middle of the classroom from balls deep doggy style pounding. The guy held her hips and went harder with every stroke.   At one point, the schoolgirl lifted one leg up to give him better access and he continued, rougher than ever. Then the teens decided to spice things up even more and make the best out of this school break. The teenie went down on her knees and started slobbering all over that massive schlong. The boyfriend was in heaven, receiving the sloppiest blowjob and naughtiest titjob in the middle of the school. Having enjoyed every inch of that veiny shaft, the blonde climbed back on the desk, this time in a missionary position. That white shirt with a black bra, her sexy skirt, white sock, and adorable sneakers only made his pecker stiffer so he immediately started ramming the schoolgirl. She begged him to fuck her brains out as hardcore as possible. She could feel his cock tensing up, he was going to cum already! When she felt the guy reaching his limits and asked for his sticky load, he immediately exploded all over that shaved snatch and left the girl to caress herself and taste that warm jizz. The fun didn’t stop there as the teens continued even back home. She gave him a long, sneaky, and stealthy blowjob, making him plaster that cute face of her with an even bigger load. Her favorite thing is to see the cum squirt from her boyfriend’s cock. The next morning, the couple went for a more exotic hammering in a kinkier position where the cutie was on her back with her firm ass in the air, getting ravaged and covered in loads of white cum.