Kali is living with her two roommates in a big apartment. She is single and a little bored. Her roommate has recently brought her new boyfriend to the apartment to introduce him to her friends. The boyfriend is really sexy and she liked him instantly. Every time he paid them a visit, Kali could barely contain herself from attacking him as he was turning her on so badly. She found him really attractive and all she could think about was fucking the guy. One time, he stayed to sleep over at their place. In the morning, his girlfriend went to work, and he was still sleeping. A little slut waited for her roomie to get out, so she could go hunting. She went to the room where he was sleeping fully naked. She removed the sheets and saw that his dick was really large. She took his cock in her hand and started jerking it slowly. The guy woke up surprised. He asked her what she was doing but he didn’t object. He let her play with his cock and balls. She put the dick in her mouth to taste it. It was such a big dick and she couldn’t wait to have it deep in her pussy. After a blow, the dick was ready to get introduced to her pussy. He could see her temptation to feel his hard cock. The girl got naked, got on him and let him enter her cunt. The girl is absolutely gorgeous! I love her stunningly beautiful face, blonde, well-kept hair, absolutely gorgeous small breasts, especially her pierced nipples, and her well shaved smooth pussy! Sexy, shapely legs, lovely plump ass, tempting asshole. The moment he was balls deep into her she started twerking her ass on his dick. He was so horny and he was fucking her fast.   Take it slut….love it….tell me how much you love to feel me hard fuckin your tight pussy. His girlfriend had never made him horny like Kali did. Hot blonde was moaning and screaming as she was getting pounded. The big dick felt so good inside her and his balls were slapping against her hard and fast. They were having such great sex and they wouldn’t care if anyone caught them in action. Kali laid down on her belly, and her roommate’s boyfriend sat behind her so he could ride her. He was doing her hard and rough, pulling her hair as she was screaming. They were fucking each other like animals and they were doing it the whole morning. The roommate came in while Kali was on top and she was shocked. That didn’t prevent the horny couple from continuing their shag session. The roomie got a little aroused by watching them fuck, but her hand slid into her pants and she staid to watch and masturbate. Her horny roommate kept riding her boyfriend as nothing happened. Their sex became rougher and harder. She is an absolute goddess, love her reverse cowgirl on him. They wanted to come at the same time and they both felt they were close. She was aking his load deep inside her pussy for a cream pie! This little slut always gets what she wants.