Abella lives with her girlfriend for several months already. While her girlfriend is a real businesswoman who works all day, Abella does nothing but sitting on a couch in her thongs and playing video games. Her girlfriend is very upset about that, but not because Abella is so lazy and doesn’t do anything. She is pissed because Abella pays more attention to video games than to her. One day, she was so pissed off that she spanked Abella’s ass while she was playing video games. She did that even though Abella is the dominant one in their relationship. Abella got surprised, but she liked the fact that her girlfriend was desperate for attention. While Abella was sitting on a chair leaning forward, her girlfriend kneeled behind her, pulled down her thongs, and stuck her tongue into Abella’s ass hole. She started licking her ass and her pussy at the same time. Abella moved her hand behind her and pushed her girlfriend’s head deeper between her ass cheeks, holding her there as her tongue came out and traced up the length of my slit. She groaned, her wetness seeping from her and coating the girlfriend’s face. Abella tore her girlfriend’s white shirt, pulled down her bra, and started slapping her tiny tits. Very soon, she got her fully naked. Now Abella’s girlfriend sat on a chair and put her feet high up in the air, and Abella began to lick her beautiful shaved pussy. She was fingering it and licking it at the same time, making it so wet and horny. She cried out as she licked her, exploring her hot pink folds, tongue fucking her, teasing her asshole. She locked her mouth around her pussy and sucked, hard. She cried out, her hips bucking up as she came hard. Since Abella was much stronger than her, she was licking her pussy and literally holding her with her arms in the air. Both teen lesbians had sex with so much passion that you could almost cut the tension between them with a knife. From that moment on, Abella’s girlfriend knew the right way to prevent Abella from playing video games. 