My girlfriend is a dirty slut. I know that you probably won’t hear someone say that quite often, but as far as I am concerned, not only that I know she is a slut, I even like her for that. She is such an insatiable nympho, and I can not imagine having sex with someone better that I do it with her. She has a tiny body, pretty face, cute ass, adorable feet, and tattoos all over her. She is always horny and wet, and when we fuck, she squirts so much that it looks like she is taking a piss. Since we are both kinky exhibitionists, we decided to go into the woods and fuck in nature one day. While we were searching for a perfect spot, she was walking in front of me, and occasionally pulled up her skirt so I could see her gorgeous butt cheeks divided by a sluty thong. She was making me so horny, but even more, she made horny herself. She got so horny that, at one point, she had to stop, pull her panties aside, and rub her pussy until all the squirt came out. There was so much squirt that you could easily fill a bottle of beer. As a nasty slut, she wiped her pussy solely with her hand, and then put her fingers in her mouth. That was the moment when I couldn’t wait for any more, so I took out my dick and told her to suck, without caring whether someone will see us or not.   She kneeled in front of me and started sucking it as her life depends on whether I will like it or not. My baby stuck it down her filthy throat as deepest as possible and kept it there until she was unable to breathe. She made such a mess with her spit around my cock. She pulled down her dress so her cute tits could be naked, and the spit fell on her boobies. She likes behaving like a filthy slut, and it turns her on so fucking much. After she gave me a blowjob, she leaned forward on a swing, and I started banging her from behind. I fucked her hard for a few minutes, after which she kneeled in front of me again and opened her dirty mouth so I could cum inside her throat. I shot a massive load, and she swallowed it like a pancake cream. My dick was still in erection when she told me that she wants to fuck more, but that she doesn’t want to get caught. We went home, and I fucked the shit out of her like never before. She’d do anything to show her skill. Whenever my dick pounds her hole, she can’t stop squirting. Oh, she calls me “Daddy”? That’s how I know I hit her sweet spot. I kept to buck my hips against her, she yelped loudly. “Fuck me! Make me cum again!” “Oh, my god! I’m cumming again!” she moaned as her body started to shake. I pulled her hair, spanked her. “Oh, damn! Yes!” I groaned as I slammed my cock deep inside her clasping pussy. Her pussy was so wet, and she squirted so much. She is my little sex freak, and I like her for that.