Are you ready for some extremely taboo pornography? Because Anne is about to bring it to you. This girl has been around orphanages since she was a little girl. When she turned 18 she was transferred to a new orphanage for grown orphans. However, what she ended up seeing there was nothing that she could ever have expected. All the girls there were just a sex tool for the director of the orphanage. He was the one in charge and he could fuck any girl he wanted. He was using the girls as labor for a black-market business he was selling used panties. They worked on webcam and other forms of men’s entertainment to earn their keep. Anne was new there so she was really against it. She watched in disgust as the director went from one girl to the next to fuck their throats and pussies. She couldn’t believe her eyes and she swore that she would never do something like that with him. However, one day a luxury car pulled into the complex. A beautiful and well-dressed woman got out and walked to the orphanage. She was the personal assistant of a very successful businessman, who had been asked to invite a local orphan to his estate for an upcoming charity event. Anne, a sad looking girl, so shy and innocent, was the only one who caught her attention. ‘Would you like to come with me and let me help you find your parents?’ She asked. The director put on a fake smile and assured the assistant that he would personally bring Anne to their estate in the morning.   Then he dragged Anne into his office. She begged him to let her go, desperate, Anne finally offered to have sex with him. He smiled and took his pants down. His prick was inches from her face. The girl took his cock in her hand and put in in her mouth. She took him all the way inside her mouth and grabbed the balls. She sucked and licked his cock and even stuck her tongue out to lick the balls. He rubbed his dirty pecker all over her pretty face to his amusement and sick satisfaction. She got bent over the table, groped, and then the director was ready to take her virginity. Anne screamed when he pushed it hard into her virgin pussy. He gripped her by her long silky hair and began a hard, aggressive pounding. He was fucking her beautiful body rough and hard and turning her into a total whore. After fucking her he taught her how to give good head and then came all over her face. You might think that this is the end of her journey as a whore for hire, but it is only the beginning. It is a real turn of events for Anne who turns into a total slut. She is ready to do anything in order to find her real parents, and that means taking her sugar daddy’s hard cock as hard as possible. Anne is being used left and right by pretty much everyone. Just a lonely little whore who can’t find a place in this world except at the tip of someone’s huge bulging hard cock. The directors have done a great job! And it’s a bliss to see pornstars that can actually act! A must in every collection. This is excellent, great storyline, the whole trilogy is the best porn production ever and this here is a nice start.