He has been away for a long time because of his college obligations. He got home and after unpacking, he came to his sister’s room to greet her. She was all grown up now and pretty. They haven’t seen each other since he left, so she wanted him to tell her more about college. Already nervous about starting a college in the fall, she pressured her step-brother into teaching her how to be more sexually adventurous. They were talking and he was so aroused watching his sexy sister as a grown woman. Her body has changed and she turned into an adult. Looking at her was exciting him so much. He caressed her leg, and she told him their parents were sleeping. They were messing around, as the tension rose. They started kissing passionately. He took off his sister’s top and began kissing her small titties. Her hand took his dick out and she touched it for the first time. He removed his clothes and his sis moved to taste his dick. She put it in her mouth, sucking it for the first time ever. She was moaning with his cock in her mouth and rocking to his hands that was in her panties. Her pussy was smooth and her moans of pleasure intensified. Her panties were now soaked in her juices. They wanted to feel each other totally, so the teen girl got on her back and spread her legs, revealing her shaved pussy to her step brother. He was fascinated and his dick was eager to taste her pussy. Her meaty pussy lips were on full display. He put it on her young cunt, getting them acquainted for the first time. He entered his sister while kissing her softly. She was moaning from all excitement. He was penetrating her while her hand was caressing her clit, providing her more satisfaction. He moved faster and faster, his cock thrusting deep and fast inside her pussy.   He was pounding her hard, while grabbing her small tit. The siblings felt a lot of love and thought that sex was the only thing left to connect them eternally. The young naked girl got on top of him and show him what she had learned while he was away. He was impressed with her riding skills and promised to teach her some new tricks he had learned at college. Their night was so passionate and the teens didn’t care if their parents could hear them. The sister felt free to moan loudly whenever she was feeling nice. Their sex became rougher and they tried out a few positions. Every one of them worked just fine for them, as their desires for each other were so strong. Little sis wanted to try doggy, so she turned her back at him and let him fuck her like that. She seemed to like this best, as he fucked her tight pussy as hard as he could. Deep, hard thrusts that slapped against her ass made her tiny body quiver. He was nearly reaching his destination so he pulled himself out and came over her pussy. She placed her finger inside her cunt, pushing his sperm inside her while jerking herself until she came as well. Their reunion was a happy one. FamilySinners is not afraid to break that Family sex taboo. Some of these teen girls let their stepdads and stepbrothers fuck them, and some guys get to fuck their sexy stepmoms. They like to keep it all in the family here and you get to watch all the hardcore action. Don’t miss this site if you think that incest family sex fantasies are hot.