They had been married for five years. In the beginning, their marriage life was fun and fulfilling, and it has slowly become dull and full of arguments. She has been unhappy for a long time now, and every day she reminisces about their sex life they were having years ago. Her husband was treating her like the center of his world, and now she feels sad, horny and lonely. She decided that she wouldn’t wait for her husband to remember to give her what she desperately needed and she would take anyone willing to please her. One day she was taking a bath, horny and wishing for someone to take her straight away. As she was touching her pussy under the water and massaging her breasts, a hot stranger came into her bathroom and put his hands on her breasts. She didn’t complain and just kept touching herself. The sexy babe rubbed her wet slit up and down, parted her plump pussy lips, slipped fingers over her clit. The stranger took off his clothes and stood by the tub. His dick was slowly rising and she opened her mouth to take it in. The man started pushing it deep into her mouth. She was so turned on and they were a perfect match. He kissed her and helped her get out of the tub. He took her wet dress off and kissed her beautiful boobs. Big, soft, all natural tits! The naked girl got on the nearby sofa and spread her legs, offering her pussy. The man was so hungry and he got on his knees and started eating her cunt, kissing her all over, licking up her pussy with his tongue and swirling it around her clit. She was happy to have finally had someone to make her feel special. She was holding her big tits and moaning from the pleasure she was feeling. They stood up and the busty naked babe lifted one leg on the sofa and let the stranger fuck her. He was standing behind her, holding her boobs while he was going inside her hardcore.   It felt so good to both of them, as they haven’t had any action in a very long time. She loved rough love and every time the stranger pulled her hair or grabbed her she got more aroused. He reached around and grabbed her tits with both hands, cupping them. He was fucking her like every woman should be fucked. She was so thankful as she finally had the treatment she deserved. He was doing her hard and her body was exciting him so much. While he was penetrating her fast, he felt he would cum soon, and he desperately wanted to cum inside her. He wanted to keep going, until his new woman would feel the satisfaction herself. They were having the most passionate fuck as she was in doggy pose, while he was pounding her from behind. Her big tits with beautiful large areolas were swaying everywhere. His strong hands were everywhere on her flawless body, kneading her ass cheeks, caressing her breast, pulling her hair. He was going fast, and they were both ready to unload. He placed his strong hand on her clitoris and rubbed it while penetrating her. Her pussy was exhilarated and it climaxed, letting all the juices out. He was happy that she was satisfied, and he let all his jizz inside her, finally. They were both thrilled after a hot session. He gave her the kind of good fucking her husband could have never dreamt of.