I have a girlfriend named Savannah, and we are together for several months already. Our sex is amazing, and I like the fact that she adores all the nasty stuff, just like me. One time, we decided to rent a nice weekend cottage with a pool together and spent two days there without anyone else. Of course, I don’t even need to say that we would be naked and fuck all weekend. As soon as we got there on Saturday morning, we took all of our clothes off and came down the pool. Savannah was so horny, and I could see it in her eyes. Her body is slightly chubby, but she has a beautiful face, big tits, and a big ass. She adores fucking in the ass, and, as most of the chubby girls, she likes being spanked hard. As soon as we got naked, I started playing with her fat pussy. I like to do that before anything else because that is how I get her homeyness level to the top. After that, I know that she is willing to do anything. While I was fingering her pussy, she had a small plug in her ass hole, because we knew what was going to happen soon. Still, before that and after I made her squirt, she kneeled in front of me and gave me a fantastic blowjob. After that, she took the oil and oiled her entire naked body. My hot naked girlfriend lay on the floor in front of me, facing her big bubble ass towards me (the anal plug was still in her butt hole), and started twerking with her booty ass. She was teasing me not only to fuck her but to rough her up. I took out the sex toy from her ass hole and stuck my dick in it. I started banging her in the doggy style and pulled her hair at the same time. I have an obsession with women who can squirt and my girl can squirt with her ass! She yelled with delight as her ass squirted high in the air! We then switched to a standing position, so I still fucked from behind, holding her one leg in the air, while she was rubbing her pussy and enjoyed my cock in her butt hole. After that, I lay on the floor and let her sit on my cock. She rode it like a cowgirl while I was spanking her booty ass as strong as I could. Her ass cheeks shook and made a delicious slapping sound. She likes to fuck rough and adores when I spank her hard. We switched the doggy style, and a cowgirl poses a few more times before she kneeled in front of me, opened her mouth, stuck her tongue out, and patiently waited for me to shoot my cum all over her filthy face. I shot a massive load and covered her whole face with jizz. Afterwards she could twerk her ass with cum dripping down her chin and oil flying everywhere. She didn’t want to wash, because she likes the smell and taste of cum on her. It was the start of a beautiful weekend. 