Khloe and Kenzie are two stepsisters, and they are both lesbians. They both have girlfriends, and they hang out together a lot. One day, the girls were with their girlfriends at home at the same time, and they decided to do a little trick on them. The girls decided to ask their girlfriends to put a blindfold on them, persuading them that it will be a new exciting experience for them. However, their girlfriends didn’t have a clue that these two horny blondies are actually planning to swap places, so Kenzie was supposed to fuck Khloe’s girlfriend, and Khloe was supposed to fuck Kenzie’s girlfriend, Jenna. Once the sisters got their girlfriends in their underwear and put a blindfold on them, they swapped positions. They started touching and playing, but when Jenna started sucking Khloe’s tits, she felt nipple rings, and she knew that her girlfriend didn’t have nipple rings. She took the blindfold off and saw Khloe! She was shocked, she said that she always had a thing for Khloe and that she would probably have sex with her if she asked, but that it is not fair what she and Kenzie did. The naked girls got up from the bed and walked naked to the room where Kenzie and Khloe’s girlfriend was already making love. They were so into it that Kenzie didn’t even notice Jenna and Khloe. Jenna put a binding over Khloe’s neck and made her kneel in front of her and lick her pussy. Jenna made Khloe say she is sorry while she was kneeling naked in front of her on a leash. When she apologized by licking her pussy, they got to the bed. Khloe’s girlfriend took her blindfold off, and Jenna explained to her what happened.   She was shocked, but she wasn’t angry. I really like this whole playing with deception bit between the step sisters who have crushes on each other’s girlfriends. Jenna said that the only way for Khloe and Kenzie to apologize is to fuck each other, while they watch. The naked sisters started scissoring their beautiful wet pussies next to each other. It was an introduction into an insane lesbian orgy, in which these four naked girls enjoyed licking each other’s pussies, asses, feet, tits, and any other body part they could think of. These teen lesbians nibbled, kissed, licked and sucked, using their talent in cunnilingus to give each other one orgasm after another. The girls simultaneously stimulating each other with mouths on pussies and fingers playing with assholes, making each other go crazy with orgasms. All four girls scissored their legs to rub their wet pussies together. Pussy, pussy, pussy and another pussy. Each girl had an orgasm, shaking and cumming as both her holes were probed by the other two, and she still came back for more! They all got so horny and naughty that they never wanted it to end. Since that day, they started having group sex together so often that they almost forgot who is with whom. They enjoyed being four naughty lesbians with kinky fetishes and gorgeous bodies and spending hours naked and horny at home. This is by far the best lesbos site just now. Such a dream to have all these beautiful girls in one scene!