Kenzie is a blonde teen girl who is a lesbian and has a girlfriend. Her girlfriend is a redhead, and, one day, Kenzie invited her to come over to her place to stady together. The redhead came, but when she got there, Kenzie wasn’t home. She called her, and Kenzie told her to wait for her with her brunette housemate. What the redhead didn’t know is that Kenzie was in another room, and she wanted her housemate to try to seduce her girlfriend. The brunette looks gorgeous, and she didn’t need much time to take the redhead’s top off. The redhead was worried that Kenzie would come back home soon, until, at one point, Kenzie did come next to them. Her girlfriend was shocked, but Kenzie told her not to worry and explained that watching as another girl make love with her turns her on. It was incredibly exciting to watch her girlfriend kissing another girl. The redhead realized that the girls had planned this all along. Kenzie also admitted that the idea of having sex with another girl in a threesome turned her on more than anything. Her girlfriend was too horny already and didn’t object to anything. Kenzie and her housemate got the redhead fully naked. The brunette started licking her pussy, while Kenzie sat on her face and let her lick hers. With the excitement of watching another woman licking her girlfriend’s pussy, the little blonde was moving her pussy all over her face, creaming her face with her pussy juices, using her little nose to tease her slit and clit. Seeing her pretty face buried in thus plump fleshy pussy, fucking delicious! She even spread her pussy lips wide with both hands to rub her clit against her gf’s mouth. After a while, all three naked girls changed poses, so now it was the brunette leaning on the back and spreading her legs for Kenzie to lick her pussy, while the sexy naked redhead sat on her face and let the brunette lick her pussy for some more. All these girls are absolutely beautiful! Then the naked girls fingered each other a little bit and made their pussies even wetter, after which the brunette licked Kenzie’s pussy, and the redhead the asshole. Her body quivered as their tongues caressed her both holes.  The young lesbians even scissored their legs to rub their pussies together, mixing their cunt fluids with passionate tribbing. Three very gorgeous young naked girls doing one very hot scene. 