They had been dating through all of high school. They were both virgins, and they were desperately and anxiously awaiting this day. Countless times they were making out and into some seriously heavy petting, but they always backed off. Finally could enjoy her parent’s absence all by themselves. She took off her panties, crawled into the bed next to him and spread her legs. The boy was looking at the first pussy he had ever seen. The girl softly touched her pussy slit for him. She wanted to feel his cock in her hand. Her legs were already quivering in anticipation. She ran her fingers in his boxers and found the head of his cock, it was dripping, pulsing. She grabbed his beautiful manhood and stroked it gently. While they were kissing, he was touching her virgin pussy, after which he got down and licked it. For the first time ever someone was kissing her pussy. His tongue probed the soft folds of her oozing quim and then slid deep between her engorged labia. Then the boy lay on his back because it was her turn to please him orally. She put her little bare feet in the air, grabbed the cock, put it in her mouth, and he felt her mouth begin to suck on his cock. The girl didn’t have a clue what she was doing, having never sucked a cock before, but she started bobbing up and down on his dick. When she felt he was about to cum in her mouth she stopped. She lay on her back and spread her legs and let him put his penis in her. She fucking lived for the feeling of his hard cock pounding her pussy. He had seen a lot of porn videos and wanted his girl to ride him. They swapped position and she on him with his cock totally disappearing inside her. The girl was amazed how so much cock could go into her little pussy. While she was jumping on his dick, she was squeezing her beautiful natural tits that were peaking below her T-shirt. He gave her a hard sidefuck from the back, too, and kissed her while he was banging her. He fucked her in a doggy style pose too, and as time went by, he realized that his girlfriend likes being roughed up and fucked hardcore. He got more relaxed, so he pulled her hair while fucking her and squeezed her tits and face a few times. He came on her stomach, and she felt so good while his warm cum was all over her beautiful, slim, fucked, naked body. 