Step into a world of whores and horror, where a gushing orgasm is only a prelude, to a mysterious murder! These guys went on a road trip one day. They headed towards a small town in Arizona, that hadn’t been on any maps since it became famous a few years ago because a serial killer killed 12 people over there. While they were on the road, they noticed a stunning girl hitchhiking. She wore shorts, a tank top, and had a few tattoos on her sexy body. They stopped and asked her where she was going. She said that she needs to go to Phoenix, but that she’ll go to the nearest town that has a bus station. They decided to give her a ride. Her name was Katrina, and she was a real, genuine slut. When they got to the town, Katrina decided to spend a night in a motel with them. She took a room for herself and the guys were in the next room. They planned to investigate the case but she had other plans. She called the boys and told them that her door couldn’t get locked. One of them went to see what’s going on. He tried to fix it but was unable to. He suggested that Katrina takes another room, but she told him that she is not afraid of a serial killer, plus he can stay with her. She told him that she noticed how he was looking at her and that she knows he wants her. He was a little shy and said that it is because of the tattoos she has on her arms. She pulled down her shorts and showed him another tattoo on her ass! She had “slut” tattooed on her butt. The guy was hard to control himself, so he grabbed her ass and started licking it. Katrina liked it and wanted to show him her piercings too. She took off her tank top and her bra, showing him her gorgeous big tits with pierced nipples. He grabbed her tits with both hands “Like them?” she asked.   She looked at him as she cupped her gorgeous tits, kissing them all over, sucking on her amazing tits. Yes, that’s what she’d wanted since she met them! The slut pushed him onto the bed, and she looked at him, teasing him. He fucked her face, making her gag the deeper and harder he pushed his cock in her mouth. Very soon, they both got naked on the bed. The beautiful naked babe sat on his cock and slowly rotated her hips in circles. She quickly picked up her speed and really began bouncing on his cock with a fury. Her tits bounced wildly. She rode it like a wild, nasty cowgirl and rubbed her shaved pussy while she was doing it. After that, she got in a doggy style position, and before banging her from behind, he licked her ass and pussy again. He then fucked her so rough that she screamed from pleasure. He pulled her hair and spanked her naughty ass. She took him in position after position as her big natural boobs and juicy butt jiggled and bounced! She is absolutely gorgeous! She rode his dick on a chair again and fucked him until her pussy was filled with cum. When they were done, he got dressed and went back to his room. Katrina put just her tank top on and went to bed. She didn’t put any panties on, because she realized that someone was outside the door. There’s more to this old town than meets the eye… Watch the entire frightening horror series right now! Perfect story, awesome fuck, lots of top pornstars.