Are you ready for a very special interactive girlfriend experience? The sexiest girl is more than willing to spend a wonderful day with you! Interactive porn game that allows you to direct pov sex scene, make all the decisions, choosing when and how to fuck your girlfriend. You and your girlfriend are in a nice house with the pool. You want to relax and enjoy, and do absolutely nothing but fucking, eating, sleeping, sunbathing, and swimming in the pool. After a fantastic Saturday, on Sunday morning, you wake up naked next to each other. You are horny from the moment you open your eyes. You sexy beautiful girlfriend knows how to be slutty, so she asks you if she can have breakfast in bed, meaning if she can suck your dick before doing anything else. Of course, you let her have it, so she grabs your huge cock and starts stroking it and sticking it down her throat. After she gave your a morning blowjob, she sits on it and rides it like a cowgirl until she cums on your dick. Your sexy naked girlfriend goes to the bathroom to take a shower. She is nude in front of you, and while she is soaping her gorgeous slim body, she gives you some soap to put it on her back. On the other side, she wants to wash your dick, so she kneels in front of you and washes it, but also uses the opportunity to put it in her mouth a few times. You go outside to the pool. You are swimming and diving, and your babe has a beautiful pink bikini. However, while you are fooling around in the pool, she takes it off. Yoy dream girl wants your cock in her mouth again. You lean back on the edge of the pool and take your shorts off, and she comes to you to suck your cock again. She thanks you for allowing her to pleasure your cock with her mouth. She is sucking you, trying to hold your dick as deep in her throat as she can.   After a blowjob outside, she walks out naked from the pool and gets back to the house, inviting you to follow her. You do she asks, and when you get inside, your naked girlfriend gets on her knees with her sexy ass high in the air and asks you to fuck her hard. You start banging her hairy pussy in a doggy style pose. She pushes her ass back to meet your thrusts, trying to bury your cock as deep in her as it goes. “Oooohh baby, that feels good,” she moans. You fuck her good, but later you change position to cowgirl, so she rides your dick like crazy. She starts slamming her wet pussy hard down over you. She enjoys fucking you until, once again, she puts her face in front of your dick and begins to stroke your cock with both hands until the cum comes out and sprayes all over her pretty face. After you have had sex for the second time until one o’clock that day, she decides to give you a surprise by making lunch. She puts an apron around her naked body and makes meatballs with spaghetti. It is so delicious, and you both enjoy it. When you are done eating, you play hide and sick, and your beautiful girlfriend uses that to disguise herself as a secret agent, after which she fucks you again. However, that is nothing in comparison that later she brings two girls to the house, claiming that they are masseuses, but actually they are there for an orgy!