A blonde Milf is alone in her house, as her stepson is playing volleyball with his friends. It is not difficult for her to seduce the young man when he returns home. “What’s so wrong with a mother and her stepson spending time together?” It’s hard to resist a woman who tells you how much she wants you. Little does his father know that the source of his new wive excitement is his teenaged dick. She is so lustful and her eyes cannot hide how horny she really is. She is a beautiful young woman. Her body is full of promise, her breasts full, hips wide and legs long and graceful. He knows what all his friends think about his MILF mom. It is hard to control herself, so she approaches him and starts kissing him passionately. He has always had a crush on his new mommy, and now it was time for him to become a real man and taste a real woman. The mom wants to show him a few tricks, so she goes down on her knees and unzips his pants. She is happy with what she sees. His dick is already hard and she places it in her mouth, to show it some appreciation. The boy is so excited. She puts her mouth over his cock head and swallows it all. He enjoys his first blowjob from his mommy in their family backyard. It was turning him on so badly. The MILF has a lot of experience and she knows what to do to a young boy. Her husband is away, so they can freely enjoy themselves. Her bra is off and she invites the boy to put his cock between her tits.   He has never tried that and he loves the feeling his cock is giving him, while tit fucking his stepmom. He starts going faster and he kisses her. She wants to teach him how to please a lady, so she goes fully naked. Naked woman spreads her legs and opens her pussy. The boy goes down and starts licking it. He has some skills and mommy is proud that he is going the right way. Her pussy is becoming all wet, and they want to feel each other fully now. Beautiful naked woman lifts her leg up, as he gets closer to put his young dick inside this shaved pussy. He starts going in and out slowly and gently. The mom is delighted and wants to go on top to show her skills. She sits down on the stud and puts the dick inside her. She goes for a wild ride on his stick while the boy lies down, experiencing his first real sex. The Milf starts going harder and faster, up and down his cock. Her body is so beautiful with full breasts and nice ass. He asks her to turn around, so he could try fucking her in doggy position. It is her favorite, so she turns her back to him, letting him penetrate her from the back. This is the best one for him, as he turns wild and pounds her hard. The sight of him railing his MILF mom is too damn much for him to handle anymore. He is falling in love with her when he takes his dick out and sprinkles his cum all over her.