My girlfriend is an exhibitionist freak, and I like her for that! I have been dating one girl for a few months already. She is really nice and has a beautiful face, a perfect body, and blonde hair. We enjoy spending time together, and especially we enjoy having sex. Just like me, she is a sex freak, provided that she is even kinkier than I am in a way that she likes having sex in public places. One day, while we were walking in a park, she asked me to give me a blowjob. I objected to it at first, but the bare thought of her putting her mouth around my dick made me crack. I agreed to do it, but I asked her to go somewhere where there are not that many people around. We found a spot that seemed isolated, although we could still hear noise and voices around. I pulled my cock out and she quickly stuck it in her mouth. She twirled and flicked her tongue all over my cock and my balls. She gave me a fantastic blowjob, but that only made as hornier, so we couldn’t resist without having sex. I lay on the ground, and she took off her panties and sat on my dick with her ass facing me. She was literally running pussy juice. She smiled and moved her ass up and down the length of my cock. I was squeezing her gorgeous butt cheeks and occasionally slapped them with my hands.   She turned around with my cock still inside her pussy. She was bouncing up and down and her tits were slapping my face. They are firm, round, the nipples hard. She gently squeezed them for me. She wanted to savor that feeling, grind herself on top of me in all directions, and make herself cum with my cock. I had the feeling she could ride my cock for hours. When she got up, she kneeled in front of me and started sucking my cock again. When I told her that I was about to cum, she told me to wait. She put her pink panties back on, but she didn’t pull them on to the top. She put them to be right below her pussy and told me to cum on her panties. I had shot so much cum on her panties. She wanted her panties to be soaked with cum while she walked among people in the park. It was the kinkiest thing she ever asked me until then, but I did as she wanted. I came in her panties, and she pulled them on to the top. We went back to the crowd, and I could easily see how happy she is for being such a dirty girl. “Oh, I love the feel of cum-soaked panties against my pussy.” Since we still wanted to play, we used every opportunity when nobody looked at us for her to pull down her panties, and I took a photo with my cell phone. Photos of her with her panties down and her shaved pussy with people walking by behind her looked so stunning. However, she was still horny and wanted me to cum in her mouth. We came back home and I was so horny that kept fucking her in all possible positions. 