I had promised my girlfriend that I would take her for a summer vacation in Barcelona. We had just arrived and unpacked, so it was time to go for a walk. We were taking a stroll in the gardens, and my girlfriend started teasing me. She lifted her shirt to show me her pink and white bra, and it matched her panties. We were both feeling horny, so we decided to go back to our room to cool off. All our vacations are mostly spent fucking around in the hotel room. It was no different this time. We were back in our room and we were messing around on the bed and my girlfriend pulled her shirt down, to reveal her beautiful tits. She took my dick out, rubbed it against her nipples and placed it in between her warm tits. My dick was already hard, but I loved feeling it between her melons. Her nipples became hard because she was teasing them with my cock. She opened her mouth and put it inside. I felt her tongue slowly caress the head of my cock. She tried to deepthroat me but it was too big for her. She went lower twirling her soft tongue around my balls while she slowly jerked my cock with her hands. She was giving me a good blow, and my dick was getting ready for some steamy action. My girl sat on top of me and turned her shaved pussy towards me. My dick got into her wet cunt and I started fucking her intensely. She held her tits, as she was moaning. Her round tits were just in front of me, so I could look directly at them, while my dick was getting deep inside my girlfriend. I loved the view so much. I was soon ready to let out all my sperm, so she got down on her knees and I asked her to open her mouth and get her tongue out. I let all the juices onto her face.   We decided to make a brief pause, and my girlfriend went to take a shower. I couldn’t keep myself from her, so I followed her into the bathroom. She was naked in the shower, all wet and she smiled when she saw me. I approached her and touched her boobs and I was happy to feel her soft, slippery skin. She liked it as well, so she was soon down on her knees, giving me another blow. It was so stimulating, being in the steamy bathroom, with the most beautiful girl in the world. My cock was ready for another shot of her fountain of youth. My babe sat on a stool and leaned on the counter and I started fucking her pussy fast. We were both enjoying each other, and the temperature started going higher. I felt her pussy squeeze on my cock inside of her. It was so beautiful to watch her cum. Her breasts with puffy nipples were right above my face when she rode me. I asked her to turn around and to show me her ass. She turned and I pushed my cock inside her, from behind her. I was pounding her hard and the sound of our bodies slapping each other was getting me closer and closer to satisfaction. I kept going until I couldn’t resist myself, so I got out of her and let all the jizz one her face, once again. I busted on her face, just the way she likes.