This dude lives with his dad and his stepmom. His dad remarried a woman that is only 15 years older than him. They have a lot of money, so even though his stepmother has a job, she doesn’t necessarily need to work. One day, it was really nice and sunny outside, so she decided to skip work and sunbathe near the pool. She noticed him and she asked him to oil her body. The dude got horny with the bare thought of doing it, and especially after he started smearing oil over her beautiful curves. She had big round tits, and she took them out, asking him to oil them too. He did as she asked, after which she took off her bottom part too, and asked him to oil her naked ass! When she got her whole body oiled, he sat on the edge of the pool, the beautiful naked woman got inside the water and pulled down his shorts. Her lips and tongue went around him seductively and she looked up into his eyes as she sucked and massaged his cock with her mouth. She gave him a beautiful blowjob, after which she turnted around and told him to fuck her right there in the pool! He could not believe his eyes. Her hot cunt was pulsing with desire, desperately needing something inside it. He aimed the head at the wet cunt, and let his cock sink balls deep with one hard thrust. “Hell, yes!” she groaned. She pushed her ass back to meet every thrust. After that, they got out of the pool, and he lay on the ground, allowing his stepmom to sit on his dick and ride it. The horny MILF was jumping on her stepson’s dick like crazy, while her full and plump tits were bouncing up and down. This MILF is volcanic, great hard body and sexual energy! Can’t stop watching this scene, she going froggy style is just fantastic. She is 45 years old but this performance 19-25. He fucked her so rough and hard, and when she noticed that he was about to cum, she begged him to cum on her face. He did as she asked and shot his big load all over his stepmom’s face. Hot naked woman went to the pool to wash off the cum. Great outdoor scene, she has a great body, volcanic sex….dream boat. 