This young and mischievous schoolgirl ended up in detention once again for being too promiscuous and dressing too skimpy. She sneaked into the teacher’s lounge. Alone in the room, the schoolgirl was plotting her revenge against the teacher, and the plan was for her to rub that tight, wet pussy on every piece of furniture. Just as she took of her pink panties and started grinding off the couch, her math teacher barged inside with another, redhead P.E. teacher and the women started making out. The teen girl quickly hid behind a shelf as the other two started making out on the couch! She fought hard to stay silent as her horny teachers were having sex right in front of her. The situation was quickly becoming all hot and steamy when the lesbian couple found her panties! Although the girl tried to be quiet, she couldn’t stay silent when the lesbian teachers started gossiping about her. When they started speculating how that pair of panties ended up there, the hiding schoolgirl revealed her presence to stop any type of rumors from spreading. However, that’s when the situation exploded and, just moments later, the schoolgirl found herself sitting between the lesbians. The redhead smoothly bared the schoolgirl’s perky tits and, from there on out, there was no stopping these three. With her legs spread and sitting between two horny lesbians, all this girl was able to do was to lick their tits while enjoying gentle pussy rubbing. The teachers then went down on her, creating an erotic train of naughty lesbians eating each other out. The teen girl was constant cumming while being eatin out. The naked girls started changing positions and spicing things up. With the math teacher in the middle, eating the schoolgirl out on all fours, the P.E. teacher was behind her, doing the exact same thing to her snatch. The ass play in this scene is absolutely perfect. No toys, lots of licking, getting to see each woman’s ass, and one finger, perfect. Screams of pleasure filled the teacher’s lounge as this lesbian trio went wild. From sloppy pussy licking to kinky face sitting and perverted rimming, all three naked girls kept going long and hard, into multiple orgasms, with lots of fingering and scissoring. I enjoyed seeing the fingers in the asses, the pussy licking, the 69 with ass licking and all the other stuff. Story inspired by an original submission by Girlsway member! I always wondered what goes on in The teachers’ lounge too.  