He has had a crush on his new sister ever since he met her. She is really hot and he would turn horny every time he sees her. She came back home from morning workout and he followed her to her room. He watched her undress and drop her clothes and her panties on the bed. Her body was perfect. She had been a cheerleader all through high school and college. Strong legs, round ass, and two perky breasts. She took off her clothes and went to take a shower. He was so aroused, so he sneaked into her room and stole her panties, while she was in the shower. When his sister got out of the shower she realized her panties were gone. She went to his room and saw her brother jerking off while sniffing her underwear. She stormed into the room and confronted him. He invited her to his bed and made her confess she liked that he had a crush on her. Her bathrobe barely covered her luscious tits. She could see his cock was at full erection. She slowly opened her bathrobe and let him look at her breasts. He moved closer to kiss them. Her nipples went hard and she admitted liking him as well. His cock was so hard and he wanted her to suck it. The girl was a little embarrassed but she kept going. She liked his dick and wanted to play some more with it. The brother wanted to taste her pussy, so he went down to eat it. He was sucking it, while poking her panties inside it. The girl was enjoying it so much and she was ready to fuck his brains out. She jumped on top of him. She looked him in the eyes as his cock touched her wet pussy, she wanted to watch his face as he entered her. His cock was twitching in anticipation of fucking her senseless. This was one of the most erotic sex scenes I’ve ever seen. They were trying to keep quiet so their parents wouldn’t catch them. They were so horny and didn’t think about stopping ever. He was doing his sexy stepsister from the side, while choking her neck. Hot naked girl was moaning as he was getting rougher with her. His balls were ready to eject the fuel, so he pulled himself out and let everything splash on her face. 