I recently met her. Allie was the most petite girl; a short, thin teenage girl whose chest was barely big enough to need a bra, but she was absolutely adorable. But most importantly these teen girls have insatiable sex drive! Allie had insatiable appetite for sex and always wanted to try sex in different ways, and different places. We had sex in the bedroom. We had sex in the shower. And we even had sex in the kitchen. This is why I decided to buy that thing, a remote-controlled vibrating plug for her pussy! She just plugs it and I get to control the level of vibrations she gets. I just love to randomly press the button and watch her moan and feel the sensational vibes. It makes me so horny to see her go crazy or get down on the floor, feeling all those strong vibrations in her pussy. It was the best gift ever and it has since become our favorite toy. I just press the button and she instantly has an orgasm. That day we were by the pool and I was teasing her for quite some time. My dick was becoming so hard and she wanted me to fuck her so badly. We went inside and she pulled out my cock and started jerking it with her small hands, while I was sending her the positive vibrations. My dick was getting in the right mood and I wanted to give the love back. I took off her bikini and started licking and sucking her clitoris. The toy was good but she adored when I went down on her.   My tongue fit her pussy perfectly and I knew what she liked best. And me licking her made her even hornier. It was time for some hardcore penetration, as we were eager to fuck each other brains out. I placed my hard cock inside her impatient, but already wet pussy. She was so petite and I loved to pound her hard and roughly. I loved to treat her like a sex toy and get totally crazy with her. I asked her to turn around and let me fuck her doggy style. We both loved that pose so much. My thick dick was getting in and out of her tight pussy so quickly, and my petite girl was moaning loudly. I slammed my hips forward and buried my cock as deep into her little pussy as I could. It felt good to both of us and we became unstoppable. She got on top of me, so I was doing her from below. We were going hardcore. Her petite body was rocked violently by the strongest pleasure she’d ever known. She was all done, and she sprinkled her liquids all over the bed. She was cumming for the third time on his cock and her whole body was shaking in orgasm. I pulled my cock out and put it in her mouth to finish my job. My balls were soon empty and her face was covered in sticky, white cream. I loved how the toy turned her into a slut after just a few pushes of the magic button.