This young and petite brunette hottie was changing clothes in front of her window when she noticed her handsome neighbor peeping, hidden in the bushes. That got her all riled up and she decided to put on a show. One after the other, pieces of her underwear started going off as she flaunted those perky tits, firm ass, and tight holes for his viewing pleasure. That was more than enough to get his blood boiling and he just had to sneak in, climb up to her floor, and get to her bedroom. However, it turned out that her voluptuous stepmom was home and she saw all of that. As the guy was going up the stairs, this horny MILF stopped him in his tracks, lusting for some of that naughty pleasure herself. The guy was stunned and before he even realized what was going on, he already had this dashing mommy stroking his cock in the hallway and dropping down on her knees in front of him. One short but sweet blowjob and deepthroat later, and the horny mommy allowed the neighbor to go to her stepdaughter’s room. His cock was still all slippery from MILFs warm mouth when he reached the young cutie’s room and found her in there topless. They immediately started making out and undressing. It wasn’t long before the brunette nubile ended up sitting on the guy’s face, screaming in pleasure while grinding her cunt into his face and riding his tongue. The guy was lying naked on her bed, gently tugging on his boner when her stepmom snuck inside.   Unable to resist, she went for that throbbing dick. Just as she placed her tongue on the tip, the man jumped and the girl turned around. Saying how they were both surprised would be an understatement but this lusty mommy quickly talked them into it. She suggested she could teach them a couple of things… and give them an extra pussy and mouth to play with and now they were getting ready for a steamy threesome. As the curvaceous MILF stripped and continued with a passionate blowjob, the naked teen was only getting louder while riding her boyfriend’s tongue. Stepmom was in full control and she started commanding them what to do. She turned her stepdaughter around and the naked girls were now staring at each other, making out, and fondling while riding the man. With mom on his dick and daughter on his mouth, he was doing his best to fuck their brains out. As time went on, both babes kept picking up the pace and, soon enough, they were vigorously bouncing on top of him. The neighbor grabbed the teenie from behind and started pounding her tiny snatch while the naked woman went in front of her for long and sloppy pussy licking. With a cock in her cunt and eating her stepmom out, the girl was in heaven. Then, it was the MILF’s turn to ride dick and eat pussy. There was no stopping this trio anymore as they kept going rougher with every passing moment. His cock slid into one pussy after another every few minutes. Both girls came numerous times before he finally exploded with hot cum.