Two breathtaking young babes, as horny as they are beautiful, couldn’t wait to spoil their uptight, male friend. He was still working when they lured him to the bedroom, wearing their sexiest, red lingerie. Blonde and brunette were on their knees on the bed, leaning towards him, before swiftly pulling him between them. Just seconds later, the brunette was pulling his already rock hard cock out and the sexy girls started slobbering on it. One after the other, both babes were placing their luscious lips on that thick shaft, making it all slippery from precum and saliva spilling over. One girl would deepthroat that member with a passion while the other would go back to make out with him. Then, both girls focused on dick sucking, making sure they were giving him the best double blowjob of his life, kissing on top of his cock but continuously deepthroating. The girls smoked that cigar sensually. The brunette mounted the man in a reverse cowgirl. Not putting it in just yet, she was grinding her trimmed pussy on that shaft while the blonde rubbed her clit, enhancing the pleasure. Just moments later, in one swift motion, she impaled herself on that schlong and sat on his cock balls deep. The guy started ramming the brunette vigorously, drilling her snatch from underneath, making her cum all over his cock in just a couple of minutes. After an intense orgasm, the girls switched, and now the slender blonde was taking a pounding the same way. She was cumming and screaming as her sexy body convulsed with pleasures. The moans of the two girls got louder and louder. Having made both of them cum once, he continued ravaging their aching cherries in every way possible. Both hot naked girls were taking turns on his rod in every position they could think of. The girls got into a 69 position and started licking each other. He pounded one girl while his balls were rubbing against the other girl’s face. He drained his balls inside her pussy for a creampie to share. What a dream team! Amazing, fucking amazing. 