They are married for years. Their marriage is in crisis for a long time, and the main problem is that his wife is always tired to have sex. One night, he tried to persuade her to have sex, but she told him that she is tired, even though he later heard her masturbating. Everything changes when the next day he went to a bar. There he met an adorable teen called Ellie. The teen girl started flirting with him, and very soon, they were both at his house. The teen girl just looked so much like his wife when they first started dating. Ellie is a voluptuous wicked babe and adores fucking older married men. She told him to lean back on a couch, and then she unzipped her pants and took out his cock. She was going to make him cum in her mouth but he stopped her. He took a picture of his wife and suggested that she got a makeover to look like his wife when she was younger! At first, he was worried he had taken it too far but Ellie was down. When she messed with her hair and got him to call her Caroline, he finally felt more alive than he had for a long time. He stuck his cock in her mouth and made her suck it like his wife used to when they were younger. While the girl was doing it, his wife Caroline entered the door. She sees her husband with his cock in a teen girl’s mouth and it seems like it’s all over. They started arguing, and for the whole time, the teen whore didn’t stop sucking his dick. Caroline threatened him that she would live him, and he told her that now, only if she begs, he will let her stay in the house and maybe even join them in a threesome. Ellie liked what he said and ordered Caroline to beg on all fours like a bitch that she is.   His wife was shocked at first, but then she got on all fours on the couch and started sucking his cock along with Ellie. While she was sucking dick, the teen slut was licking balls, and the girls were such a perfect team. Later they switched, so now Caroline was licking balls, and Ellie got back to the dick. When the cock became hard enough, Ellie sat on it and started riding it with her tight teen pussy. She was wearing a sweater, which she pulled up so her tits could fall out, a mini skirt with no panties, fishnet stockings, and boots. While she was riding the dick, his wife took off one of her boots and ripped the stocking on her foot. He then fucked the teen girl from behind while she was kissing his wife and hugging her too. She wanted him to say that her pussy is better than wife’s, which he did. While he was banging her, Ellie mocked Caroline that her husband loves her young pussy more. However, a little later, it was time for his wife to be fucked. She lay on her back, put one foot high in the air, and he banged her vagina. While he was doing it, the young naked girl was squeezing her big tits, which were much bigger than hers. Caroline even licked Ellie’s pussy while he was fucking her, and it almost happened that they all came at the same time. It was one nasty threesome, and after that, the couple managed to refresh their marriage and be happy again. The performances were wonderful in this episode. The wife has a face and a body to inspire wet dreams. The teen is superb little actress. 