I went to my lovely blonde girlfriend’s house for a friendly visit but she had something different in mind. Being a mischievous little minx, this lusty hottie was using every opportunity to be as naughty as possible. Even though her mom was right behind us, doing something in the kitchen, the blonde nubile was flashing her tits for me, teasing me and testing my limits. She had this adorable, fluffy onesie on and it was easy for her to pull those perky breasts out and cover them in an instant. All that playing was turning her on more and more with every passing second. With her mom still behind us, oblivious to her daughter’s kinky advances, the blonde leaned forward, pulled my raging boner out, and started sucking me off. With those sweet lips going up and down my rock hard shaft, I could barely keep quiet and she was giving me one of the best blowjobs of my life. Cheekily, she even asked her mom a couple of innocent questions all the while choking on my schlong. Things were getting steamier with every passing moment and, soon enough, there was no stopping either of us. After such a long, sloppy, and risky cock sucking, there was only one thing left to do. That’s when my cute little blonde turned around, bared her firm ass, and sat on my member in a reverse cowgirl. We were both trying to keep it as quiet as possible as she rode me, impaling herself on my cock balls deep as I felt that dripping wet pussy gripping my rod firmly.   Unable to resist, I had to take the initiative. That’s when I grabbed my girlfriend, bent her over into a doggy style position, and started pounding her even harder. Her head was on the bed as I ravaged her from behind, with her mother still working in the kitchen, unaware I was fucking her daughter a couple of feet away. That pink snatch was dripping all over my member as I kept stuffing her, watching pleasure on that beautiful face, listening to her muffled moans. When her mom finally finished work we had to stop with our hardcore action and turn to something more subtle. I leaned against the counter and my blonde knelt in front of me. She was sucking me off once more, deepthroating and gagging with a passion while tasting her pussy juices all over my veiny cock. That finally pushed me over the edge. I pulled my dick out of her wet mouth and shot a massive load of jizz, plastering that pretty face all over. She smiled, cum on her face and my still throbbing cock next to her mouth. The plentiful amount of gooey semen was everywhere on her face. Shameless, the girl stood up with a messy cumface and proceeded to eat dinner like that in front of her mom, pretending as if nothing happened. Then, we headed to the bedroom to continue with hardcore action. This time she wanted me to cum inside her.