It was Kenzie’s best friend’s birthday and she came before the party to help her friend get ready. They were talking with her mom before the party and Kenzie was getting bored. Then her friend’s “eccentric stepdad” Steve entered the room, carrying around a pink dick-shaped piñata. She was thrilled to meet him, while her friend and her mom were ashamed of his weird gift. However, the blonde teen slut, found the cock-shaped pinata endearing and intriguing. She wanted to get to know her friend’s dad better, so she left the room and followed him to the kitchen. She wanted to know what was inside the piñata. He blindfolded her and she tried to smash the toy. The old pervert was playing with his dick, watching the young sexy girl. Kenzie finally broke the piñata and a bunch of dildos and sex toys fell out of it. She loved a diamond anal plug and asked Steve to insert it inside her ass! He was thrilled and he started plugging the toy and slapping the girl’s ass. They were both so aroused and felt a strong appetite for each other. The naked girl jumped onto the kitchen island and lifted her legs high in the air. The dad wanted a taste of the young, shaved pussy, so his tongue was getting deep inside it. The blonde and her pussy were enjoying the man’s eating skills and they were seeking more. He unplugged the toy, as he wanted to try out that ass himself. His dick was so hard and ready to explore her young tight asshole. He found his way inside her and placed the plug into her mouth. He was penetrating her ass and playing with her pussy. His fingers were pushing her cunt stronger and rougher, and her moans became louder. His cock was up her ass its whole length.   He pulled out and began to lick her asshole, sticking his tongue in and trying to get it in her little ass. The teen wanted a taste of his dick, so she lay on her back with her head hanging over the edge of the kitchen table. She opened her mouth and the man pushed it hard and deep into her throat. The cock was juicy and tasty. She turned her back to him and he started nailing her ass from behind. His big dick felt so good inside her tight asshole. She wanted him never to stop. Never before had she been fucked like that. All the boys from school didn’t have the experience of this old guy. He taught her how a real anal was done. He took her in his hands and started penetrating her ass once again before filling her mouth with his cream. The girl went between his legs to milk his cock! He kept cumming and cumming into her mouth. She wanted to have another go, so she went on top of him, while he was lying on the floor. She inserted his cock in her ass and started jumping up and down. Blonde teen slut was going faster, as his hand was rubbing her pussy fast and hard. The girl was getting to her best orgasm ever. Her anus was destroyed and her pussy was so wet and ready for an explosion. The fan dipped his finger deep inside it and the girl soon turned into a splashing fountain of eternal youth.