A stunning brunette MILF came to one of her tenants for inspection. The tenant, this young college chick, was vigorously riding her boyfriend’s cock and screaming in pleasure when the landlady barged inside, catching them in the act. Surprised at first, the young hottie allowed the MILF to continue with her inspection while she proceeded to fuck the brains out of her boyfriend. The landlady, who seemed to be this uptight lady in tight, formal clothes, was strolling around the apartment, checking things out, pretending she wasn’t caring about a young couple pounding hardcore, but she soon found herself getting turned on. When the college girl’s boyfriend went to the bathroom and the two cuties were left face to face, the real show began. The MILF couldn’t stop staring at that perfect body of a younger brunette standing in front of her but still tried to act disinterested. However, one thing led to another, and this lusty mommy found herself lying on the bed as her young tenant kissed her lips and fingered her dripping wet pussy. One sloppy licking and fingering later, and it was up to her to return the favor. Continuing to finger her pussy while simultaneously rubbing her ass, the naked woman now had her face buried deep inside a trimmed college pussy. She was driving her tongue into her pussy, licking and sucking her hard clit hard into her mouth. All that oral play was just the beginning as it was only a matter of time before this new lesbian couple turned to something much naughtier. Both of the naked girls crossed those long, slim legs, and started scissoring with a passion. Their pussies were in control, clits kissing each other with desperate abandon as they sent each other mutually over the edge. There was no stopping either of them anymore as they were losing minds with horniness. From pussy licking to tribbing, from pussy licking to face sitting, the girls kept changing and trying every position imaginable until both babes ended up having multiple intense orgasms from this lesbian experience. 