A naughty redhead professor gave her class homework regarding the adult industry. One particularly kinky brunette took the assignment seriously and made a breathtaking sex tape. Everything started off with erotic bondage. The naked girl was suspended in the air, with her bubbly ass and perky tits on full display as she waited for her partner to join. He approached her rock hard and immediately stuffed his boner deep down her throat. Losing her mind with horniness, the girl was eagerly choking while deepthroating with a passion. Her face quickly became all messed up from saliva and precum spilling over. That’s when the guy turned her around, still tied up, and began eating and tongue fucking her pussy. Determined to use her as his personal fucktoy, he simply stood up, in the middle of pussy licking, and rammed his schlong balls deep inside that tight cherry. The girl took it balls deep and he started ravaging her right off the bat. Every now and then, he’d pull out, spin his naked girl around, made her give him a short blowjob, then go back to drilling her cunt. After an intense, squirting orgasm the babe was finally released but the couple was far from finished. Wanting to take control over, the girl straddled her guy in a reverse cowgirl and sat on his member. This time, however, she wanted it in her ass. She was so horny that she took that rod instantly, all the way. He proceeded to bang her ass to a series of squirting orgasms so intense that she squirted high in the air. From there on out, there was no stopping her. She’d switch from anal riding to taking it back in her pussy, only to go back on her knees and deepthroat some more. Willing to fuck in every position imaginable they went deep and rough. The brunette squirts numerous times in many orgasms before finally receiving his messy, warm load. The entire first season of this series is a complete fucking masterpiece. I must say that Deeper has achieved Hollywood levels of cinematography. Adrianna being bound, suspended and frantically fucked is something new and exciting. She’s immensely popular and watching her have hardcore sex is really breathtaking. Stuff like this is why I love this site, can’t wait for season 2. Yes Sex is an art, it is a certainty. 