A geek traveler has finally come to the hostel he had booked. Upon coming he saw two sexy girls playing in the room. He filmed them and they welcomed him. He realized he would be sharing this room with two girls overnight! It was getting late and they went to sleep. He couldn’t sleep as he was very horny. He started jerking off below his blanket. The girl on the top bunk bed was also awake and bored. She looked down and saw the guy playing with his dick. She decided to go down and to sneak upon him. The girl pulled up the blanked and saw him jerking off. She got over him and grabbed his cock. He opened his eyes and looked at a pair of nice tits above him, and let her go on, while the other roommate was still sleeping. She sat on his face and he started teasing her over the panties. The girl liked that very much. He pulled the panties aside to feel her warm cunt. He placed his tongue over her pussy, to lick it, as she was pleasing him in a 69 position. They were both so horny and wanted to fuck each other madly. She lay beside him, pulled off her soaked panties and he pushed his hard dick inside her shaved pussy. His throbbing cock felt amazing, her heart was beating a thousand times a minute. They tried to keep quiet, but she could barely be quiet, her friend woke up and saw them fucking. She got aroused and wanted to join them, so she got up and approached the pair. The blonde stood next to them, playing with her cunt, as the brunette was sitting on top of him.   The guy was so happy so he took his phone out, to film the girls. The brunette put his cock in her mouth again, while the other naked girl was playing with his balls. He felt a whole lot of satisfaction, so he filled her mouth with his jizz soon. The brunette didn’t know what to do, so she loaded all that sperm from her mouth onto the blonde’s boobs. Everyone was so excited and wanted to keep going. They stood up to continue their fuck, as the other girl was masturbating on the floor, while filming the two. He was doing her from the side, as her leg was up on the bed. The blonde was teasing his balls, while the other one was moaning, as he was holding her tits. The brunette got down to the floor with her legs up. The geek filmed her again, as he was dipping the tip of his cock gently into her dripping pussy. The naked blonde was touching her body, watching them fuck. He kept going, this time harder and deeper. The brunette was moaning and enjoying the sensual penetration. She felt a lovely sensation, so she came with his dick still inside her. The blonde dipped her finger into the juice and put inside her own pussy. She was fingering herself until she reached her satisfaction. The naked girl were now satisfied, so they went back to sleep, finally.