Eliza was a new member of Club Vixen and couldn’t wait to get started. Kenna had been a member for a little over a month and she loved it. This dazzling blonde hottie and a stunning brunette had similar reasons for joining this steamy threesome. The girls were both looking for passionate yet casual sex that would help satisfy their needs without much effort. The sensual blonde needed consensual, anonymous sex that would push her to absolute limits. The brunette, on the other hand, was a busy young lady who just needed to blow off some steamy every now and then. Both girls receive a text for their date. That’s how these two found themselves in an expensive penthouse, going down and dirty with a handsome stud. The tight and fit brunette was in the middle, making out with a beautiful blonde while the guy ate her pussy all over. Such intense foreplay couldn’t last long as they were all longing for something much more naughty. Just minutes later, the lusty dark-haired beauty was taking a pounding from behind while standing and kissing her new girlfriend. Longing for that throbbing boner, the blonde dropped down on her knees and the guy pulled his schlong out for her to slobber on it and lick that dripping wet pussy at the same time. Then, the naked girls switched and now the blonde was taking a doggy style pounding while licking the other hottie up. Both girls were moaning in pleasure from that raging hardon and intense pussy licking. One after the other, the trio started changing positions and spicing things up. From fucking the blonde doggy style to throat pounding the brunette, both sexy naked girls were eagerly waiting for their turn to be mounted on that shaft. And any time one babe would be on top of it, taking a rough hammering, the other cutie would kiss and fondle her, rub her pussy or lick her tight asshole. They’re both really amazing! Cute titties, sexy, shapely legs, lovely plump asses, tempting assholes, one fuzzy pussy and one bald pussy. Both girls came numerous times before the guy finally exploded cum all over them. 