Since my dad remarried, I live with him, my stepmother, and my new Russian stepsister. She is skinny, pretty, and insanely naughty. She doesn’t mind walking naked around the house. One day, she got into my room, wearing nothing but a bathrobe. She came to tell me that she doesn’t like my girlfriend and that she thinks she’s ugly. To prove that, she took off her bathrobe and showed me her naked body. The door was unlocked, and our parents could come at any time, but she didn’t care. She wanted me to touch her ass and tits, her bald pussy, which I did, even though she took my hand and put it on her body. She has the most beautiful body that I have ever seen. With a slim stomach, very sexy breasts, with an amazing pussy and one hell of an ass! I must say that, even though she was my stepsister, I got really excited. She realized that, so she kneeled in front of me, unzipped my pants, took my cock out, and started sucking it. In her hand, she was holding my phone, with a written message to my girlfriend that I am breaking up with her waiting to be sent. After I came in her mouth, she asked me if I want her to send that, but I said no. She got up and went to the bathroom to take a shower. Even though I knew it was wrong, she turned me on so much that I had to follow her. I watched her taking a shower and took a few pictures with my phone. She noticed me and called me to join her under the shower. Later I was getting ready for a date with my girlfriend. When my sister realized that, she reminded me of a rule to always jerk off before going on a date and offered me her help. She started sucking my cock again and gagging on it, after which I finally had to fuck her. She spread her legs in front of me and my hand went to her pink slit. I plunged my cock into her. I pulled out quickly and plunged back in. Her pussy felt like it was on fire, and her whole body trembled. I first banged her in a missionary position, then in the doggy style, and then she rode my dick like a cowgirl. She was making sounds that made me so horny I could hardly resist not to cum. However, after I satisfied her need with my dick, I came all over her pretty face. I didn’t even go on the date. 