I was driving back from a long day at work and I saw an upset brunette along the way, yelling. I stopped to ask her if she was okay and she told me her boyfriend had just broken up with her. She didn’t have anywhere to go, as he kicked her out and took her phone from her. I was shocked as she opened the door, put her bags in the car, and sat beside me. I asked her what happened and she was so angry with that guy and wanted to find a new dick to replace him. With lusty features, a trim waist, and a banging booty, this mixed-Asian stunner will seduce you at first glance. We were chit-chatting and I got so aroused by this beautiful babe. She felt that and she lifted her shirt, revealing her big, stunning boobs! They were round and perfect! The babe then unzipped my pants and pulled my cock out. I couldn’t believe my eyes. I kept driving, as she was giving me a stimulating handjob. My cock was getting harder, so I decided to pull over. She started giving me an outstanding blowjob, as I was looking at her tits. She was so good at it, and I soon filled her beautiful mouth with my warm jizz. I looked at her pants and saw they were drooling wet. I had to touch her, and she was so wet. I put my hand inside her pants and felt a soft pussy waiting for my dick to invade it. So I decided to take her home to continue our sexy play. We went straight to the living room and she removed her pants and got by my couch. She was teasing me by shaking her lovely ass.   She got on the couch, put her legs around her head and stretched her pussy for me while playing with her boobs. I was so horny, so I quickly approached her and I placed my cock inside it to fuck her like that. She was moaning and she soon came, letting her juices down on the floor. Fucking shit that was a squirting orgasm! I kept going, this time harder and faster. She was looking at me as I was pounding her, and it made me so horny and eager for more. Her pussy was so wet, it was drooling. She squirted again, all over me. We decided to switch positions, so I got down on the table and she got over me. The crazy slut started riding me, as I enjoyed the view. She was jumping up and down and I was looking at her round tits. Her pussy was squirting shot after shot of her own cum all over me. She came, she moaned, she squeezed my dick with her vaginal muscles. Her juices mingled and seeped out to soak our pubic areas. My cock was ready to explode, but we continued our passionate fuck. She was so aroused and wild and she squirted again on me after a hot ride. I continued to pound her hard. The whole idea of picking up a hot chick along the way was making me feel so cocky and horny at the same time. I kept penetrating her beautiful cunt, to the final explosion. I gave her a lovely creampie and her pussy was filled to the top.