Scarlet has still been living with her ex-boyfriend even after they broke up. In the meantime, she met her new girlfriend and invited her over. The girls are always horny, they have sex all over the house when her ex don’t see them. Once they were in the kitchen. The ebony took out her strapon for her lady friend. She started nailing her from the back, in front of the open fridge. Suddenly, the ex-boyfriend came to the kitchen, so her girlfriend hid behind the fridge door. He wanted to get back together, but she explained to him that they were only roommates. After nearly getting caught, the girls enjoyed more strap-on sex, pussy-eating, and intense scissoring. As he left, they removed the clothes, and the brunette lay down on the kitchen table, as the ebony was penetrating her pussy with the strapon. Her girlfriend was moaning loudly, as she enjoyed it so much. She wanted to give her girl satisfaction in return, so she started licking her pierced pussy. The girls were so horny and they were eating each other pussies in turns. They both got on the kitchen table and started scissoring. After a successful session, the new girlfriend decided to go for a shower. They left the kitchen, but the ex-boyfriend found the strapon on the kitchen floor and took it.   He was determined to get her back, so he went to Scarlet’s room and started jerking off. After a while, she entered the room and found him naked in the bed. He kept asking her to get together and asked her to join him in the bed. She was resistant at first, but she approached him finally. She put his hard dick in her mouth and started blowing it, while squeezing his big balls. She remembered how well he could fuck her and she didn’t want to stop. She turned around to get in the doggy style, so he could push his dick inside her. He was nailing her hard and fast while she was screaming. They heard her girlfriend at the door, so the ex got under the blanket. He kept fucking her, as she was talking to the girl. The girlfriend got suspicious, so she uncovered the sheets and saw them still shagging. She got angry and left the room immediately. The pair kept on fucking, not caring much about her. The sexy ebony teen got on top, as he was pounding her from below. Her tits were jumping up and down, and she was enjoying that cock so much. She just kept cumming on his cock screaming in pleasure. Wave after wave of orgasm over took her body. Sexy Ebony babe lay down on the bed and spread her legs for another steamy round. He was doing her fast and deep. She asked him never to stop and to go harder. He was getting close to the climax, so he pulled himself out and sprinkled her stomach. She came at the same time, letting some juicy fluids out of her.