The school nurse was sitting bored in her office, waiting for any patient to come in. There was a knock on the door, and a hot blonde teenager asked if she could come in. The girl was afraid of the little spot on her thigh, so she wanted to have it checked to make sure it wasn’t cancer or anything dangerous. The nurse was examining the spot and she got enchanted with the girl, so she casually asked her to take off her top, to make an additional medical check on her breasts. The girl was a little shy, but scared of cancer, so she took it off to have them checked just in case. The nurse stated touching the teen’s pierced nipples and she was getting aroused by this young sexy girl, so she had the intention of stripping her naked. She asked her to get completely naked so she could check on her pussy as well. The girl agreed and she sat on the medical bed with her legs wide open. The nurse started touching her young, shaved pussy gently and confessed to her that she had always had a crush on her. The blonde was a little intimidated, but the offer was tempting, and the idea of screwing her school nurse excited her very much. She started kissing her thighs, slowly moving to the girl’s pussy. Her lips and tongue were making the girl’s pussy wet. The naughty nurse dipped her finger inside and started pushing it deep. The young girl was moaning and feeling so aroused by this woman. The nurse took off her clothes and sat on the girl’s face to have her pussy eaten. The teen started licking that pussy, as the nurse moaned out of excitement. They switched, and the girl got in the doggy style, so that the nurse can eat her asshole, while rubbing her pussy. She pushed her fingers inside the ass, while rubbing her cunt. The girl was moaning louder as she was cumming. She wanted to please the nurse, so she started eating her out. The brunette was pulling the girl’s hair as she was getting the best pleasuring ever. She pushed the girl down as she got over her and started scissoring. This was the blonde’s second time with a girl, and she liked it so much. The lesbian nurse knew what to do and how to please the girl. She was riding fast, as their cunts were rubbing against each other, making both girls scream and moan. The girls do one of the best jobs at tribbing I must say. The lesbians were both getting close to climax and they didn’t care to stop even when they heard a knock on the door. The nurse kept going harder and their cunts soon let out a sticky juice as the girls both moaned at the same time. The medical exam was over, and ever since that day, the girl came to her exams regularly. 