A girl shares a house with a cute guy. She always fancied him, but nothing ever happened between them. She is very pretty and has adorable, big, natural tits, with tattoos on her gorgeous body. Apart from that, she is very slutty too and always horny for cock. One day, she came down to the basement to do some laundry, and once she put her clothes in a machine, she sat on it to enjoy the vibration and started masturbating. She was wearing white socks, orange silky shorts, and a tank top. While she was playing with her pussy, she pulled up her tank top, allowing her beautiful tits to come out. Sit back to gaze at the most gorgeous tits you have ever seen! Large tits with huge areolas! At one point, her housemate came down to do his laundry too. When he got down the stairs, he noticed her masturbating. He got so turned on immediately that he put his laundry down and took out his penis. He started wanking it while watching her. She noticed him and asked him what was he doing but didn’t cover her tits at all. He apologized, but she told him that there is nothing to apologize for and that she will handle his dick instead of him. Busty teen girl kneeled in front of him and started doing what she wanted to do for a long time – sucking his dick and watching him in the eyes with his cock in her mouth. She gave him such a good blowjob and showed how nasty she is when it comes to sex. She stroked his cock and licked his balls while he pulled down his pants.   After that, she sat on a laundry machine, and he took off her shorts. She didn’t wear any panties at all. Her pussy was slightly unshaved. He spread it and started licking it, while, at the same time, he squeezed her gorgeous big tits. She was so happy that her sweet housemate licks her pussy and hardly waited for him to fuck her too. After a few minutes, the time for that came too. He stuck his dick into her vagina and banged her on a laundry machine. Her big tits were bouncing all over her chest to the rhythm of his hard dick sliding in and out of her pussy. Once he fucked her in that position, she came down from the laundry machine and arched back so he could fuck her from behind. Her tits were hanging, full and ripe. He started to pound into her so wildly her big tits were slapping against each other loudly. He fucked her hard and grabbed her boobs, and after that, he even stuck her head in a laundry machine and banged her in the doggy style. Even though she is slutty and fucked a lot of men, no one has ever fucked her like that. After that, they went to the stairs, where she sat on his dick and rode it. She was on top, and her ass was grinding and her tits were hanging down. Her large tits were waiting for him to cover them with hot cum. He then fucked her pressed next to the wall while pulling her hair at the same time. She couldn’t even dream that her kind housemate could fuck her that hard. When he was about to cum, he made her kneel in front of him and shot his load all over her face and her boobs.