A cute, 18-year-old teen came to spend a night at her friend’s house one day. She is new in town, and she recently joined a new school. Her friend lives solely with her father, and the three of them all had dinner together. At the table, her friend’s dad asked her if she has a boyfriend. She said no because she wants to focus on school, but she will have plenty of time for that when she gets older. While they were eating dinner, an old pervert dropped a fork, got down under the table to check his daughter’s friend’s panties. Since she was wearing a skirt with her legs wide open he could see her pussy bulge in her panties. At night he couldn’t get the image of her young pussy out of his mind. The thought of possessing her sweet youthful body was driving him crazy. He got so turned on that he decided to sneak into their bed that night. The girls were in bed, snoring softly. He pulled down his pants and lay next to his daughter’s friend. He began to stroke his cock, looking at her innocent body lying in wait for him. She was petite, but had blossomed into a lovely young woman, with a cute little ass, firm bosom, and tiny waist. The girl woke up, sensing a presence beside her. Her eyes fluttered open and she saw her friend’s father, lying beside her, half naked, staring at her with lust and silently jerking off. She was shocked but he put a hand over her mouth so that she would not make any noise. He told her to calm down and that nothing bad was going to happen. She was afraid that her friend would wake up, but at the same time, she couldn’t say no to her friend’s dad. He took her small hand and put it on his cock.   She had never touched a cock before but her soft hand felt amazing. He convinced her to have sex with him, promising that it would be their secret. She squeezed his hard cock and started stroking it. He took off her T-shirt and started kissing her neck. He then pulled down her panties, making her fully naked. No boy had ever seen her pussy. The feelings were so strong he couldn’t resist the urge to taste her young innocent pussy. He put his mouth on her pussy, his tongue entered her and he started his assault on her young cunt. He licked her pussy and made her so wet and horny. He took off his T-shirt too and stood upon a bed, and she approached him to suck his cock. Even though she didn’t have much experience, her mouth felt amazing. After a nice and quick blowjob, the naked girl lay on her back. He pressed his cockhead against her wet pussy lips, and with a small thrust, managed to slip his straining helmet into her tight slit. She moaned feeling his hot cock pushing deep into her little pussy. His breath was heavy as he fucked nice and slow her pussy that was so recently virgin. He fucked her while her right foot was leaned on his left shoulder. He gave her a nice sidefuck too, putting his hand above her mouth again because she liked the way he fucked her so much that she couldn’t resist without making sounds of pleasure. Once she learned to control herself, she sat on his dick and rode it like the girls she had seen in porno. After a while, she lay on her stomach, and he lay on her, sticking his dick in her pussy. That is when he fucked her the hardest, so he had to put his hand over her mouth again. She was naked, with a naked body of a mature man on top of her. It was her friend’s father, who fucked her while her friend was sleeping right next to them. She felt so slutty. He fucked her until he came in her pussy.