I have been living with this hot brunette since recently. She is very hot and she has a massive ass. I love to follow her around the flat and stare at that fabulous ass. I don’t know if she notices me, but I can’t help myself. She turns me on so much, and I can’t resist it. Today I saw her in her room. She kept the door slightly open, so I could peek inside. She got on her bed and removed her shorts and panties. She was horny, so she started riding her pillow and rubbing her pussy against it. I could see her perfectly round ass cheeks. She was squirming on her bed and grinding her pussy into the pillow. I was becoming more aroused by that scene and I wished she would ride me like that. I accidentally slipped and bumped into the door. My sexy roommate heard me and turned around to see my dick! I was standing, with my erection in front of her. To my surprise she loved what she saw and she didn’t stay angry. She sensually crawled up to me smiling and put it in her mouth! It was so hard and her warm mouth made it even harder. She began swirling her tongue all over the head of my cock and then run it up and down my shaft. I watched her gorgeous big bubble ass sway left and right as she sucked my cock. We were both horny as hell, and I wanted to fuck her brains out. After the suck, my half naked roommate got on the bed, turned her gorgeous ass at me, reached behind her back, parted her smooth ass cheeks and let me push my dick inside her warm and trimmed pussy. She was so wet and she only needed my hard dick. I fucked her hard and she started moaning.   She liked it so much and I enjoyed looking at her big ass, as I was fucking her. I watched her ass ripple and shake as I impaled her cunt over and over with my rigid cock. She moaned and pushed her big ass harder against me. I got down and she jumped on my dick. Her ass was bouncing with every thrust. She was going up and down as I observed her tits in front of my face. My naked roommate drove herself hard down onto my throbbing prick and squealed in delight. I grabbed her ass cheeks with both hands and squeezed them hard. I saw her legs starting to shake violently, and I could feel her pussy muscles clamping down on my cock. She was cumming on my cock and pressing her ass into me as I felt myself go over the edge. I was trying to catch my breath, she turned around without taking my cock out of her cunt. She leaned forward so that her ass was higher up in the air and started to twerk her ass. Her ass looked so amazing just bouncing up and down. I could feel her cum and see her squirt all over me. She just kept on telling me to keep fucking her harder, that she loved it. It felt so good that I was about to explode. We switched a couple of times, and I pulled myself out to cum all over her. I exploded in her face as she hungrily opened her mouth catching thick stringy streams of my cum. 