This adorable young brunette had her Spanish class in a library when things took an unexpected turn. Her teacher, who was this ravishing MILF with a voluptuous body, big tits, and seductive curves, couldn’t keep her eyes off of the student. At one point, the nubile climbed a ladder, looking for a book, when the teacher stood up and mentioned how this young hottie should try out doing something naughty with a mature lady if things don’t work out with her boyfriend. She stood up, lifted nubile’s loose, red dress, and moved it to the side, only to discover her student wasn’t wearing any panties on. That was more than enough to get them going and, just moments later, the student was now on the table while the lesbian teacher was fondling her firm ass, spreading those cheeks, using her tongue to lick that tight asshole and watch that pussy getting dripping wet. Both babes were softly moaning in pleasure in the middle of the library, losing their minds with horniness but trying to keep it quiet and stealthy. A bit more teasing and that’s when the two swapped places. The MILF sat comfortably in the chair and spread her legs while her young student went on the knees in front. She buried her face deep between those long, slim legs and started slobbering all over her teacher’s wet, trimmed snatch. The teen sucked her teacher’s hard clit between her lips and lashed it with her tongue while her fingers caressed the wet opening. Just as they were getting really into it, the student’s boyfriend came along, catching the girls in the act. At first, he was infuriated that his girlfriend was cheating on him, even if it was with another girl.   However, the experienced mommy quickly took control over the situation and invited the guy over for a threesome. Just seconds later, he was between two breathtaking brunettes, keeping quiet as they stripped him naked. Then, just like that, his girlfriend dropped down on her knees and started sucking him off while the teacher watched. Hungry for that throbbing boner, the teacher switched places with her pupil, laid the guy on the table, and started giving him one of the best and sloppiest blowjobs of his life. The guy was in heaven, having his big cock deepthroated by a Latina MILF, while his girlfriend fingered her wet pussy. Squeezing his scrotum and rolling it round and round the horny MILF fucked her throat with the shaft. She told the girl to lie down on the table and spread her legs. The boy was told to fuck the shit out of his girlfriend. The teacher patiently waited her turn, kissing and caressing her young student before they finally switched. She was screaming in pleasure with a young boner ravaging her cunt. She had never came like that. Having sex with two teens was something special. She had already had an orgasm even before they started spicing things up and trying out different positions. From missionary into a cowgirl, the sexy naked woman wouldn’t stop screaming in multiple orgasms. Every now and then, he’d pull out to enjoy a wet double blowjob, only to continue hammering them both before finally reaching his limits and exploding with loads of thick cum. These girls know nothing about sex, but that’s okay, since these experienced Milfs are ready to get down and dirty with them, sucking cock, fucking and enjoying hot lesbian action!