Lisa is a cute schoolgirl who is very good at school. One day, she came to her classmates’ house to help them with the upcoming exam. Stephan and Nikki are brother and sister, and they are wealthy. When the girl came to their house, she asked the gardener where is the entrance, and he warned her that she shouldn’t get inside that house and to be in there with THEM. However, at that very moment, Stephan came and took a nerd inside. The gardener could do nothing more but look guiltily away as he closed the door behind them. When they started talking about the lectures, Stephan said he’d like to study biology, a woman’s anatomy! His sister said that they could learn about the female anatomy in more fun ways than by reading about it. Lisa was aware that those things have nothing to do with the exam. Right from the beginning, Stephan started talking about pussy and how to make a woman cum “You just gotta fingerbang her ass a bit while you’re eating her out”. The girl was uncomfortable, but tried to play it cool. ‘I REALLY should be going,’ Lisa said as she clutched her laptop. ‘You’re free to go…’ Nikki said sweetly. ‘Of course, now we’re going to tell everyone what a whore you are. You came over here purely to seduce us, you sicko.’ Lisa was horrified, exclaiming that they couldn’t spread such lies about her. Nikki continued, saying, who were people going to believe? Them or Lisa? Lisa is a NOBODY at school. They will use all their influence to make her a liar and kick her out of the school. Lisa started crying and told them that she was still a virgin, but Stephan and Nikki didn’t care. Stephan took out his cock, and Nikki forced the shy schoolgirl to open her mouth and put it in. When the girl tried to suck his cock for the first time in her life, his slutty sister pulled down her panties, stood next to them and pushed her cunt into the girl’s face, making her suck her cumt too. The girl sucked his cock and her cunt. Then the virgin schoolgirl had to lay on her back and let Stephan fuck her. While he was banding her, Nikki got fully naked. She then ordered Lisa to step aside and watch her riding her brother’s cock. Once Nikki was done with cock-riding, she made a place for Lisa to fuck again. This time, she didn’t fucked Stephan solely because she was ordered to, but because she wanted to. That day, she lost her virginity and became a slut. Good to excellent MFF episode. A beautifully shot, captured, edited, and acted scene. 