This babe has been living with her husband for a while now and she hadn’t seen her sister in a long time. She invited her over for a weekend to spend some time with her. Things got off to a rough start when he walked in on her masturbating in the shower! She was lathering soap all over her body, she was playing with her tits and her hands were touching her shaved pussy. Her sister’s husband didn’t know she was in the bathroom, so he entered it and saw his sister-in-law all naked, pleasing herself. Shocked, he dropped his towel to reveal his cock, and the girl got scared and pulled the shower curtain. She liked the size of his cock but he immediately rushed out. He couldn’t stop thinking about her and her big tits. She lied to her sister about what happened with the curtain and offered to do the laundry as an apology. She was putting the clothes in the machine and she got a little detergent on her shirt, so she took it off and put it in the washing machine, leaving her topless. Her jeans were really tight, so she unzipped them, to reveal her ass and pussy. She had that sexy back zipper jeans. The brother-in-law was spying on her behind the door and couldn’t resist that ASS. He sneaked up on her and pushed his finger right inside her asshole! The blonde loved it and she got up as he grabbed her big tits. They were so horny, so she unzipped his pants and took his cock out. It was so hard and ready for her lustful mouth. She got on her knees and started blowing it like a hungry whore. Her sister came to the laundry room to check on her sister. She was confused that her husband was doing the laundry. He covered the sister with a towel and managed to talk to his wife, while her sister kept blowing him. She finally left. She was so horny, gripping the base with her hands, pumping as she fucked his cock with her mouth, over and over.    The blonde was burning and wanted that dick inside her immediately. Naked woman leaned over the machine and the hubby licked her pussy a little, before he pushed his hard cock inside it. He went hardcore straight away and her pussy loved it. His balls were smashing into her with each thrust. He was nailing her hard and he wanted to taste her ass as well. He bent her over in front of the washer, took the dick out of her wet cunt and pushed inside the asshole. His shaft penetrated her ass repeatedly, filling her depths almost beyond what she could handle. He got on the floor and the wife’s naked sister got over him, jumping onto his cock. The slut was unstoppable and he switched his cock from her anus to her pussy. The bitch cried in orgasm as he fucked her ass hardcore. His wife had never let him have anal with her but her crazy sister impaled her ass on his dick getting herself off. He was nailing her deep and hard while her sister was in the other room, ignorant of what was happening in the laundry room. The cheating couple was getting close to cumming, so the husband pulled out his dick and unloaded all his jizz in the slut’s mouth and she swallowed all of it. 