Kimmy is the cutest, the sexiest, and the sluttiest girl I have ever met. We recently started living together, and we enjoy it very much, especially weekends when we do nothing but chilling and fucking. One Saturday, she started stroking my cock and saying something in her sleep. When I woke her up, she didn’t believe me, but we were both horny anyway. She gave me a nice morning blowjob to start the day, after which she did some stretching and exercise in the room fully naked. Even though I just came, while watching her doing rope, I got so horny again. She suggested that we eat breakfast in our backyard, so we grabbed some food and went for a little picnic. However, as you can imagine, before even grabbing a bite, she was sucking my cock again. At one point, while she was doing it, our neighbor said hi to us over the fence. She covered her face with a sheet, although by the position of our bodies, it was obvious what she was doing. However, our neighbor didn’t seem to get it. When he asked us what are we up to, Kimmy took a banana and told him that we were having a picnic. She then got back to my cock and put it in her mouth along with the banana. I couldn’t believe how crazy and nasty she was, and I couldn’t believe that she could spread her mouth that wide. She was even eating the banana and sucking my cock before she even swallowed the food. She was super nasty, but that is only one of the many reasons why I like her. Anyway, once we had our little fun outside and our neighbor went, we wanted to move to the real thing, so we came back to our bedroom. As soon as we got in, I sat on a bed, and she sat on my cock. The sexiest girl in the world was riding my cock like a nasty cowgirl while I was watching her gorgeous perfectly-shaped ass. We were both fully naked, and the way she rode my dick could only be described as art. After the cowgirl, we switched to the doggy style pose and moved to the couch. I adored banging her from behind, especially when she bent her legs and put her cute little feet on my thighs. After that, she lay on her back so I could fuck her in a missionary pose, and while I was doing it, she was rubbing her wet beautiful pussy. She was so horny that I couldn’t longer resist without cuming. I came all over her face, and she opened her mouth and stuck her tongue out like a pornstar. 