Apparently, my cute little stepsister was misbehaving in school and the dad found out. I happened to walk in on them in the middle of a heated argument and that’s when he put me in charge of her. She was not supposed to leave the house at any cost and it was my duty to enforce that rule. That’s precisely how I found myself babysitting a lovely brunette hottie on a Friday night when both of us could’ve been doing something way more exciting. She was the first one to bring that up, mentioning how both of us could go out with our friends, then return back at the same time and claim we never even left. However, I had something else on my mind and so I decided to try and take advantage of the situation. I was prepared to let her go to that concert she wanted under the condition of her fucking me. At first, there was an outrage. My stepsis didn’t even want to hear about it and was about to storm off. But, a couple of moments later, the reality kicked in and she figured out she could walk free after doing this thing for me. That’s how I ended up comfortably sitting in my chair with my stepsis pulling my pants down and placing her luscious lips on my fat cock. There was nothing shy about the way she acted and, seconds later, she was passionately slobbering all over my throbbing schlong, making it harder and more slippery with every motion.   Soon enough, she was gagging and choking while trying to deepthroat my member and her face was all messy from spit and precum spilling over. All that vigorous dick sucking was just a warmup as we were both getting ready for something much naughtier. I could tell my skinny stepsis wasn’t going to wait any longer when she stood up, dropped her pink panties, turned around, and sat on my cock in a reverse cowgirl. She was so wet and I was so hard that her pussy immediately slid balls deep and the hottie started riding me while moaning in pleasure. I felt stretching her tight insides as her voice kept getting louder. Soon enough, she was screaming in pleasure as I relentlessly hammered her from underneath. My sexy naked sister assumed an “all fours” position, and stuck her ass up, preparing for another fuck. Yes her tight pussy felt wonderful and the way she pushed her cute little ass back at me, her hand playing with my balls, pushed me more inside him. We took turns having control. At one moment she’d ride me, and the next I’d hold her firmly, impaling her on my thick rod. Then, after another sloppy and sensual blowjob where she had a taste of her juices on my veiny meat, she ended up on the floor. Kneeling on all fours, I took her from behind once more, this time in a doggy style position. Without hesitation, I continued pounding harder than ever, making her lose her mind in pleasure. There was no stopping us anymore as we were bent on trying every position imaginable. From cowgirl to missionary, I railed my stepsis long and hardcore before finally emptying my balls inside her cherry.