Teen got pregnant after sex with her step father and his boss at his office. The boss was first who fucked her hard on the table, and her stepdad could hear the sound of them having sex. He fucked her hard and came in her pussy, and when they were done, her stepdad got back to the office. His boss was getting dressed, while his naked stepdaughter still lay on the table, cum leaking out of her teen cunt. The boss got dressed and left, and the girl was left alone with her stepdad. He told her to get dressed, but she provoked him to fuck her too. Since he already did a horrible thing, and his stepdaughter was such a slut, he fucked her on the table too. Just like his boss, he came in her pussy. A few weeks later, the girl realized she was pregnant but didn’t know whether she was carrying the child of her stepdad or his boss. After she was looking up articles on what to do when you find out you’re pregnant through a search engine she decided to speak with her mom. She told her all about what had happened that day, how Frank bargained for his job back by whoring out her to his boss, how he got fired, anyways, and then how he hate-fucked her afterwards. Mom was livid! She started screaming and arguing, feeling betrayed, sad, and angry. She was calling her daughter a whore, and asking Frank how he could do all that to her. With her own daughter! Frankly, this is better writing, acting and directing than the last three Hollywood movies I paid to see at the theater.   Mom stormed off to the bedroom and Frank followed her to try to calm her down. Her stepmom confronted her husband about him having sex with her daughter, but he told her that it was all her fault, and it ended up with them having sex in a bedroom. After erotic make-up sex he brought her to orgasm. After that Frank said he should go speak to their daughter and try to resolve things between all of them. She agreed that’s a good idea. He went to his stepdaughter’s room and told her that he spoke with her mom and that everything is fine now. However, he made her think that he told her mom that everything was his fault, and then he confessed to her that he is in love with her. She got horny again, and he saw it, so only a few minutes later, she was lying on a bed with his body on her and his tongue in her pussy. Lots of kissing. Lots of fingering and cunnilingus brought the teen girl to multiple climaxes. Old pervert put his mouth to her young pussy to suck her cum from her. Then he grabbed his cock and pushed it into her waiting pussy like a madman. She looked up at him as he pounded his dick into her. Her tight pussy felt too good. She could feel his cock filling her, stretching her open. Lots of full body contact during sex. His naked stepdaughter then sat on his face and began to grind herself into his face. He was banging her rough and hard until her mom got inside and saw her daughter fucking with her husband. She was faced the door with her legs spread so her mother walked in and the first thing saw was the cum running out of her daughter’s pussy.