A beautiful teen girl and her older stepbrother were left alone one weekend since their parents went out of town. Since the girl is still a teenager, her mom doesn’t allow her to stay up late, and that was supposed to be the rule. However, she stayed awake watching TV even after her bedtime. Her stepbrother had been left in charge of everything, including his step sister. He sent her to her room, however, she sneaked back to the living room and then went to the kitchen to grab something to eat. Unfortunately for her, she dropped something, and while she was on the floor trying to pick it up, her older brother saw her, this time with her ass arched and divided with her cute little thongs. He wanted to call her mom, but she begged him not to do it. While she was begging him on her knees, he couldn’t get the sight of her cute little ass out of his mind. He slowlly pulled her panties to the side, revealing her pink pussy. His sister arched back again, and he started touching her pussy and licking her ass hole at the same time. He teased her wet slit with his mouth, running his tongue up and down, over and over. She took off her T-shirt and panties and sat on the kitchen table, wearing nothing but white stockings. He licked her hairy pussy, after which she spat on his cock and sucked it like a naughty girl in her favorite porn. Cute naked girl then straddled him with her pussy poised above his big cock. She took hold of his cock and rubbed the tip all over her pussy, getting it even wetter. Then she placed the tip at the entrance to her pussy and slowly lowered herself onto his dick. As her teen pussy slid down on his cock he could see her pussy lips wrap around his cock as if it was swallowing it. His sister rode his dick right on the kitchen floor, after which he fucked her from behind and smashed her pussy on the table. At one point he couldn’t hold back and came. He pulled out at the last moment and covered her pussy with his cum. Some of the cum that was on her pubic hair. He rubbed his cum all over her pussy with his dick then pushed it back into her. He kept fucking the tiny girl in every position. They had so much fun while their parents were away. 