This hot redhead babe had a day off and wanted to go out to have fun. She couldn’t find anyone to go with her, so she went out alone. She went to a pub, and sat by the bar. She was wearing her sexiest dress and high heels. She ordered her drink and saw a hot stranger sitting next to her. He saw her as well, so they started talking and flirting. She was very attractive and had a charming smile. He showed her his police badge and she liked him even more. They finished their drinks and went to her place. Her big tits were just crying out to be licked and caressed. As soon as they entered the flat, they started kissing. They were both so horny so they couldn’t resist each other. He was grabbing her big tits as she was removing her dress. He moved his fingers to her crotch, stroking her pussy through her lace red panties. The feel of her hand against his cock was driving him wild. He sat on the couch, she grabbed his dick out and started giving him a blowjob. The stranger was so enchanted with her and her blowing skills. His dick was throbbing in her mouth. Then the redhead put her arms around his neck and pushed her boobs into his face. He went wild at this point, slobbering all over her amazing big all natural breasts, alternating between sucking on the nipple and washing the whole boob with his tongue. Naked redhead got on the couch and spread her legs. He got down on her and ate her trimmed pussy. She liked it as she was holding her big tits and moaning. She wanted his cock deep inside her, she bit her lower lip and rubbed her wet pussy. He didn’t need to be told twice so he got up between her legs and positioned his hard cock at the entrance to her wet cunt, pushed it in balls deep and started penetrating her fast and hard. She pulled him to her and kissing him, his tongue invading her mouth. Hot naked babe turned around into the doggy style, and he started nailing her from behind. Her big tits were hanging down like udders, her thick ass was in display for him. He pounded balls deep into her, making her amazing tits slap into each other. All her neighbors could hear her scream. He wanted to try out her big tits, so he put his cock between them. They were so big and so soft. She got on top of him for another ride. Hot naked babe was riding his cock and he was getting close to the finish line. He came inside her and she loved the sweet, warm cream inside her cunt. 