Frank had problems at work lately and he was afraid his boss would fire him. One day his teen daughter came into his office and his boss was there. He offered his daughter to the boss, so she would keep the job. The boss didn’t mind to fuck that little slut. Frank went outside and waited behind the door till his boss cum in her stepdaughter. The slutty teen didn’t refuse much and she let the older man nail her. When Frank came back, his boss tucked his cock back into pants, grabbed the cardboard box and pushed it into Frank’s hands. ‘I told you, you’re fired.’ He said. ‘Just because you sell out your daughter, doesn’t mean you have a job.’ He took his anger out on his stepdaughter, who was lying fully naked on his desk with cum leaking out of her pussy. He came in her as well. After two steamy fucks with her dad and his boss, the girl realized she was pregnant. She was scared, it was hard but she told her mom all about what happened that day. Her mom got furious and she got mad at her and at her husband. When he got home, they had a fight. Mom was livid, though wasn’t on her daughter’s side. Ever since she had turned eighteen she had been acting like a complete slut. Frank was trying to convince it was her idea. Mom had seen how her daughter dressed, how she behaved around men. Frank did everything to make her believe that it was her fault. She just wanted to be a family again, she didn’t want him to go. He was kissing her body and removing her clothes gently. She was reluctant at first, but as soon as he started eating her pussy, she started to cool off. Frank wanted to do anything to have his wife stay with him, so he went for her ass as well. The wife was enjoying it so much, and her anger disappeared. She wanted his cock inside her, so he entered her wet pussy and started penetrating her. There is nothing better than intense make-up sex after a fight. His beautiful naked wife got on top of him to ride his stick. She didn’t care that he cheated on her with her daughter. When they were finished, Frank was feeling bad so he went to the daughter’s room to have a conversation with her.  