My girlfriend is a very sexy Latina and she makes me horny every time I see her. I like to follow her around the house and just look at her. She has the most perfect body and I like to observe it all the time. She is so sexy when she does her chores. And when she wears her sexy outfit, it drives me crazy. She is sweeping the floor in her laced bodysuit and high heels. She is teasing me as she knows how much she makes me horny. I want to fuck her so much, so I go behind her as she cleans. I take her to the dining room and finally take my dick out. I sit on the chair as she goes down on me. She puts my dick into her mouth and she starts sucking me. She is the best at blowing and she loves to suck my balls, while stroking my cock. She tongues the shaft and her mouth all over my cock and balls. She even sucks both balls into her mouth at the same time! My dick is so hard and she wants it inside her. She turns around and puts it into her cunt. She is rubbing herself on my prick like a cat in heat. I am watching her big ass move in front of me, as she goes up and down my dick. Her ass is so big and I love it the most. I like it when she roll her big bubble ass in a figure eight, milking my rod with her hot wet and glove tight pussy. Now she is twerking her amazing ass on my hard cock. She has concentrated on twerking her booty, knowing that my eyes are locked watching her impressive ass cheeks bounce around and clap together. She knows how to ride my big cock and she gives me the best satisfaction. Even when she does the dishes, I can’t take my eyes off of her ass.   I can’t control myself anytime I see her. All her clothes are so tight and all her curves are arousing me badly. She loves it when I talk dirty to her, so she removes her shorts and flashes her ass at me, while she continues washing the plates. I get my dick out and push it from behind. She is still doing her chore while taking a ride on my dick. This girl is so amazing and she always wants to fuck. I go harder and she becomes very wet. I grab her and hold her as I penetrate that cunt. She is moaning as I nail her hard. She gets down and I unload my jizz inside her mouth. We go out to the balcony, and I still want more of her. She is putting her hands over her tits and inviting me to get her. I get her against the fence, and push myself inside her. I am doing her so hard and we don’t care if the whole neighborhood can see us. We move to the living room and I get on the couch, as my Latina girl gets on top of me. She is up for another ride and I don’t object. She starts jumping up and down on my cock with a fast pace that is making her tits bounce everywhere. She is going back and forth and my dick is getting close to exploding. I wait for her to cum, so I can eject my juice as well. I pull myself out and sprinkle her big ass with my white cream.