I had the best maid in the world. I needed house cleaning, so I got this sexy Latina to come over to my house. As soon as I saw her, my dick was eager to meet her. I watched her clean the floors, and my dick was only rising. She was so hot, but she was slutty as well. She came closer to me and started playing with her body. She flashed her huge tits at me and she played with them. I loved what I saw and she only continued to tease me. She removed her hot pants and revealed her shaved pussy and a plug-in her asshole. She bent forward and began twerking. Her ass looked fantastic! My dick was getting wild and I had to let it loose. I told her to bend over the couch and remove her tight denim shorts. She got there and I got my dick out. It was so hard and ready to nail that slut. I pushed it right inside her ass. She reached back and grabbing her ass, spread her cheeks wide open for me. I pulled out and pushed my cock back into her ass, again and again, it felt fucking amazing! I wanted her to suck it, so I had her on her knees and pushed it inside her mouth. Crazy slut was so hungry and she ate it so lustfully. She hold my cock with one hand, my balls with the other, running her tongue and lips all over my balls, first, and then licking up the side of my cock. She wanted me to nail her pussy so she got on the couch and lifted her legs. I entered her cunt and started doing her hardcore. As I was fucking her, she was fingering her asshole. This slut got me crazy horny. She was on her back and I deepthroated her. She was a true slut and she loved it so much. I got her on top of me and in one fast motion, she sat down fully on me and impaled her ass on my cock. Her anus started to contract around me as the orgasm rocked her body. I felt her asshole clench and unclench around my cock causing me to cum very quickly inside her ass. I was going hard and finally came inside. She wanted me to cum in her pussy as well. I filled her cunt with my white thick rich cum to the point were it started to squish out. Now both her holes were dripping with cum. She grabbed my dick and kept sucking it, making me hard again. Oh yes, she wanted me to completely destroy her asshole. She rode me till she brought herself to a squirting orgasm! Her fat pussy shot several streams of cum into the air. 