Guy was taking a shower and listening to his favorite broadcast when his girlfriend entered the bathroom. She didn’t like what he was listening to. A man was talking about women who are obsessed with online validation. She turned it off, looking somehow angry at him. He tried to convince her that she was an exception. He didn’t want to start an argument, he smiled and hugged her quickly. He started kissing her neck, her leps and her tits. He just got out of the shower and she became horny. His hands were all over her body, caressing her ass and her tits. She turned around and hiked her dress up to expose her naked ass. She always loves it when he buries his face between her ass cheeks and shoves his tongue up her ass. His girlfriend was so hot and he had a hard time controlling himself. He removed his towel, she got on her knees and started blowing his dick. He loved it so much as she always knew hot to give a good blow. She put his dick between her big tits. He loved that so much, so he kept playing with his dick between them. Her boobs were the best and they made his cock so hard. The girl turned her back and spread her legs, inviting him to get inside her. He put his dick inside her hairy cunt and started fucking her. He was doing her hard as she moaned, while he grabbed her tits. He loves her big tits and he loves to grab them and kiss them, feel her nipples between his fingers, then squeeze both of them with great force. He wanted to get down on her, so she opened her legs and he could start eating her. His tongue felt so good and she was moaning loudly. He kissed around her pussy and ran his tongue from the bottom of her pussy lips to her clit, parting her lips with his tongue as he went. Her pussy was leaking like a faucet and he could see and feel her pussy contracting in the spasms, so he just went with it and licked her clit faster and faster until she started screaming.  His girlfriend wanted that cock inside her again. He was so close to cumming and he started going wild. He was destroying her cunt, before he came all over her body. Her tits and pussy was covered with white cream and they went for another shower. 