Her name was Autumn, and she was a 20-year-old girl of Indonesian origin. She had a beautiful face and a slim body, with amazing big natural tits, which is really a rarity. I contacted her, and she invited me to her apartment. Once I got there, she was waiting for me in her underwear. We got onto the bed, and since she wanted to tease me a little bit first, she lay on her back in front of me. She lift her massive tits from her bra and took off her panties. The sexiest girl I’ve ever seen in my life spread her legs wide open so I could clearly see her pink wet slit. She started playing with her pussy and ran her free hand along the smooth expanse of her stomach and over her tits. The teen babe was so horny and eager to be fucked. I was stroking my cock while I was watching her, she took it and put it in her pussy. I savored the feeling of her warm wetness. She was so wet. She was so warm. She was so tight. I couldn’t help but stare down at her body, at her jiggling breasts at her black triangle of pubic hair down there. She had the most beautiful breast I’ve ever seen. They were big and soft, spectacular. After I fucked her a little bit, I lay on my back, and she started sucking my cock. She kissed my balls, then sucked my dick, then licked my balls again. The babe was gagging on my dick so hard and stuck it down her throat, making such a mess with her spit. It was so exciting watching such a beautiful girl degrading herself and doing so nasty and slutty things. She wasted no time and started fucking my cock with her massive boobs. Taking her tits she wrapped them around my cock and began working it between them. After she gave me a blowjob, she sat on my dick facing me. She held herself impaled on my cock, moving her body up and down as she swung her hips methodically backward and forward; she felt hot and wet and confident on my dick. Within a few minutes, she was grunting loudly again, pushing her pussy hard against my dick.   Busty babe moaned and lifted herself up, stopping with only the tip of my cock still inside of her, then pushed down on him again, impaling herself on the thick length of my member. Up and down she went, her pussy riding my dick, massive tits bouncing as she did. It was so good for both of us while she was jumping on my cock, and her big tits were bouncing up and down. Rocking her hips wildly now, screaming again as she came. Since I realized that I was close to cum and wanted it to last some more, I told her to get off. I started rubbing her pussy, bringing her to a squirting orgasm. She was so hot that she just couldn’t stop cumming. I had never seen anything like that before. It was all wet and her whole swollen glistening pussy was spread out. I pushed my dick into her squirting pussy in a missionary pose, and just after a few strokes I came on her pussy. I squeezed the cum out of my throbbing cock onto her hairy pussy and rubbed it all over her with my cock. After which I leaned back in a chair, and she gave me a nice titjob. Having my cock squeezed from both sides with her beautiful, soft natural tits made me hard again. After that, I wanted to fuck her in the doggy style, and while I was doing it, she spanked her big bubble butt. She was so horny and wanted to be fucked and treated so rough and hardcore. Her tits jiggled wildly. I spanked her too and made her big round ass red, and it was so good that I wanted it to last forever. Unfortunately, I got so turned on that I had to cum, so I told her to kneel in front of me and lick my balls until I shot my load over her face and her tits. The entire surface of her massive tits were drenched in my cum.