Kendra is a very clumsy girl. She really wants to make her house sparkle, but she just isn’t good at it. She always makes a mess. This morning she decided to clean the house, but it didn’t go very well. She was in the kitchen, trying to do the dishes. She even had the gloves on, but she managed to sprinkle herself. The water got on her shirt, and her big tits and nipples were visible through it. She didn’t mind it, so she continued with her chores. She wanted to clean the cat’s playground, but her big ass couldn’t fit there and she got stuck. She was trying to get free, but she just wasn’t able to. Luckily, her roommate was at home, so she called him for help. He saw her stuck and the view of her giant tits hanging and her round delicious ass wiggling made him very horny. He had wanted her for a long time and he finally had the chance to fuck her. He couldn’t resist her, so ripped her panties and started eating her pussy. Holding her big ass cheeks wide open with his hands, he wormed his tongue into her asshole too. Then he got up and got his dick out. He approached the stuck girl and pushed his cock right inside her mouth. He was pushing in deep as she drooled. Foamy bubbles formed around her mouth as she continued to suck his cock with a purpose. He wanted her so much, so he managed to release her. She took off her panties and got on the couch. She spread her legs and revealed her pussy. She had trimmed it and had only left a triangle of pubic hair above her slit. Her pussy lips were slightly parted and the inner lips protruded a little and he could see the pink lips already visibly swollen before he even touched her pussy. The roommate got down on her again, licking that wet cunt like a bee seeking nectar.   It felt so good and she took her tits out and squeezed them hard. The babe was so wet and she wanted that dick inside her. He sat on the couch and the busty naked girl sat on top of him. She started riding her roommate and she moaned as she got his dick in and out of her lustful pussy. The only thing on her mind was that big cock. She loved the feeling of his balls slapping her ass. Naked girl got in the doggy style, tits hanging down and arse sticking up in the air. The roomie got behind her. He slammed himself forward and held himself against her big ass. He started nailing her like that, and she was moaning louder. Her big tits swinging in time with his strokes. She felt something so good as he was doing her. She gave him another sloppy head before she got on top of him. He was so horny and he could do her all day. He was thinking about how lucky he was because he had Kendra as a roommate. They were switching so many positions and they couldn’t stop shagging. He got her under him, as he was penetrating her hard and deep. He wanted her to cum first, so he kept going until she released her warm juices from her destroyed pussy. He pulled himself out and had her blow him some more. He was soon ready to explode, so he got his dick and aimed at her face. He ejected a whole load of jizz into her mouth and she had a big smile on her face.