This ravishing, young hottie with black hair came to me wanting to join the adult industry. She looked so sweet I had to make sure she was of age before bringing her inside. It wasn’t long before she started stripping on my couch. Seconds later, and she wore nothing but a thin thong, twerking those bubbly ass cheeks on my couch. Then, as she turned around, I took a good look at her perky tits with pierced nipples. It wasn’t long before she stripped completely naked, spread those slim legs, and started rubbing her smooth pussy with a sexy landing strip of pubic hair. What a beautiful puffy pussy she had! I couldn’t help squeezing her pussy making a pussy lip burger. We continued the fun in the bedroom where this cutie went on all fours, jiggling and teasing as I approached her from behind with a vibrator. The moment that toy touched her pussy she started moaning in pleasure. I couldn’t resist and so I buried my face between her legs and started licking her all over. She had a very tidy pussy and a lovely asshole. I liked that her inner lips didn’t pop out like some weird flower. I licked her pussy slit up and down then tickled her asshole with the tip of my tongue. After sweet oral foreplay this nubile was already on her back and spreading legs. I rubbed my cockhead between her pussy lips. She desperately wanted to feel me inside her. I slowly entered her, and savored the feeling of filling her up. I began pounding her balls deep. Her pussy felt amazing. My raging boner was effortlessly going in and out of her tight but dripping wet pussy as she begged for more. Then, just as I pulled out, she leaned forward, took my member with her luscious lips, and went on to give me the sloppiest blowjob ever. After that, we even attempted anal as I couldn’t resist trying to fit my schlong in that tiny asshole, but she was too tight so we left that for another day, and I proceeded to ravage her snatch doggy style. Her ass cheeks were perfectly round and firm and spankable. My hands wrap around her waist and I pounded myself against her big bubble butt. Naked girl ended up in the position upside down with her pussy and ass high in the air as I continued fucking her pussy. She was incredibly flexible. I was standing over her face and she could see her own pussy and my balls hanging over her face and spanking her clit. At one point, I asked her if she wanted a facial or a creampie. She went for the second option so I railed her and filled that pussy up. 