My roommate had a girlfriend who was the cutest girl I have ever seen. From the moment I met her, there was something in the air between us. It was probably the fact that she was a cheater and that, unlike my friend, she likes being bad and adores doing things that are wrong and immoral. I saw that in her, and she probably saw that in me too, because, in the end, it was me who had sex with my roommate’s girlfriend. One day we went for a drink outside. We talked and got to the point that we want to fuck. We couldn’t go to her place because of her roommate, so we went to mine and her boyfriend’s flat. Once we got there, she lay on a bed, and I started playing with her beautiful, trimmed pussy. Once I got her wet, I even stuck my finger in her cute ass hole while she was holding her adorable bare feet high up in the air. She pulled down her dress a little bit so she could squeeze her gorgeous tits. She could do a pose with her legs behind her head, that was a stunning sight and became an easy way to access her pussy and her asshole. However, we suddenly heard my roommate coming home. She hid in a closet right before her boyfriend came into my room. He wanted to talk to me precisely about his girlfriend and confessed that he thinks she is cheating on him. He asked me whether I would tell him if I knew something. I said yes, and it was so wrong of me. Once he went to his room, I opened the closet to tell his girlfriend to sneak out of the apartment. However, she didn’t want to.   She was so slutty that she didn’t even put her panties back on, nor put her tits back under her dress while she was in the closet. She told me that she would break up with him anyway and begged me to fuck her while he was in another room. Since I already conceded a sin, I decided to make the most of it, at least. Moreover, she promised that she would let me fuck her in the ass. I let her kneel in front of me and suck my cock. She was sucking it like it was the only thing she ever wanted to do. I adored the fact that she had the face of an angel and behaved so slutty and filthy. I fucked her hard on a bed in both missionary and doggy style positions, after which I decided to move it to the next level and bang her cute little ass. She tried to hold her moans as much as she could as my cock in her ass forced fucked her, stretching her unused anus to accept its girth. Too bad her boyfriend can’t meet her sexual needs. I banged her butt hole hard, after which she sat on my dick and rode it like a cowgirl. She was doing it with her pussy first, but then she switched to the ass again. She squirmed as she had one orgasm after another. I came all over her face and made her so messy from my cum. She took a picture of it with her cell phone and went to break up with her boyfriend.