Let me tell you, it doesn’t get much better than having four breathtaking babes in front of you, fighting which one will get to play with your big, hard cock. Right off the bat, one lavish brunette took the initiative, clasped her luscious lips on my veiny shaft, and started sucking me off like a professional. Just seconds later, she turned from erotic sucking to hardcore deepthroating and that’s when the redhead, who couldn’t endure waiting anymore, had to jump in and switch places with her. The other two babes were making out in the background and I didn’t know what was hotter. That’s when the two of them came closer, wanting some of this raging boner and the redhead fed it to them like a kinky slut that she was. One after the other, the girls both continued slobbering all over my rod and balls, and, from there on out, all four of them were switching places, doing their best to give me the best blowjob of my life. However, that was just the beginning as it wasn’t long before the girls started stripping and getting ready to ride me. The naked redhead was the first one to turn around and sit on me in a reverse cowgirl and, to my surprise, she put my cock right inside her tight asshole! I watched in awe as her asshole stretched around my dick. The slut jerked her ass up and down on my shaft with quick, precise movements. She switched from anal to taking it in her dripping wet pussy before leaving for her brunette friend to take over. I was about to live out my most desired fantasy, to pull my cock from one girl and run it into another one. Just like the redhead, this one was also looking to stretch her tight asshole and rode me relentlessly. The others were rubbing her clit, patiently waiting for their turn. One of the anal sluts pushed her ass to my face, all the girls stretched her asshole open with their fingers, I helped them with my cock. There were four fingers and my dick in the slut’s ass! One after the other, I pounded all those bubbly asses, making all of those naked girls squirt and scream in pleasure before plastering them with hot cum. 