Kimmy lives with her sexy brunette roommate Adria. She was alone in her room, watching lesbian porn. She was having a good time masturbating and she didn’t hear Adria come in. She caught her with a hand on her pussy and she asked her if she was into lesbian porn. Kimmy was a little embarrassed, but she admitted she was. She felt a little uncomfortable getting caught naked, she wanted to put her shirt on, but Adria had a better idea, maybe she could take hers off as instead! A good seduction with a short reluctance story, I like it. Kimmy plead and plead but Adria knew what she wanted, she wanted Kimmy. She teased her and touched her, then kissed her. Adria’s hand touched her Kimmy’s pussy and she rubbed her fingers over her slit through her panties. Her horny roommate took off her top and revealed her tits. When Adria stuck two fingers in her moist pussy Kimmy couldn’t longer control herself. She quickly took off her panties, spread her legs and let Adria lick it. kiss it, suck it. It was wet and warm. Adria was devouring her beautiful pussy, her lips and tongue were magic at her pussy. Her body began to tremble and shake. Then Adria sat on her face and Kimmy started pleasing her with her tongue. She was licking and kissing her as she played with her own pussy. She was fingering herself, as she had Adria on her face. Then two naked girls started scissoring, their wet pussies rubbing against each other. Adria was licking her foot and grabbing her tits as she rubbed against her pussy. Two teen lesbians were both moaning as they loved their pussies kissing each other. Adria got down and Kimmy wanted to lick her ass. She was eating her out as the brunette moaned. She had some great eating skills and Adria was very happy. She wanted to return the favor, so she got down on her new lover. The girls were both kissing as they went for another scissoring session. They both came at the same time and the juices got all over the bed. These two babes are absolutely gorgeous. The pussy eating and ass licking are over the top. The chemistry shared by the girls was palpable, and the sex, outstanding. 