The other day I called the maid service, expecting them to send me my usual maid. However, instead of her, they sent me her 18 year old daughter. Her name is Kylie, and she still goes to school. She came to my house wearing tiny shorts and an even more tiny tank top. My usual maid is already used to my requests, I mean I ask her to clean my house fully naked while I’m jerking off. I had no idea how her teen daughter would react. When I asked her to clean my house in her underwear, she was first confused. When I offered her a hundred dollars she agreed. After that, I offered her another hundred to clean without her bra, and then another hundred to clean without her panties too. She agreed to all of that. While she was washing the dishes fully naked, I took out my cock and started stroking it. When she turned around, I offered her another 400 dollars just to give me a handjob. It didn’t take much before the cute naked girl kneeled in front of me and had my dick in her hand. And then, voluntarily, she asked me if she can suck my cock. Of course, I said yes. She put my dick in her pretty little mouth and gave me a blowjob of a lifetime. She was licking my balls too and enjoyed being such a nasty girl. When my dick was really hard, she stood up, turned her tight little butt to me and sat on my dick and began riding it. Her ass was flawless. Watching her ass slide up and down my cock was something amazing! After that, I banged her on the kitchen counter from behind while pulling her hair. The urge to go hard overcame me. I fucked my naked maid all over my kitchen. Stretching her tight little pussy with every stroke, making her beg for my cum. Young naked girl was fucking like a pornstar, and I fucked her like I never fucked anyone before. I then lay on the kitchen floor, and she sat on my dick so that she could ride it again. She was riding it until I told her to kneel and open her mouth for my cum to get in. Finally a busted all over her face bringing a smile to her face. 