Sexy brunette MILF was driving to pick up her friend’s teenage son after his soccer practice. His mom asked her to pick him up. He got in her car and immediately saw her amazing breasts. The MILF wore a sexy bodysuit that revealed her big cleavage. He has never seen such big tits before. He was secretly looking at them as she drove them home. His young dick rose immediately and he couldn’t contain himself on the way home. They finally arrived and they sat in the living room, waiting for his mom’s call. Suddenly her big tits fell out of her top and the boy only got hornier. She got embarrassed, she explained that she had recently enlarged her breasts and was not yet used to the size. She realized he was looking at them and asked him to give them a test run to see if they were good. She got them out and started massaging them with both hands in front of the boy. She was pinching her nipples as the boy watched. She invited him to touch them himself. The boy was really excited, so he approached the MILF and grabbed her big fake tits. His dick was pointing at her and he felt a little embarrassed. The mom saw it and said she wouldn’t let him stay with blue balls! MILF decided to satisfy him before he went home to his mom. She took his cock out and opened her mouth. When her mouth touched right above his cock, he thought he might cum right there. She started blowing the boy’s cock as he sat on the couch. He was very excited as he never had a girl suck him. But this sexy mom was very experienced and she knew how to please him. She was sucking his balls as he enjoyed. She put the dick between her huge tits and the bog grabbed them again.   The MILF wanted that young dick inside her mature cunt, so she began removing her clothes. Now she was standing fully naked in front of him. The boy couldn’t stop stroking himself, while staring at her naked body. She was so beautiful, she was twice his age, she was in her 40’s easily, but her body was like that of a MILF pornstar. Big, round ass and huge bouncing tits. Naked woman got on top of him. His dick was very hard, waiting to taste that pussy. She was shaved and wet. Naked woman kissed him, as she guided his young throbbing cock into her cunt, sinking all the way to the base. She was jumping up and down, and the boy was watching her tits move. She turned around, still riding his cock. He was very happy to have an experienced woman ride his cock. He was so aroused and he could go the whole day. She gave him another great blow, on her knees while he was on the couch. He wanted her to get on the couch to nail her some more. Naked MILF sat and spread her legs, and the boy shoved his cock inside her mature cunt. He was grabbing her tits as he fucked her. She placed one hand over her clitoris to stimulate herself some more. He choked her while nailing her. He was going harder and deeper. She was moaning loudly. They didn’t care if anyone caught them. His balls were full and he kept going to please her. She screamed as she reached her climax. The boy continued and very soon he filled her cunt with his white cream. It was leaking out of her cunt and he felt so relaxed and happy. 