It was a few weekends ago when I drove my car I saw a beautiful girl in a wedding dress in the middle of the road. A bride was running and as soon as she saw me, she waved at me. I stopped my car and she asked me if I could drive her home. She got into my car and told me it was her wedding day, but she realized she didn’t want to marry that guy. He was running after her, so I took her in and drove her home. She invited me in and I soon realized she was really horny. She said she wanted to spend that day in a special way! She approached me. She unzipped my pants to take my dick out! I couldn’t belive it was happening. She was a very beautiful young woman. She looked like a model, she looked incredible in her wedding dress. She started kissing the head of my dick! My dick looked quite large against her face, especially looking down at her like that. What a pretty face she had! The runaway bride was blowing me on her knees. My dick was hard and she was really sexy in her white dress. I wanted to fuck her so badly. She took off the wedding dress and left sexy white lingerie on. She had no panties and she told me she lost them while she was running away. The naked bride got on the table and spread her legs, inviting me to get acquainted with her beautiful pussy. Her pussy had been clean shaved before the wedding. The pink cunt lips were so smooth. I immediately went inside her. Her pussy was really wet and I shoved my dick inside it.   The feeling of my dick in her pussy was incredible! Hot and slick with her juices. Her white stockings were really sexy on her. I was penetrating her as she played with her pussy. She removed her bra and I saw her perfect tits right there in front of me. We moved to the couch and the hot naked bride got on top of me. She was jumping up and down my cock, while moaning. She was wild and she didn’t want to stop. The whole scenario was really crazy as it was only then that I realized I was fucking somebody’s runaway bride. It gave me so much energy and I wanted to make her mine. We were fucking the whole day. We didn’t want to stop. She was stunning and she had a killer body. We fucked in every room in her house. I had her on the bed, on the couch, on the table, everywhere! Her pussy was the most beautiful pussy I had. And she fucked really well. I was nailing her on the table in the bedroom as she placed her hand on her pussy. She was stimulating her clitoris as I penetrated her. She was close to cumming and she didn’t want me to stop. I continue to fuck her until she came. Her pussy was drooling, but I kept going until I could unload. I was getting close, so I took my dick out and let her jerk me off. My balls were ready to get empty, so she opened her mouth and I filled it with my jizz. She swallowed it all, with a smile on her face. 