I met this petite brunette who is very eager to get to know me. We met in my flat and all I wanted was to touch her body. She was wearing an orange top and shorts. I love her small body and she revealed her nice tits. She let me grab them and play with her nipples. She was in the same sexy mood as I was. I like skinny, petite girls with small titties and sensitive nipples! She got on my couch, removed the short and her panties and spread her legs. I looked at her shaved pussy as she teased me. My cock became hard just by looking at this girl. I took off my clothes and she saw my dick in front of her. My cock was the size of her arm. She had never seen such a big cock before. It matched her fantasies and drove her crazy with lust. My cock stood up proudly about 9 inches long and as thick as her wrist with a large tapered head that dripped pre-cum just inches from her cute face. She imagined how that big penis was going to feel in her mouth and her little pussy as she looked up at me, smiling in anticipation. Naked girl immediately started blowing it. And she was really good at it. She was playing with my balls, tasting them as well. I wanted her to suck it like a real whore, and she realized it, so she started going intensively. She wanted it inside her, so she got back on the couch and turned around. I had her in the doggy pose, and my big dick was ready to get inside her tight pussy. Juices were gushing out of her pussy slit and glistened moistly on her lips.   Holding my big cock at the entrance to her pink pussy I pressed the head against her cunt and it slipped into her warm vagina. Using my entire strength I thrust my cock balls deep into her. Her pussy stretched to accommodate my huge girth. I started fucking her hard and deep. Her pussy felt so good, so it wasn’t long before I made her a warm creampie. It was all coming out of her pussy, as I continued to penetrate her. I got on the couch and had her on top of me. I was nailing her like that, and her petite body made me want to get up and hold her. I started going really hard as I held her in my arms. She loved that as well. Petite girl moaned as I fucked her like that. I put her on the floor, with her pussy in the air, so I could fuck her from above in a piledriver. She was making loud sounds as I was doing her. She really loved my cock. I couldn’t stop as she made me really horny and I could fuck her all day long. So I did. We fucked everywhere and we switched so many positions. I loved this teen girl as she would take my huge cock any way I liked. She was up for anything. And she looked straight into my eyes when I fucked her. It turned me on even more. It turned me into a real animal. I loved it the most when I held her in the air and fucked her hard and deep. She was so tiny compared to me, so we were a perfect match for this wild fuck. I made her scream every time she had her orgasms and there were a lot of them. I came inside her a few times and she loved that. We didn’t stop fucking that whole day.