Chelsea and her mom have been alone for most of Chelsea’s life. They are used to living without a man, but they decide to find a man to join their family. They have an open relationship and a kinky one. They share more than just the parent-kid love. Her mom wants to teach her how to enjoy sex and she isn’t satisfied with the sex-ed she gets in school. They are on a hunt on the internet and they chose one guy to try him out. They invited him for lunch to test him. The man didn’t know what he would get into but she as they settled for dinner, he began to suspect that something was amiss with the women. The mom was a true hunter and the daughter followed her lead. Teen slut got under the table to check the man’s dick. He got startled as she attacked him. The mom instructed him to spank the little girl as she had been acting badly at the table. He wanted to leave, but the duo wouldn’t let him. He had to spank the girl and the girls took him to the bedroom. There the mom removed her daughter’s panties so the new daddy could take a look at a young, sweet, wet, pink pussy! Then the girls unzipped his pants and took his dick out. It was big and hard! This kinky family was caught in their web. The girl wanted to try it out immediately, but she first put it in her mouth. She was blowing it as her mom instructed her how to do it. The cock was ready for the young pussy. Naked blonde teen got on top of him and started riding his dick. Her mom was there, she touched her pussy and she was happy to see her daughter riding that big cock. She revealed her tits and the girl started kissing them. Then naked woman spread her legs and had her stepdaughter eat her wet, hairy cunt. The man was nailing the girl from behind as he was looking at the MILF’s huge tits. Mom was hungry for the dick as well, so she got down and he pushed the cock inside her cunt. The girl was thrilled about this threesome and she had so much fun. Mom got into the doggy, and she licked her stepdaughter’s pussy as the new daddy nailed her hard. He fucked both of them and he earned his daddy title after he sprinkled them both with his cum. This is well made porn. The people can actually act. The sex is hot. The stories are very good! 