My stepdaughter is such a little slut. And to make things even harder for me – she looks fucking gorgeous. One time, when my wife was away, she asked me to play truth or dare. I asked her to tell me why she always wears those tiny tank tops around the house, and she told me that it is because she has gorgeous boobs, and they look good on her. She then dared me to touch her boobs, which I did. Her tits were all natural and were jiggling in front of my face like water balloons in slow motion. They were quite simply the most amazing tits I had ever seen. Of course I wanted to take hold of them in my hands. Soon after that, she dared me not to get hard while she sucks my dick. I told her that her mom could come back every second, but she didn’t want to listen. Finally, I cracked and let her give me a blowjob. She was sucking it like a pro, and my dick became hard in her mouth in a second. Then she got fully naked and lay down on the couch! This time she wanted me to put my tip in her, right in her pussy!!! She spread her legs and showed me where I had to put my cock. “Cmon, just do it! Put your cock in me!” I just couldn’t hold back more and shoved it balls deep into her warm wet vagina! Very soon, I was banging her on the couch. I looked up and down, admiring her beauty. Her pussy was trimmed into a triangle shape and her tits were amazing. I fucked her in the doggy style, holding her tits with both hands. Then I let her ride my dick like a cowgirl, watching her tits and ass bounce up and down. I fucked her in a missionary position and came on her tongue. We made an agreement that we won’t tell my wife about this but as soon as my wife came home, the little brat broke the agreement and told her everything. How do I know? Because my wife and her daughter called me for a threesome in the bedroom! The girls were both half naked, and we had an amazing threesome together, during which I fucked my wife in doggy style while she was licking her daughter’s pussy. It was a fantastic experience and the best sex I ever had with anyone. I then started liking my family much more. 