Her husband hardly guesses that the source of his wife good mood after a workout is their neighbor’s big teenage dick! It was a nice day and as usual Lexi wanted to work out by the pool. Once she had caught their neighbor watching her doing the exercise in her tight outfit. Since then her training had become much better. This time he also did not miss the chance to workout with his milfy neighbor. He stopped just to say hello, then quickly approached her and sat right on her. He got his long dick out of his pants and felt it on her face. MILF happily put it into her mouth. It was a big cock and she was eager to blow it. Her tits were bare and his balls were rubbing against them. She was working his shaft with both hands while sucking the head inside her mouth. She deepthroated him so she could reach his balls with her tongue. He placed the dick between her big tits to feel their soft texture. MILF was looking down between her tits as the head of his cock peeking out between them. She caught the head of his swollen cock with her lips and tongue. The brunette turned around and let the stud pull off her outfit. She had a beautiful big ass and it made him go crazy. The naked woman got into the doggy style with her ass high in the air and he pushed his dick inside her warm cunt. It was all wet and ready for his hard dick. He was nailing her from behind as he slapped her ass. She loved that so much. He was pulling her hair as he started fucking her harder.   They took some oil and he poured it onto her sexy body. He steadily pumped his hips back and forth, his pelvis smacking up against her ass cheeks as he penetrated her. That was a workout her husband couldn’t give her. He got down on her mat and his hot naked neighbor sat on top of him. She loved being a cowgirl and she took a nice ride on his cock. He kept adding the oil and her pale body was all shiny and slippery. He was grabbing and spanking her ass as she rode on him in reverse. Hot naked MILF was holding her tits as she was jumping up and down. She turned around, so he had the best view of her round, juicy tits. He was kissing them and sucking her nipples. He loved to squeeze them as he felt her hard nipples between his fingers. Whenever he stroked himself he would imagine his cock sliding between her big tits. He loved titty fucking and he would shoot a bucket of cum fantasizing about fucking his neighbor’s breasts. He was so happy to have this gorgeous naked woman on top of him, screaming his name as she rode his big dick. She loved how his dick felt as she came over and over on his rod. He was then only dreaming of spraying her all over with his white cream. He was fucking her hard and he didn’t want to stop, ever. Her pussy and tits made his dick go wild and able to fuck her the whole morning. He was getting close to finishing, but he wanted her to cum first, so he only kept going harder inside her. The brunette was screaming as she had an intense orgasm. He was still fucking her until she got a warm shower of sperm all over her tits and face.