A guy had a new girlfriend and he wanted to take her home. They had just arrived and his sister was very charmed with the new girl. She started flirting as soon as she laid her eyes on her. Her brother was already jealous as she had stolen his girlfriends before. He told her to keep her hands off of this one. The couple went to the bedroom. He had a gift for her that he wanted her to try out. It was a nice set of black lingerie. His new girlfriend loved it and she started taking off her clothes to get the new set on for him. The horny sister was by the door, watching the girl change. The couple started kissing and the sister went in to tell her bro that his car was being tucked away. He rushed out of the house and she had the girl for herself. She took the girl to her room to seduce her. There she let her try on her expensive high heels with red soles. The lesbian crawled between her parted legs and began kissing her way up from her feet on the inside of each thigh first one side then the other until she reached her pussy. The girl took off the sexy black lingerie and her boyfreind’s naked sister started eating her pussy. She was kissing her all over, her neck, her breasts, her stomach and her pussy! She began biting, licking and sucking on it. The girl was grinding her cunt into her face in return. Naked girls turned around so they could both eat each other in a 69 position. Sister pushed her wet cunt against the girlfreind’s mouth, at the same time licking the wet folds of her pussy. She rocked her hips over her face, riding her tongue as she switch from thrusting her tongue into her hot cunt, to sucking her swollen clit. The girls had hot sex as the poor brother was out of the house. They were rubbing and licking each other, moaning with pleasure. The girls even scissored their legs to rub their pussies together. The girlfriend was really into that lesbian action. They were scissoring as they were getting close to cumming. He wouldn’t go down without a fight, however, and his girlfriend soon found herself going back and forth between them in a sexual game of tug of war. 