It was summer and the time of festivals. Two best friends got to a new town and they had reserved a hostel. The girls arrived and met the landlord, who took them to their room. They unpacked their bags and started taking off their clothes to change into new ones. The naughty landlord left the door open so he could take a look at the girls stripping. After spying on their big boobs and round butts, he came in to tell them the water is shut off. He entered the room as the girls had only their towels on. He asked the girls if they wanted to let him lick their pussies and not pay the rent. The friends were up for it as they wanted to save the money for the festival. They removed the towels and let a pervert sniff their asses. The girls were a little shy, but they soon got horny. Naked girls got on the bed and lifted their legs up, revealing their shaved pussies. The man kept sniffing their pussies and then started eating them, moving from one girl to the other, from one cunt to the other. The girls had shared guys before so it was the perfect arrangement for them. His dick was very hard and he pushed it into the blonde. He started fucking her gently as the other girl was playing with her pussy. He started going harder, thrusting balls deep into her with inhuman speed. He wanted to taste the other pussy as well, so he moved to the brunette to give her a taste of his dick. Her pussy felt so good around his cock, so slick and tight.   The girls were so excited and they wanted more. The busty blonde got up and the man went behind her to fuck her some more. She was kissing her friend as he was nailing her. Her heavy tits were swinging under her. The girls were grabbing each other’s tits and kissing. He was going fast and hard into the blonde from behind. She went down on her friend to please her. She was licking and sucking her cunt. The man got on the bed and let the girls blow his cock together. They began by both licking the tip and kissing with the head of his cock between their lips, then they each ran their tongue down the length of his shaft and to his balls where they nibble and tease gently. They were sucking him, as he was licking the brunette’s cunt. Her pussy and her pink asshole were pulsating in front of his face. He wanted to fuck her again, so she sat on top of him, taking a wild ride on his big cock. The blonde was on her knees, sucking his ball as he fucked her friend. She was really horny and she moved from his dick to her friend’s clit. She was licking her as she was being penetrated. The brunette was moaning as she was getting double pleasure. The busty blonde wanted another ride, so the man obliged. He had the strength to fuck two hot naked girls all day. Blonde was jumping on his cock and its size was perfect for her pussy. He wanted to have them both once more, so he had their backs turned and he fucked their pussies one by one. His balls were so full and he was thinking about unloading everything onto their tits. The girls loved the idea, so as he was getting close to finishing, he took the dick out of the brunette and came all over them.