A gorgeous-looking teen babe wanted to surprise her boyfriend while he was taking a shower one day. She took off all of her clothes and opened the door, but it turned out that, instead of her boyfriend, there was her boyfriend’s brother. He was strong and bold, just the type of men she likes. His dick was so big and thick, she could only imagine what it would feel like stretching her tight pussy. He started calling for his brother, but she put her hand over his mouth and told him to shut up. Naked girl walked under the shower with him and let him soap her gorgeous body. Her breasts were spectacularly large. He was massaging her amazing tits with both hands and she was grinding her naked ass against his hard cock in return. He teased her by softly squeezing her big tits. With his hands all over her tits and his fingers all over her nipples, he spread the white foam all over her perfect body. After he washed her well, she kneeled and started sucking his cock. She was choking on it, like a whore until he told her to get up so that he could fuck her. She lifted one leg into the air and felt him rubbing his cock between the folds of her wet pussy. Sexy blonde teen felt her pussy stretch open to fit the thickness of the head and she felt her pussy close over the head and firmly grip the shaft. He was choking her while he was fucking her and made her feel so slutty and submissive. She’d orgasmed almost continually from the moment his cock entered her. Later, they went out of the shower and fucked on a bathroom floor. He lay on his back, and busty blonde sat on his dick and rode it like a cowgirl with her trimmed pussy. She then gave him a blowjob again and licked his heavy balls. Finally, he put her on a sink and banged her with her foot over his shoulder. He destroyed her pussy better than his brother ever did and made her kneel in front of him and beg for his cum. He shot a massive load all over her filthy face while she kept her mouth open and tried to grab as much cum as possible. 