Two sexy blondes have been living together with their daddy for some time. He works really hard to give them a nice life. The girls love their daddy and they always treat him well for all his hard work and good care. When he comes back home, they love to tease him and put him in a sexy mood. The sexy girls try to get him relaxed, giving him a good view of their bodies. These trim bodies are luscious! They took off their panties to tease him with their pussies. Fully naked they go for a shower. As they are in the tub, kissing and petting each other, they decide to lure the daddy into the bedroom. The naked girls get out of the bath all freshen up and head straight to the bedroom. He accepts the girls’ invitation. The girls are happy to see his cock and both of them go straight for it. They start blowing him, as he relaxes after a hard day. One sucks his balls as he deepthroats the other blonde. To feel two mouths on the cock is a heavenly experience. Two hot naked girl run their tongues up and down either side of his dick, their lips touching as they meet across his hard shaft. Oh man, this might be the hottest pairing I’ve ever seen. Imagine two sexy babes laying all over each other and licking sucking and kissing your cock and balls! The girls took turns mouth fucking his cock, deepthroating, spitting on it, jerking him off fast. Each one helps the other by pushing her head down deeper onto his cock with the hands. His dick is very hard and ready to play. The naked girls start kissing each other, and he gets behind them. He eats out one blonde, as he plays with his cock. He pushes his cock inside her pussy, and grabs the other blonde’s tits as he fucks her. He places his hand on the girl’s pussy and rubs it hard. She almost lost all control of her body, jerking and writhing as she cums.   The daddy gets down as she gets on top of him. She starts riding his big cock, slamming her cunt hard down on his prick, constantly cumming all over him. The other babe massages his balls and her pussy. She wants to get on the daddy’s cock as well. One babe steps aside, so her friend can get her satisfaction. She takes a hard ride on his big cock as well. His balls are slapping against her pussy. Her body is trembling so hard that he has to hold her up so that she won’t fall. She is absolutely beautiful as she cums. He increases his efforts to give her the most intense pounding she has ever had. This daddy really knows how to satisfy his favorite girls. He takes really good care of them. The naked girls switch again for another wild session. The other babe conquers the hard cock once again, letting it nail her hardcore. Her friend grabs her tits and she pets her body while she watches the pair fucking. Both girls are so hungry for his cock and they switch multiple times. The daddy is tireless, he just keeps fucking any pussy that gets on top of him. He wants to sprinkle both girls with his jizz. He takes it out of the blonde and he gives the girls nice facials. Girls are incredibly hot, love the double BJ and cum swapping! I’m a simple man, I see two hot naked girl get fucked hard and I like. Vixen doesn’t stop alluring me! Just when I think it has topped with a superb video, these guys find the very way to surprise me with a better one!