A voluptuous, blonde nurse was running late for work so she was frantically pacing all around the kitchen. On the phone with her superiors, she was going through all the necessary details that could’ve been discussed that way, pretending she was in a car and on her way. However, she was still in the kitchen, getting ready in her scrubs and nowhere near to actually leaving the house. Not only that but her horny boyfriend was there, unable to his girlfriend’s thick curves. He was barely keeping to himself in the beginning but it wasn’t long before he just had to dive in. While the blonde was on her phone, he shoved his hand between her legs and started groping her, making the nurse immediately lose her mind. She managed to break free and head towards the fridge, still lying to her bosses she was in a car. That’s when the boyfriend snuck up to her again, dropped her pants down, and spread those bubbly ass cheeks wide to enjoy the nurse’s tight, little holes. Just a couple of moments later and his cock was out so he grabbed his girlfriend firmly, shoved the boner inside of her already wet pussy, and started ramming her doggy style. The hottie instantly dropped connection and started moaning in pleasure from intense pounding. He grabbed her magnificent breasts from behind. They now hung down and seemed like they were at risk of detaching from her body. Once again, she managed to collect her thoughts, push the guy away, and get back to her phone but, just moments later, the other side hung up, leaving the blonde infuriated. Enraged and with nothing else in mind but a quicky, the curvaceous babe dropped all of her clothes.   Suddenly, there was a pair of massive, natural breasts out as she climbed the kitchen counter for the boyfriend. He jumped right at those huge melons to slobber all over them before stuffing his rock hard dick back inside the chick’s pussy. With nothing but cute, white sneakers on, she was being railed from the front, moaning in pleasure on that kitchen counter. With every passing second, the boyfriend kept going harder and it wasn’t long before he was fucking her brains out, making this chubby beauty scream in pleasure. The harder he went, the more she asked for it and that’s how she turned around and laid on her back, to take that throbbing rod down her throat. He was now drilling her mouth the same way he drilled her pussy and the girlfriend was in heaven. He kept fingering her all the time, switching between fucking her throat and fucking her giant tits. Then, they ended up on the floor where she continued with the sloppiest dick sucking ever. After that, it was another kinky titjob before the nurse finally climbed back on top of her boyfriend’s member for another intense cowgirl ride. Her giant tits were jiggling and shaking in full view. The massive heft of them hung down on the front of her body. This babe probably has the biggest tits in the world. One screaming orgasm after the other, she was in heaven from having her pulsating snatch ravaged and rode the guy with a passion. Shaking and bouncing on his shaft, a quicky turned into a marathon fucking session. 