This classy babe wanted to surprise her black husband for an anniversary so she found a gorgeous young hottie for them both to enjoy. She put on the sexiest, black lingerie, putting that slender figure on full display while gently teasing the younger cutie, allowing her to pick her own outfit. Then, the wife put a blindfold on the newcomer and took her to the husband. He was lying on the bed with his massive black schlong patiently waiting when the anniversary gift placed her luscious lips on it and started sucking. Just seconds later, she was going as deep as possible, trying her best to deepthroat, choking and gagging on that huge rod while the wife watched, talking dirty and enjoying the show. She even helped the younger girl out by pushing her head deeper on that black monster before finally removing her blindfold and joining the chick for an amazing, double blowjob. Taking the initiative over, she was now sucking the shaft while the other girl licked the balls all over. All that intense dick sucking the girls longing for more. The wife wanted to watch first, so she let the new chick mount her husband’s huge black cock. She immediately started riding balls deep, with the guy ramming her in rhythm from underneath. He went so hard and fast that the girl quickly came and rode for just a little bit more before swapping places with a naughty wife. Turned on from the show, the glam babe rode vigorously and quickly came, squirting all over! Once she finished quivering and had someone recovered from cumming so hard, she guided his cock back into her wet cunt and kept slamming herself hard down onto it. The other babe rubbed her swollen clit and the wife began to squirt like mad again. OMG it was so damn good! Her husband was all wet from all her squirting orgasms, she just couldn’t stop! That was just the beginning and she squirted many more times before they started switching positions. Both naked girls moaned loudly as they came on his cock. He tasted both cunts and assholes as he fucked them. One after the other, this black stud fucked both of them into multiple orgasms. He fucked these white pussies with his black cock for a good hour before the girls both finally collapsed on top of one another. 