Two girls have been living together for a few months. The girls are both single and they have become great friends since they move in together. They have always felt some attraction towards each other and they have had a hard time resisting the urge to fuck. The blonde was alone in her bedroom, naked and horny, finger fucking her pussy. Her roommate heard the noises from the blonde’s room. She realized that the girl was masturbating and she decided to take the opportunity to seduce her. She entered the room like a hunter and she threw herself onto the blonde. She placed her hand on the blonde’s mouth and gave her a naughty look. The girl didn’t protest and she let the brunette go down on her. The brunette started eating it voraciously, her tongue swirling up and down. The blonde watched as her juice squirted onto the roomie’s face! She was lapping her up, licking, sucking, nibbling in all the right places. The blonde had her legs high in the air as the brunette made sure the pussy was treated right. The brunette took off her jeans and panties and got on the bed. The busty blonde went down on her to eat her. She loved the roommate’s pussy so much, fingering and eating and savoring her cunt. The naked girls wanted to try out scissoring. Horny blonde jumped onto the brunette and placed the pussy against hers. Both girls were moaning as their pussies touched each other. The blonde was really wild and she hadn’t had that hot sex in ages. As she was eating the pussy, a guy bumped into the room. It was their third roommate who was never around except when some juicy action was going on. The brunette saw him and she showed him to get lost.   He wanted to watch the girls, so he stood there with his hard dick. He hid behind the door and jerked himself as the brunette was satisfying the blonde. He had his pleasure so he left them, before the blonde even noticed him there. Two naked girls kept on scissoring till their pussies came together making both of them reach heights of sexual ecstasy. They collapsed onto the bed trying to catch their breath, heaving through orgasm aftershocks, their bodies shaking and quivering. The brunette went to the bathroom and their horny roommate was waiting for her there. Spying on the girls having intense lesbian sex in the bedroom had made him so horny. He wanted sex immediately! He started sucking on her tits like a hungry baby, moving from one succulent tit to the other, then he dropped to his knees, grabbed her fat ass cheeks, buried his face between them and licked her pussy and ass. But just as they were getting into it, the blonde came to the bathroom thinking that she was about to join her lesbian girlfriend for a sexy shower. After hiding the dude behind the shower curtain, she tried to keep her out of the shower by initiating more hot fucking, but he couldn’t contain himself. He made a hole out of shower curtain, creating a glory hole, stuck his cock through the hole right into her brunette’s cunt. He fucked her as both naked girls masturbated in front of each other. However the blonde quickly discovered what was going on – which turned out to be beneficial to everyone. He didn’t need to be told what to do as two sexy naked girls were ready for an intense threesome! He moved from one pussy to the other as the girls came simultaneously. They took turns riding him, slamming their cunts hard down onto his cock. He pounded both of them in doggy style so awesomely hard and fast and they were cumming heavily after a great triangle fuck.