When it comes to pure, perverted erotic pleasure, nobody does it better than my girl. She’s a breathtaking, exotic brunette with luscious, curly hair and plump lips that are made for dick sucking. And as if all of that isn’t enough, her body is out of this world with big tits and an incredible, bubbly ass. Not just that, but she knows how to pick lingerie and looks stunning every time she puts it on. This time, she went for a particularly naughty and skimpy outfit with lots of black straps that didn’t actually cover anything. Her perfect tits were gently bouncing left and right as she approached me. I was obediently sitting in a chair, waiting for orders from such a dominant mistress when she straddled me and put her juicy pussy right in my face. Apparently, she only planned to tease me by rubbing herself for just a bit before going on her knees and taking my schlong down her throat. Without wasting a second, my babe started deepthroating vigorously. My hips moved in rhythm, almost involuntarily, aching to fuck her throat hard. She was choking but persisting, and so the blowjob was becoming sloppier with every passing second. Having made sure that my boner was rock hard and all slippery from her saliva, the hottie gave my balls a licking treatment before standing back up and turning her back to me. A couple of seconds later, and her big butt was bouncing off my legs as she rode me in a reverse cowgirl. Her dripping wet snatch effortlessly took my massive shaft all the way in so she kept impaling herself vigorously. The harder this brunette went, the louder she screamed, begging me to ram her rougher and deeper. I felt her muscles pull me each time she moved, demanding me deeper inside of her. Then, she simply turned around to continue jumping on my schlong while facing me. Now, I was staring at those magnificent jugs and enjoying the look of pleasure on that pretty face, as her trimmed cherry swallowed my meat whole. She was raising herself off me and then slamming down onto me. I met her each time she came down, pushing deep into her. After that, I took the initiative. My girl ended up on the couch, spreading those legs as I rammed her from the front. It didn’t take long before I came loads all over her pussy and watched her taste it before going back in. Her pussy began to squirt her cum out around my plunging cock. She came again and again until I shot my load in her squirting pussy! 