I had amazing sex with a gorgeous, slutty redhead one time. It was on my vacation, and we were in my apartment in a hotel. She was wearing nothing but the sluttiest piece of underwear I have ever seen. She was pressing up against my limbs with her gorgeous ass, and her ass cheeks divided by a thong looked so fucking stunning. I couldn’t wait to spank that ass and fuck her, and it seemed like she hardly waited for it too. I gave her a little spank just to warm the things up, after which she invited me to give me a massage on a bed. I lay on a bed on my back, and she pulled down my pants and started giving me a footjob with her beautiful feet! My dick got hard in a second. Never had any girl play with my cock like that. She was rubbing the the head of my cock with her big toe, it was awesome! After a footjob, she started sucking my cock. Hot redhead babe gave me the best blowjob I ever had, and she was doing it with so much passion and desire. After the blowjob, she took off her bra and started slapping her beautiful tits with my cock. Finally, she took off her panties too and showed me her beautiful shaved pussy. She was over me, placing the head of my cock at the entrance to her wet cunt and stroking it up between her labia and over her clit. Then the sexy babe lowered herself onto me, engulfing me in her tightness, wetness, and warmness. Her rhythm began slowly, undulating her hips against mine, grinding her pubis into me. She leaned forward, causing her soft breasts to sway towards my mouth. She knew exactly what she was doing with that dick. Even though she was young, she certainly already had a lot of experience. She first rode my dick facing me, and then she did it with her back towards me. That gave me an opportunity to spank her naughty ass, and she enjoyed it so much whenever I slapped her. I especially spanked her hard when I was fucking her in the doggy style. I then fucked her in a missionary position and squeezed her beautiful natural boobs. I then let her ride my dick like a cowgirl once again because I noticed that she likes that the most. That was the position when she could show most how badly she wanted the dick. After another cock ride, I came all over her face, after which the sexy redhead gave me another short blowjob and made my cock all nice and clean from cum. 