A gorgeous, busty tattooed girl went to see her friend in Los Angeles one weekend. Her friend lives with her father, and since he is a millionaire, they live in a big villa. When she came there, her friend told her that she has an exam at college on Saturday and that she will be out for half of the day. The busty girl pretended that she is sorry for that, although she actually had a crush on her friend’s and she would love to let him fuck her however he wants. Gabbie is spectacular in this one with an innocence, yet longing for and capturing, the object of her antasies. She was teasing him with her big breasts and a gorgeous body while sunbathing near a swimming pool, and when she realized he took the bait, he made the concrete move. In a few seconds, he was lying on her on a couch, squeezing her gorgeous big tits and sucking her nipples. She looks phenomenal sitting astride him, her beautiful, pendulous breasts swaying hypnotically! She has HUGE natural tits with a large areola. He hold her tits with both hands pressing them into his mouth. I can never get enough of Gabbie. And those tits, they are even better than before! He then moved a little lower and licked her beautiful pussy. Her pussy was shaved except for a triangle above the pink lips of her cunt. This teen babe has the best pair of tits and a lovely shaven cunt, God I’d love to ride her! After that, it was for her to give him a treat, and she gave him the best blowjob he ever had. She was sucking his dick like a pro and licked his balls, and he stuck his cock into her filthy through, fucking her face and making her drool her spit all over her chin and tits. The babe squeezed her amazing boobs together and began to titfuck him.  Gabbie has sucha gorgeous face and great tits. They both got fully naked, and she rode his dick, her boobs were flying up and down.  Then he smashed her pussy in doggy style and a little more in a missionary pose. This babe is something beyond what you usually get to see in porn. He came on her pretty face, and she welcomed the cum with her mouth wide opened and her filthy tongue out. She finally fulfilled her long-time fantasy. 