My teenage stepdaughter is super lazy and spoiled. She doesn’t do anything around the house and, most of the time, chills out wearing thongs, purposely provoking me with her gorgeous butt. One day, I came to her room to tell her that she has to do some housework, but she objected as usual. I then told her that she has to do some other jobs if she doesn’t want to do housework. More precisely, she has to give me a blowjob. She objected to that as well, but once I threatened her that I would take her credit card away, she was on her knees in no time. She obediently opened her mouth and I fed my cock in. Teen babe sucked my dick for a few minutes and went without pleasing me to the end. I made her swallow my load, before I smeared my cum covered cock all over my stepdaughter’s face. However, when she came home early next morning, I was waiting for her. I knew she went to a party, and she knew that her mom would be furious if she found out. Therefore, I blackmailed her with sex again, only this time we went all the way to the end. I took off her panties and spanked her gorgeous little ass, her tight pussy felt amazing, unfortunately we got interrupted by her mother. Just the next day I found a used condom in her bedroom! We have rules about sneaking boys in the house. Besides if she wants a dick I can put mine in her wet pussy and without a condom, skin on skin is much better! I pulled her panties to the side and stuck my dick right inside her cunt. I finally fucked her in a missionary position and doggy style. She was moaning and screaming like a real pornstar, and I could see what I already knew, and that is that she has that sluttiness in her. I was fucking her with a stunning view on her gorgeous ass and her beautiful bare feet, while her bare tits were bouncing front and back. While I was fucking her, she was yelling, “Fuck me, daddy!” and that was such good music for my ears. My pelvis roughly smacked against her ass cheeks with each satisfying fuck. I banged her in doggy style until I came on her slutty ass and made her messy. 