Adriana and Rob have been together for a long time. He has a big black cock and she is the greatest squirter of all time, this why they always have amazing sex. However, one day Adriana noticed that her friend Kira have been making eyes at her boyfriend. Kira apologizes at first, but it is all for naught. Kira was in the bathroom when Adriana approached her, kissing her on the lips. She told her they liked her and asked her to join them. Kira was a little shy, but the brunette was persistent and she made a move on her. She started kissing her and touching her sexy body. Kira was turned on as Adriana grabbed her ass. She pushed her finger inside her pussy and felt it was already wet. The girls were having a passionate moment before they got out of the bathroom. They removed all their clothes and went to the kitchen to meet Rob there. He was thrilled to see both girls standing naked in front of him. He got aroused immediately, and both girls got on their knees. His black cock was big and eager to have fun with two girls. They started blowing him together, enjoying the size of that dick. Two naked girls were blowing his dick and sucking his big balls. He took Kira and put her on his shoulder. He and Adriana licked her pussy together, making her with pleasure as their tongues did its magic on her clit. The girl was moaning as they both ate her. Rob was holding her as he put his huge black dick inside her shaved pussy. The dick was very hard and ready to destroy her. Adriana was playing with her pussy in the meanwhile and waiting for his cum to leak out of Kira’s pussy down to her mouth. They moved to the living room and the man got onto the couch.   The girls wanted to blow him again, so they took turns as his dick went crazy. Adriana wanted to have it inside her. She got on top of her boyfriend and put his dick in her wet pussy. While they were fucking, her friend was playing with his balls. She was squeezing them as he nailed his girl hard and deep. She was all done, so the ebony sat over the BBC and spread her legs. She started bouncing up and down on it, and he didn’t have to do anything, just lay there and let her fuck his cock with her cunt! Adriana wasted no time and just sat onto her friend’s face! The Ebony babe lapped greedily at her pussy. He was nailing her hard as Adriana grind her clit into her face screaming loudly. Both girls were moaning loudly as they were enjoying that sexy threesome. Rob went down on his girl and started licking her. As soon as he started eating her delicious pussy she started to squirt! She came right in his face, squirting hard in his mouth and all over his face. He just kept licking her cunt faster. He knew what she liked, so he made her squirt heavily. Kira joined him and they both made Adriana very happy. That girl could squirt a few times in a row. They were all unstoppable and they kept fucking that whole day. The threesome was very wet and successful. This is one of the hottest scenes ever on Blacked, watch more black couples with white girls.