This babe loves holidays and she wanted to share her favorite recipe for Thanksgiving. She picked her favorite outfit, a pink, transparent negligee. She had white lingerie underneath it and she wanted to show it off. She turned around to twerk her fat ass a little, just enough to tease the viewers. She removed the negligee and she only had her panties left. She started playing with the flour, and it got all over her big all natural tits. She managed to make a few pies and she needed to decorate them. She took the cream and sprayed it over the pies and her nipples. She removed all her lingerie and she put some cream on her pussy too. Then the busty naked girl invited the cameraman to lick the cream off her pussy. He accepted the invitation! He began licking all the cream from her succulent boobs. He tried to take as much of her tit in his mouth as he could. He rolled his tongue over her nipple, and then he sucked hard. Then he got down to lick cream off her sweet pussy. For him it was the most delicious dessert! They didn’t even try the pies and the naked girl took him straight to the bedroom. He pulled his pants down and took his dick out. It was already hard as he watched her prepare her deserts. She started blowing him and she loved the size of his cock. She wanted that cock in her pussy, so she turned around into the doggy style with her thick ass in the air. He shoved the cock inside her and started pounding her from behind. She gasped evey time his pelvic bone slammed against her big ass. His huge, fully loaded balls smacked repeatedly against her clit. She was very loud as she enjoyed being nailed. He loved the sound of his balls slapping her as he started going really hard. Busty naked blonde went on top of him to have another ride. He grabbed her big tits as she screamed. She loved it when she spanked her ass hard. He started going really fast and her screams became louder. He didn’t stop until she had her orgasm and he made her a special dessert just for her. 