Even though I am a mature age now, I still like to fuck a lot and can’t settle down when I know that there is a girl somewhere who is willing to suck my cock and let me smash her teenage pussy. That is exactly what happened with an Asian teen one time, and she is, without a doubt, the most beautiful teen babe I have ever seen. She has a slim body, a pretty face, an adorable shaved pussy, nice natural tits, and the most fuckable tiny ass you can imagine. Slim girls with tight asses turn me on so much! Especially the skinny girls with the perky titties, right? Just the excitement of watching my big dick pound into these tight pussies is amazing. Once we got to the place, I sat on a chair, and she did a little striptease on a bed for me. She was dressed like a Pilgrim on Thanksgiving. She got on there wearing shoes, socks, and tiny white thongs, which made her stunning ass look even more gorgeous than it already is. She slowly pulled them off and threw them at me, and then the young naked girl lay back and started pleasing herself with a vibrating sex toy. She got so wet and horny that I could literally see the cum drooling down her pussy. Once she got really horny, I got naked too and stood up, and she kneeled in front of me and started choking on my dick with her deep throat and her pretty little mouth. She was pushing her face on my dick so hard that she was constantly running out of the air, so the spit from her mouth was drooling down her chin and falling on her beautiful tits. She was gagging on the cock like the nastiest and horniest pornstar you have ever seen. After the blowjob, which blew up my mind, that cutie lay on the bed again, spread her legs and let me bang her wet young pussy. I was fucking her really hard, and she squeezed her tits and smiled at me.   “I want you to cum in me. Cum in me! Knock this slut pussy up!” When I heard it my sperm injected into her womb with a great powerful force! She let out a great sighing moan as the first hot jet of cum shot forcefully against her cervix. She stared into my eyes with a look of extreme passion and satisfaction. I looked down at her red, swollen and very cummy pussy. Her pussy swallowed my huge creampie and she wanted more! I pushed my dick back into her pussy and kept fucking her. I was still pumping full force jets of cum into her as my cock twitched inside her. She wanted me to fuck her in the doggy style pose. My cock was so messy from her cum, and it felt so good while I was going in and out. While I was fucking her in the doggy style, I got too excited and came again, making the biggest creampie you could ever imagine. The cum was literally falling on the floor from her pussy. However, even though I came, my dick was still incredibly hard, and this skinny naked girl wanted to take advantage of that. I let her have it, so she sat on my cock and rode it with her beautiful shaved pussy until she made me cum again. Huge globs of cum were leaking out of her with each new thrust, her pussy was simply unable to contain it all. I couldn’t believe how nasty and horny she was, and even after I came in her pussy several times, she still wanted to play more. Another huge creampie. She was still climaxing at full potential with her pussy contracting around my cock milking it for every last drop of fluid. I swear I never came so much. My senses were overwhelmed. My cock was exploding inside my her hot pussy. I was so tired at this point, that I just laid there with my cock in her mouth. She asked me to cum in her mouth this time while sucking my dick. I gave her that pleasure too!