Apparently, this guy has the best luck in the whole world. He is a roommate with this kinky young brunette who can’t help but bring a different girl to fuck every day. This time, she hooked up with a particularly curvy, platinum blonde cutie who was just as mischievous. Before heading for some private, one-on-one action, the two wanted to fool around with the guy. The girls found him in the living room, his face buried in his phone. The blonde took the opportunity to take her big, supple, natural tits out and jiggle them right behind him. The lesbian duo had fun laughing at his ignorance before they sneaked back to the bedroom. Once there, the brunette immediately went to work. She started slobbering on the rock hard nipples of her blonde girlfriend with a passion before giving her a long, wet kiss and undoing her shorts. Just like that, she ended up between those legs, placing her tongue on a pulsating, already wet, shaved snatch. The moment she started eating that snatch out, the blonde started moaning in pleasure, fondling her breasts and enjoying the show. It wasn’t long before the naked girls started scissoring. The brunette was screaming while having her trimmed pussy grinding off of that shaved cunt and the blonde was relentless. The lesbians were moving, rubbing, grinding their clits against each other. One intense, mutual orgasm later, and the brunette was back between those legs, licking her girl up.   It was then that the unsuspecting roommate accidentally barged in. Stunned and surprised, he couldn’t stop staring at the two naked girls going at it. His cock jumped and went stone hard at the sight. The blonde, losing her mind with horniness, sneakily invited him in. The moment he approached, he put his dick onto her face and she started sucking him off. Her lesbian girlfriend still had no idea what was happening while the blonde was in heaven with a dick in her mouth and a tongue in her pussy. Naturally, it was only a matter of time before the other girl found it and that’s when she jumped back, yelling at them both. However, all of them were already turned on so hard that it took just a bit of convincing and the threesome was well underway. Being a good peacekeeper, the blonde went on her knees between the two roommates. With a schlong on one side and a trimmed pussy on the other, she was now taking turns giving both of the erotic oral pleasure. After sucking on her girlfriend’s clit and her roommate’s cock, things started escalating. The blonde lied down on the bed on her back and the brunette mounted her face. The guy took advantage of the situation and shoved his throbbing member deep inside that dripping cunt. From that position, the naked girls turned to doggy style where the guy ravaged his roommate’s girlfriend from behind while she kept eating that cunt all up. One sloppy double blowjob and cowgirl riding later, and the brunette finally gave in, hungry to see how that dick feels inside of her. However, once she took it with her pussy, she wanted it inside her tight ass as well and they continued with balls deep anal hammering!