Dude was home alone, studying for his test. His hot stepmom got back from the mall, with bags full of new things. She wanted to show him what she had bought. Her bags were full of sexy lingerie. The boy felt a little awkward as his new mom took her clothes off in front of him. She was showing him her new lingerie and she wasn’t shy as she stood naked. The boy cound see her big tits, her naked ass and her shaved pussy. She kept trying on sexy lingerie that showed off her sexy curves. As he sat watching a young sexy woman posing in front of him, he couldn’t help but get a massive boner. The boy’s dick became really hard and she saw it. She said it’s natural and offered to help. She got on the couch and took his dick out. MILF was feeling really slutty and horny. She leaned over and shoved her tits in his face. He played with her boobs as she was touching his young hard dick. Then she started blowing the boy. Honestly speaking, his stepmom was much more better than girls his age. Oh, man, she knew how to suck. She quickly took off his trunks and then she took off her bikini bottom. She wanted his dick inside her. She sat on top of him. The MILF started riding the boy and he was excited to have his dick inside her. Whenever he stroked himself he would imagine his cock sliding in his new stepmom’s hot cunt. Naked woman turned around so he could look at her big tits. She was really wild. She was grinding her pussy back and forth with his cock inside her. She began to bounce up and down his hard cock with more force, running her nails down to play with his balls. He wanted to fuck her in the doggy style. He was nailing his mom hard as she moaned. He fucked her better than his father and he was really proud of that. He couldn’t wait to tell all his friends how he destroyed his mom’s pussy on the couch. She took another ride on his dick and he gave her a few orgasms. The boy was getting close to finishing and he wanted to fill her mouth. Naked woman got on her knees and he unloaded all his jizz on her face and mouth. 