A blonde babe has been living with her new roommate for a month. He gets on her nerves but he also turns her on very much. She was doing the laundry and he came into the room. They were both trying to put their clothes in the washing machine at the same time, but she wanted to go first. The blonde babe took off her shirt and put in the washing machine. The roommate took a nice view of her big tits in her bra. She saw him staring at her breasts and smiled. Playfully, she looked at him and asked him to help her take it off. She truly had a beautiful pair and they begged to be freed. He took off her bra and loved seeing her naked tits in front of him. Her magnificent tits were set free and his cock jerked at the sight of those beauties. He immediately buried his face in between her melons and she hugged him hard. He started kissing and sucking on her boobs. The girl pulled down her panties too. She was completely naked and he saw her pretty, shaved pussy. He knelt on the floor between her legs and started licking it. Busty naked babe was grinding her pussy back and forth on his face. He was lapping with his tongue, up and down, side to side, in and out. Deciding to give her what she wanted, he finally pulled down his boxer shorts to free his now rock hard cock. She got on her knees and put it straight into her mouth. It was big and she loved the taste of it. She blew him before she got it inside her. Her pussy was warm and welcoming. He had her from behind and he was nailing her hard in that laundry room. He reached around and grabbed her soft tits with both hands, cupping them and pulling her closer to him as she began pushing her big ass against him. She was screaming and moaning as his dick was destroying her cunt. He loved playing with her tits as he fucked her. He had her in every corner of the room. He was on the floor, and she got on top of him. She loved taking a ride on his cock. Her tits were jumping up and down as she was riding. He wanted to cum on them, so as he was getting close to finishing, he got out of her. His balls were ready, and he sprinkled her big tits with his sperm. 