These three young and beautiful schoolgirls are as mischievous as they are cute. This time, they had stolen a camera and went to a nearby park to fool around. Afraid of nobody, the three little sluts were having fun with slides, climbers, and playhouses. Every now and then, one of them would lift her skirt, revealing the most innocent white panties, before going on as if nothing happened. They even went on to show off their flexibility by doing cartwheels and messing about before a security guard finally caught up to them. He started running after them but little minxes seemed to be too fast for him and they managed to escape home. Back in the comfort of a home, they were already losing their minds with horniness. That’s why it didn’t take long for the three of them to strip down to their underwear and start pussy licking each other. Moans of pleasure were echoing all around the room and, just as this lesbian trio was getting into it, they heard a knock on the door. Carefully, they went to open the door and that’s when the security guard barged in. It took him a couple of moments to calm them down and that’s when he explained how the camera they had stolen from the school had GPS built-in. He was just about to call the cops when the half naked schoolgirls decided to talk him out of it. Naturally, no guy would refuse a polite offer from three young ladies. That’s how he found himself comfortably relaxing on the couch with his throbbing dick out. Three naked girls were now taking turns sucking him off. The camera was still on and they were even trying to get the best angle possible. The petite blonde seemed to be the most into it at first, as she made that rock hard shaft all slippery with her saliva. That’s when the girls switched and her brunette girlfriend took over, taking that rod deep down her throat.   The third girl watched, making sure the camera was recording every single detail before she switched with the brunette, hungry for that man’s meat. The dude was in heaven constantly having two lustful nubiles giving him amazing blowjobs while making out, teasing, and rubbing each other simultaneously. Then, just like that, the skinny and curly hottie straddled the man in a reverse cowgirl and sat on his schlong with her smoothly shaved snatch. Just moments later she was vigorously impaling herself, moaning and screaming in pleasure as her school friends watched. One after the other, the naked girls started changing places on his dick. The next one to hop on went for a cowgirl approach and her tight asshole was fully visible on the camera as she rode with a passion. Having filmed all of that, the blonde finally approached as it was finally her turn. From there on out, he pounded them in every position imaginable, hammering those dripping wet pussies as they ate each other out into orgasms. Three gorgeous pussies spread open in front of him, all in a row. Any guy’s dream, three dripping pussies and three hungry mouths all demanding your personal attention. The feeling was incredible, moving from one pussy to another. The girls took turns riding their faces as well. At the end those sexy naked girls got on their knees and started to suck his hot throbbing cock, each taking turns. It wasn’t long before he was ready to cum. The girls took turns trying to swallow as much as they could. When he finished cumming, the girls kissed each other with his sticky cum on their lips and in their mouths.