A happy couple was expecting a baby. They decided to have the labor at home, so they arranged to have two midwives come to their home. The moment has arrived as the wife had tractions and her body was ready to deliver a baby. They had everything prepared and the girls wanted to make them feel as relaxed as they could. A busty midwife was preparing her instruments. She was wearing a miniskirt and no underwear beneath it. The husband took a peek and he saw her naked pussy. He was shocked but it helped him relax. They put the wife onto the table and one girl stayed with her, as the other one wanted to make the guy less scared. She took him to the bedroom. She was going to take care of not only the wife, but the husband as well! Doing whatever it takes to relieve tension and stress, which means, luckily for this father-to-be, a wet, wild and sneaky squirt-filled fuck-fest!!! The girl started blowing him, fucking his cock with her mouth and it really helped. Then the crazy slut got on top of him, sat on his dick and started riding him! Her pussy was all wet and as soon as he started nailing her hard, she squirted! They continued fucking as her wife was in another room. She squirted again and again all over him. He was pounding into her like there was no tomorrow, and her legs began trembling again, another squirting orgasm! She had multiple squirting orgasms and they soon went back to check on the wife.   The other midwife was also horny and as soon as the man came back, she started stroking his dick, as the busty brunette helped his wife. The cheating husband liked that teen slut as well. The girl got on her knees and blew his dick right next to his wife. She quickly pulled off her panties and turned around. He shoved his dick into the whore and nailed her from behind. They continued fucking on the couch in the same room where his wife was delivering the baby. His wife was screaming with pain as the slutty midwife had her husband on the floor, destroying her cunt and screaming with pleasure. The little slut was a squirter as well. She just couldn’t stop spraying high in the air. She came all over his cock, her pussy squirted cum in massive jet streams. The other slut watched them as she held the wife’s legs. She wanted another ride on the man’s cock, so the girls switched. She sat on him and he started nailing her again. The poor wife had no idea what was happening and that her cheating husband fucked both midwives. Her screams were louder than the slut’s. The husband was very happy he had these slutty girls help him get relaxed. With the other girl they sneaked to the bedroom for another wild squirting fuck fest. That girl could squirt multiple times and she enjoyed his big dick deep inside her pussy. He wanted to cum inside her so badly. His balls were full and ready to fill her cunt. He came inside her and made her a warm creampie. The wife finally delivered the baby and her husband wasn’t there.