A sexy blonde was in the kitchen. She wanted to do the dishes and prepare a nice lunch for her boyfriend. He was at work and she wanted to surprise him with a delicious meal. While she was doing the dishes, she sprinkled herself with water. She was wet and she needed to take off her clothes to let it dry. She was only in her panties and suddenly, she realized she was very horny. She couldn’t resist it as her pussy was burning with desire. The girl decided to play a little before she continued with her chores. The babe got on the kitchen counter and spread her legs. Her pink pussy lips were all wet and she placed her hand on her slit. It felt so good, so she started rubbing it. She was moaning as she played with her succulent tit. Her boyfriend got home early and entered the kitchen. He had a bad day at work, but his day became much better as soon as he saw his sexy half naked girlfriend furiously rubbing her cunt on that counter. He watched her before he finally approached her. She was a little ashamed, but she didn’t stop playing. She wanted him to join her in her sexy kitchen activities. He kneeled down on the floor in front of her, her pink cunt right in front of his face. Her pussy lips were glistening with her juices. His cock was getting really hard. He unzipped his pants and took it out. The girl got on her knees and took his dick into her hands. Grinning lasciviously up at him as she kissed and licked the tip. She opened the mouth, put it inside it and started blowing it. He trembled looking into her green eyes as she held his cock in her mouth. This babe has the most perfect natural tits you have ever seen.   This is why her boyfriend does not miss the chance to fuck them. With the perfect make-up, gorgeous all natural breasts and everything this woman is truly angelic. She’s beautiful and sensual. If you look up “perfection” in the dictionary, there will be a picture of her! The blonde turned around and he shoved the dick inside her wet, shaved pussy. The feeling of her warm, tight pussy wetly clasping his cock almost defied description. He started slowly and gently. Soon he went harder and deeper. She was moaning loudly as his big dick felt so good to her tight cunt. The boyfriend got on the couch and the girl sat on his dick. She was going up and down as he watched her big ass. He loved to look at it as she rode him. Hot naked girl turned around, so he could have a good view of her big tits. They were perfectly round and they were jumping as she was going up and down his big cock. Her body and performance are incredible! He was very happy to have a girlfriend that sexy. He was thinking about how only she could make his day that better. His dick was so hard and close to finishing. He wanted to give her the best orgasm she ever had so he started nailing her really hard. She was screaming as her pussy was being destroyed by his huge cock. All the neighbors could hear her moans. His hot blonde girlfriend reached her climax, but he kept going. His balls were ready to fill her pussy. He made her a nice creampie and they forgot about the lunch she never managed to make.