Becky moves to Canada, to live with her new family. She was so happy to arrive and meet her new parents. Everything was fine at first, but she sensed some strange vibes. They took away her phone, as they didn’t allow any gadgets in the house. She thought they were only old-fashioned. She was getting to know them, but they were kind of peculiar. The family was in the living room, enjoying a game of charades. Her new brother got up in front of the couch, as they watched him. He began to mime what could only be licking a pussy, flicking his tongue obscenely in the air as he spread an imaginary pussy with two fingers of each hand, staring at Becky as he did so. Becky shifted uncomfortably, looking away. The parents didn’t see anything sexual about it at all. ‘He’s…he’s acting out…you know…sexual things…and…and staring at me’. ‘She’s going to find out soon enough what’s REALLY going on!’. Finally, they admitted to her that they like to swap daughters with other couples, and then do naughty things with the girls. ‘They made an arrangement that when each of their daughters turned 18, they would…perform an exchange, so that each family could…satisfy their unique appetites…’ Becky was terrified, but she had no phone or really nowhere to go. She wanted to run away, but she couldn’t. ‘Your new life is here Becky, and you need to accept that,’ her new mom said. As part of her new life as a family, as they had told her, there were certain rules, and one of those rules, was that they needed to have…family time! Her new parents and her new brother came to her to lure her into a family foursome. She couldn’t resist them, so she just opened her legs and let her brother lick her pussy. She realized she only needed to go with the flow and enjoy that perverted family orgy. Her new mom wanted to teach her how to suck her husband’s cock, so she showed her how it was done. The girls shared two cocks, and then her new dad pushed his cock inside her pussy. He was nailing her from behind with his big, mature cock. Her mom was licking her clit. Both men were fascinated with the new girl, and they switched a few times, so they could both try her young tight pussy. The dad really knew how to please her, so he made her squirt heavily before he kept fucking his wife. This perverted family made her feel welcome and accepted. After a few orgasms, she didn’t want to run anymore. Watch more swingers, family group sex and family affairs! 