I went to take a bath but my beautiful girlfriend seemed was interested in playing with my dick. She wasn’t even in the tub with me but sat next to it. Her fingertips trace a pattern on my scrotum, bestowing feather-light caresses around the outline of my testicles, making my ball bag pucker up and tingle with desire. Fuck, it felt good. My eyes roll to the back of my head and I slip further down the bathtub, groaning, making my cock rise higher out the water. Of course, I didn’t mind having such a beautiful babe with a pair of perfect tits on a flawless female body stroking my massive shaft using a bubble bath as lube. I simply kicked back and relaxed while she played with my cock. Even that wasn’t enough for my lustful hottie because she got turned on so much she had to strip clothes and join me. I took the opportunity to start fingering her even before she sat down. Finally, she submerged those seductive curves only to prop herself up and give me that smoothly shaved pussy once more. Without question, I proceeded to rub and finger her into a lovely orgasm before leaving her to continue with a handjob. After such a steamy bath, we headed to the bedroom where she put on one of her sexy nurse costumes. I didn’t even want to bother dressing up as my hot brunette immediately jumped at me to give me an amazing blowjob. A bit of dick sucking, tit fucking, and ball licking later, and the beauty was now sitting on my member in a reverse cowgirl. Going slowly at first, she was adjusting to the size, slowly stretching her insides with my meat before I pushed her on her back to rail her in a missionary position. Watching my girl rub her clit as I ravaged her was mesmerizing. That gorgeous nurse wanted to suck all of my cum with her tight cunt! We switched to doggy style drilling. She got on all fours with her lovely plump bottom in the air. From there, I banged that pulsating snatch as hard and as deep as possible before giving her a big load of sticky jizz. My babe’s only job is to grant every dirty wish I have! 