Alexia is a cute teen who wants to get into fitness. She has started her morning routine recently, and she has hired a personal instructor. She likes to workout outside by the pool. The instructor let himself in and found a petite gymnast already warming up. He told her she needs to work on her stretching, so he offered to help her out. The girl had a crush on him, so she allowed him to take her inside. They got on the couch and he advised her she needs to have her little pussy stretched first. The girl spread her legs and let her coach teach her some new tricks. He got down on her and started licking her pussy. It was bald and pink. His tongue was everywhere, her pussy lips, inside her vagina and pulling and lapping at her clit. She had never had anyone eat her virgin pussy before. She pushed her hips up higher, pushing her pussy into his face. His tongue felt so good and the girl moaned as he pleased her with his eating skills. He was hungry and she was horny. The girl wanted to see his dick. He removed his clothes and took the dick out. She had never seen a cock before, every fiber in her body was drawn to it. His penis was already very hard. It was pointed straight up. Slowly she positioned herself over it. Her desire to kiss his cock, take it in her mouth, feel its warmth, suck it, it was all she has fantasized about. Young naked gymnast put his big penis inside her little mouth and tried her first blowjob. He told her the only way to achieve full splits is by breaking her hymen. Naked girl got on top of him and lowered her small pussy on his cock.   She moaned as she felt his cock head spread her pussy lips, just barely entering her. She kept impaling herself on him,lower and lower till his big cock was inside her. She felt his cock throb inside her. Throb and pulse. She had never imagined it would feel like this but it did and it was so wonderful! She started riding it slowly. She got a hold of it quickly, so she began going quicker. The dick really made her virgin pussy stretch as it was so big and her pussy was tight and fresh. The girl couldn’t keep quiet, and she moaned so loudly, as she was enjoying her first cock ride. The instructor got up and held her small body, as he nailed her in the air. He was going hard and deep inside her. She was so light and he could hold her for hours. The baby girl wanted to try his dick from behind, so she went back to the couch. She got into the doggy, so he could come inside her. He was riding this girl hardcore and she really liked it. That was a whole new experience for her, and she was so happy her first sex was going great. She got down again, to have him nailing her. The young naked girl was looking him straight into the eyes, as he was enjoying her pussy. He wanted to cum on her petite body, so he got out of her and started jerking off. He sprinkled her with his jizz and she loved his warm juice all over her. She took his still throbbing cock in her mouth again and kept sucking it. She wanted to taste his sperm, so she didn’t stop until he filled her mouth with it.