I always had a crush on my wife’s daughter. She has long blonde hair and a curvy body. I knew she was a slut, so I wanted to fuck her so badly. I used the opportunity when her mom was out. She came to me to ask me to lend her my car. I decided to give it to her but with something in return. I asked her for a lapdance, as it would bring me luck. My wife does that before every game, so I thought her daughter must bring me luck as well. She hiked her dress up, letting me see the lacy, blue thong that barely covered her ass and positioned her ass over my cock. She began rubbing her ass against my cock, it was great! Yes, she could feel my hard cock against her ass. I gave her the car keys, so she went out and left me with a hard-on. That only tempted me and I wanted to get so much more from her. Next day I entered her bedroom and woke her up. I told her we won the game and how much luck she had brought me. I had another game coming, so I asked her for a lucky blowjob! She called me a perv, but I knew she wanted it as well. After some persuasion, she finally got on her knees. I took my dick out and she was surprised to see how big it was. The sexy blonde put it into her slutty mouth and started blowing it. It was her first blowjob, at least that was what she said to me. Her mouth felt so hot and she was gripping my cock very tightly with her lips. I could feel her tongue wiggling around the head of my dick as she moved her mouth up and down. I loved watching her take every inch of my member into her mouth. She kept the same rhythm and pressure till I filled her mouth with cum.   When I had finished emptying myself in to her mouth, she looked up at me and swallowed everything. After that, she decided to use me as much as I wanted to use her. She wanted me to become her sugar daddy and I agreed. I wanted to fuck her any time I wished, and she needed my car and some cash. It was a great deal. I loved her big ass, so I had her sitting on top of me. She started jumping up and down my cock, like a proper slut. I wanted to look at her cunt, so she got on the couch with her legs wide open. I shoved my dick inside her shaved cunt. She was moaning as my big cock tore her pussy apart. It was going deep inside her pussy and she liked its size very much. Hot naked blonde turned me on as I watched her titties and touched her young pussy. It was very soft and wet. I liked her better than her mom because she would let me do anything to her. I wanted her in the doggy, so I could pound her hard as I looked at her big ass. I enjoyed the sound of my balls slapping her white ass. We were so horny and we could fuck all day long. And she was thrilled to learn some new tricks, as she couldn’t learn much with her teenage fuckboys. I was nailing her hard, and thinking about filling her pussy with my sperm. I asked her and she told me she wanted to swallow it. I took my dick out and came into her mouth. She liked the taste of it.