A young guy came to spend a few hours at his girlfriend’s house one day. They were sitting on a couch and watching TV. He was horny and wanted to do something else, but she is quite frigid and doesn’t need to have sex very often. Since he was horny, he went out of the room to watch porn in the bathroom. However, once he got into the bathroom, he saw one of his girlfriend’s housemates bare naked! He already took out his cock, so it was quite a shock for both of them. However, his cock was hard, her tits were so big, they both got so attracted to each other that he stuck his face in her gorgeous tits in a few seconds. He was sucking and nibbling on her nipples and kissing her amazing tits all over. Her tits were so much bigger and heavier than his girlfriend’s little titties. Naked girl kneeled in front of him and stroke his dick with her tits while sucking it at the same time. Holding her tits in her hands and rubbing them over his cock she almost made him explode! She know her housemate teased the poor boy all day and left him with blue balls. She wanted him to cum in her. He pulled one of her legs up and let him bang her pussy from behind. Her enormous boobs were swaying and hanging down to his fucking. At one point, while he was ready to cum in the busty slut, his girlfriend opened the door. The busty was fast enough to hide him behind the towel. While they were chatting, he licked her pussy, and she couldn’t wait for her housemate to leave. Once she left, he went out of the bathroom too and went to the other room, where the other housemate was. Busty blonde was masturbating when he got in, so he came right on time! Lying with her legs spread wide open in front of him, she miled at him wickedly and motioned him closer with her finger.   He started licking her gorgeous shaved pussy while she was squeezing her adorable big tits. The third housemate is a real babe, with that slim, gorgeous body, big breasts, a pretty face, and a hoody look since she was wearing a cap put backward and sunglasses. After he licked her beautiful pussy, she showed him what she can do by giving him the best blowjob he ever had. She even licked his balls and sucked them like the horny nympho that she is. He then started fucking her, and while he was doing it, the girl from the bathroom walked inside, still completely naked. She joined them on a bed and started rubbing her housemate’s pussy, after which the naked girls both sucked his cock like two naughty little girls. At one point, his girlfriend came inside, but she was again late to see her boyfriend cheating on her. She did saw her two housemates naked, but the girls told her that they are having sex themselves. She was surprised, but she bought the story since she knows how slutty and perverted they are. Once she walked out, the two naked girls uncovered their lover from a sheet and got back on his dick. Those four big tits felt great around his cock! Both girls took turns riding his dick and his face. He fucked the babes in their gorgeous pussies and came all over their pretty faces. They were so messy and still very horny, so they licked the cum off each other and kissed for a long time with their mouth full of cum. They felt so slutty knowing that they had a threesome with their housemate’s boyfriend, and he had the best time ever.