College life can sometimes be intimidating, with all the responsibilities and obligations, which is why it’s imperative to have good roommates. This guy seemed to have won the roommate lottery as he was paired with one of the most beautiful young ebony babes in the world. With a pair of huge, magnificent tits, thick hips, a big, bubbly ass, and a bunch of sexy tattoos, she was a sight for sore eyes. Not just that, but she was also a diligent girl who did her best to keep the house clean. He, on the other hand, wasn’t as interested in helping out. On the contrary, the man had no trouble living in a messy room and being happy with what he’s got. However, the black hottie would not have it so she went inside to gather his dirty laundry. That’s when she saw a sock on his cock and got interested. The curiosity got the best of her and, as she pulled that sock off to take a look inside from the dozed off roommate, she ended up with a face full of cum. The guy teased her for it as she gathered the rest of the laundry and stormed off. She had no idea what was coming to her because the jock followed her to the washing machine and, just as the curvaceous ebony went on her knees to finish what she was doing, he approached her from behind and started poking that large ass with his hard boner. Already horny, the cutie started moaning without saying a word. Taking that as a “good to go” sign, he effortlessly tore her thin yoga pants, exposing a dripping wet pussy. Just seconds later, he was shoving his white schlong balls deep inside of that black cunt, ramming her with a passion. He watched her massive, thick ass jiggle.   His pelvic bone was slamming against her big ass. ‘Oh Yes fuck my cunt! Don’t you stop you little fucker!’ Losing her mind with horniness, the girl was begging for more. After hard doggy style pounding the hottie finally turned around to have a taste of that dick. Infatuated with his size and her pussy juices all over it, she was slobbering on it vigorously. Doing her best to take as much as possible of his white cock in her mouth, the girl was choking while deepthroating. However, she wasn’t stopping and she even got excited when the guy grabbed the back of her head to pound her deeper. After such sloppy dick sucking, this interracial couple headed back to the bedroom where the ebony found herself bent over once more. She was doggy styled on the floor. Her big black ass was right in front of him, looking more doughy and delicious then ever. The girl’s thick thighs were glistening with all the pussy juice as they started changing positions and switching things up. First, there was a missionary, where her legs were spread far and wide for balls deep hammering. She took the initiative over, impaling herself relentlessly while riding that thick shaft. Hot black naked babe rode him into many more orgasms before finally being rewarded with a white load! The dude had an intense orgasm, shooting his spunk on her tits and face, crying out loudly as he did. 