Emily is one of the hottest, top-rising pornstars in the world. She is 21 years old and comes from Argentina, so she has that Latin look, but combined with American sluttiness and immorality. She has a slim, tiny body, nice small tits, a cute beautiful face, and a gorgeous little ass. Even though she is young, she already has lots of experience and was nominated for lots of AVN awards. Among others, this year, she was nominated for the best MMF threesome scene, in which she had sex with two mature men in the pool on the roof of the building. She looked so great in clothing… heels, stockings, lingerie. She was wearing a gorgeous red evening dress and high heels in the scene, and the gentlemen were wearing suits. However, despite being all so classy, very soon, they were all wet and naughty. They went into the pool fully dressed, watering each other with champaign, and even spitting champaign to each other’s mouth. Emily was so filthy and enjoyed being a bad girl by sucking two mature dicks at once. So beautiful and elegant, while championing multiple cocks. However, after a naughty night in the pool, the party continued the next day. Emily woke up fully naked in between two naked mature men in a classy hotel. She felt so slutty, and it turned her on immediately, especially since she was still a little drunk from the last night. She got so wet when she saw their naked bodies and woke them up by taking their dicks into her hands. She wished them good morning with a nasty blowjob and enjoyed having her face fucked by both of them. She was taking their cocks deep into her filthy throat and gagged on them so much that her spit was drooling over her neck to her small tits. After the naked girl had her face fucked, she sat on one dick with her ass hole, spread her legs, and put her beautiful feet high up in the air.   Cute little fuck bunny was nailing on that cock with her ass hole while the other man was playing with her pussy. She played with her pussy, too, and got horny so much that she squirted while having her ass fucked. That was just an introduction for what came later, and that is a double penetration for Emily. She sat on a dick again, but this time with her pussy, while another man stuck his dick into her ass and fucked her. Naked girl was in a sandwich between two mature men, having one dick in her pussy and one in her ass hole. The pressure from the two cocks in her pussy and ass was incredible. She was like a woman possessed as she rode the two cocks in her pussy and ass. Emily showed that she is a natural talent for fucking and that, without a doubt, being a pornstar is the perfect career for her. She let them fuck her holes as much as they could, and then, of course, she let them cum on her face and in her mouth. She was so messy, but she was pleased with her lust and desire. Emily is always a pleasure to watch with her great smile and perfect body. She is so beautiful and amazing with two cocks.