A gorgeous teen was in her room one day when her stepdad came in. He asked her what she was up to, and she told him that her mom grounded her. He promised to intervene on her behalf. The girl was sure to show her stepdad how grateful she was for this. He noticed that she was developing fast, meaning on her cute breasts, which were outlined below her T-shirt. The next thing you know, the cute girl had his cock in her mouth and sucked it as she has already done it lots of times before. It was the first time she gave her stepdad a blowjob, but not the last because a few days later, they actually had sex in a kitchen. They started talking again, and he told her that he thinks her mom is cheating on him. She said that she is sad, but actually, she didn’t give a fuck. She only used that as an excuse to fuck him, making him use her for revenge on her mom. She got up on the sink and pulled down her skirt. She was sitting her legs spread wide her pussy was oozing with juice. Her stepdad brought his hard cock between her legs and started rubbing it against her engorged clit. Then he stuck his cock in her tight hairy pussy. She didn’t have lots of sex experience in her life and her pussy was still very tight. However, that didn’t mean she isn’t kinky. On the contrary, she was on her way to becoming one of the sluttiest girls among her friends at school. The next day, her stepdad was watching TV and relaxing on the couch, and she approached him barefoot, in a pink skirt and a pink tank top.   Teen girl had that slutty look in her eyes, the look that says she wants to be nasty. Her stepdad told her that her mom was moving out, but she didn’t care at all. She didn’t even let him finish explaining why her mom was moving out. She just unbuttoned his pants and grabbed his dick with her small hands. She got used to sucking his dick so much that she couldn’t stop thinking about it, and each next time she was doing it, she gave him a better blowjob than before. After his sexy step daughter sucked his cock, he started fucking her in a missionary position, but this time, his dick was getting into her pussy very smoothly. Once he fucked her in that position, he started fucking her in the doggy style, and her pussy was wetter than ever before. She liked getting fucked so much that she didn’t even let him fuck her, but she was nailing back and forth on his cock. After that, her stepdaddy lay on the couch, and the naked girl sat on his dick with her pussy and rode it, slamming her pussy hard down against his dick. While she was doing it, he played with her clit so that she reaches an orgasm. In the end, he came on her face and made her all messy and dirty. They were both happy her mom moved out so that they could fuck.