A hot young blonde met a guy online and they agreed to go to the beach for their first date. At first, she seemed all cute and nerdy with geeky glasses and in a conservative outfit. However, the moment they reached the beach things started changing rapidly. The blonde was quick to take all of her clothes off, leaving her in nothing but a skimpy bikini. The fun didn’t stop there as she simply continued stripping and teasing before ending up fully naked in front of the guy. It turned out she was packing quite a large pair of breasts and a round, bubbly ass. Jumping around in the sand all playful and energetic, she was eager to get the guy naked as well. He couldn’t say no to such a dazzling beauty and the couple soon found themselves in their tent. The man was comfortably lying on his back with the date sitting naked in front of him. As the waves hit the shore behind the young blonde, she took her partner’s huge, already hard cock out to tease and stroke it before placing her luscious lips on the shaft. Just seconds later, she was vigorously slobbering all over that big schlong, going deeper with every attempt. Soon enough, she was deepthroating effortlessly, drooling all over the rod. He didn’t know whether to stare at her big, blue eyes, her firm ass, or at the beautiful sea in the back while enjoying one of the best blowjobs of his life. After making that man meat rock hard and all slippery, the blonde turned around to sit on it in a reverse cowgirl. Her pussy was dripping wet and she instantly went balls deep, impaling herself all the way, only to start riding relentlessly.   That large, jiggly butt was bouncing all over as she went up and down on that cock. All he could see was her pussy and her two round buttocks right above him. To spice things up, she started being all kinky. The girl would sit as deep as possible and grind herself off the guy, only to lift that perfect ass up a bit and twerk for his viewing pleasure. The guy couldn’t resist merely watching and he had to grab her behind to pound her even harder. Soon enough, the chick was so horny her pussy started creaming all over his veiny rod. The man ordered her to turn around so we could see everything she had. This time in a cowgirl, her big, natural breasts were jiggling up and down as she rode with even more vigor. The guy couldn’t keep his eyes off of her cute face and her trimmed pussy as he rammed her from underneath. The sight of that made-for-fucking body was amazing. Wanting more control, he stood up and bent the naked girl over on her knees. Her big round ass shouted “take me from behind.” Pounding her from behind, he doggy styled this lavish babe while listening to her moans of pleasure. With the sound of waves in the background and nobody to interrupt them, they fucked in every position imaginable and the girl came numerous times before being filled with cum.