Two young gorgeous couples are friends for a long time. They are all very perverted and realized that they would like to have a foursome together. They decided to do that for Christmas and wanted to make a little roleplay. The girls were wearing red socks, thongs, Christmas sweaters, and horns on their heads. They were both so pretty, and their asses looked fantastic. The guys were naked, but they were hiding in big boxes standing near the Christmas tree. There was a small gap in each box, and through those gaps, the guys took out their hard cocks. Each girl kneeled in front of one box and started sucking the dick, but they didn’t know whose boyfriend is where. The sexy teen girls sucked dicks for a few minutes, after which the boys decided to come out of boxes. It turned out that they guessed whose boyfriend is where, but now they wanted to make a switch. The guys sat on a couch, and the girls kneeled in front of them and started giving the blowjobs again. They took off their sweaters and showed their beautiful breasts since they didn’t wear any bras. The naked girls looked at each other’s eyes with each other’s boyfriend’s cock in their mouth and felt so naughty and filthy. After they finished giving blowjobs, they pulled their thongs aside a little bit and sat on dicks.   They were riding it with their pussies and eventually took off their thongs too. The girls both had delectable tattooed bodies and looked better than most pornstars you can see on the internet. The guys both fondled their tits with one of their hands while used the other to caress their pussies. After these two nasty cowgirls enjoyed their cock ride, they both arched their butts so that they could be fucked in doggy style. Both girls were gripping the sofa as the guys cocks pound into their cunts, fucking them from behind. Unable to contain their lust, both the girls began slamming their cute asses back against the rampaging cocks pummeling into their pussies. They were so horny. Once both of them had their wet pussies fucked, they took the dick straight from their vagina to the mouth and sucked it, tasting their juice. The guys then leaned back on the couch, and each one of these babes licked balls of each other’s boyfriend. The naked girls sucked their cocks and kissed simultaneously. Their pussies were so wet, and the guys’ dicks were so hard. After that, they fucked their horny girlfriends some more and eventually came on their faces. The girls were both so messy with cum while they were kissing each other and licking the cum off each other. It was a perfect ending of a nasty orgy and a Christmas they will never ever forget.