Molly’s husband had a meeting with his boss, which wasn’t going well. He needed to go out, and in the meantime, his wife realized that he was going to get fired. She didn’t want to let that happen, so she decided to do something about it. She joined the boss as he was standing next to the pool. The sneaky wife took off her clothes and jumped into the pool fully naked. Felt like I was watching a Hollywood movie during the seduction by the pool with the incredible music enhancing the mood and she so slow and perfect as she came out of pool. It was played out so realistically. She was teasing the boss with her big tits as she swam around. Naked girl got to him and took his dick out of the pants. That swimming pool scene is a masterpiece, both inside and outside, when she reaches for the guy’s cock and the suck it. Wow! The busty blonde was blowing him when her husband came in. She gave him a nod to join them, and he obliged. He realized he needed to share his wife. His sexy naked wife was blowing the man and he was on his knees licking her pussy from behind. Then she sucked their both cocks. So naturally beautiful and knows exactly how to please a man/men. She was tremendous with two dicks. The boss was fascinated with her amazing tits, so he played with them and kissed them as the hubby started fucking her cunt. She was enjoying the attention from both men. As she was getting nailed by him, the boss shoved his dick into her mouth. He was deepthroating her and the girl loved it. Those massive mams are too good to resist. Love those big naturals on her. That’s the way REAL tits flop. Love the way they manhandled her and how she kept at it being her sweet, gorgeous, big titted self. She did not take a second off the whole scene and the guys did great keeping the babe’s pussy and mouth full and big tits swinging or mauled. The man took turns fucking her and she came a few times. The boss liked it hardcore and she did anything to please him. And she was enjoying it, one great fuck to save the job is a really great deal for this slut. The threesome ended in a lot of cum all over her face and body. 