A hot redhead wanted a baby for a long time. She and her husband had been trying for a long time, but she never got pregnant. Her doctor told her she had small chances, but she didn’t want to give up. She decided to keep trying. And not with her husband anymore. She wanted to take the manner into her hands and she realized what she needed – a black cock! Actually, many black cocks to make sure she would get what she wanted. So that is how this sexy woman started meeting different black guys every night. Sometimes even a few of them on the same night. That way she could make sure that one of them would get her pregnant, but she also had big cocks to fuck the hell out of her. And she needed that as well, as her husband wasn’t good at that either. So she ditched him totally and started meeting the men who were happy to fuck her all hard. How much black seed was being pumped into his wife? Holy fucking shit, this scene is absolute fire. Great storyline, acting and direction. This is good quality filming. Can’t really call it porn, it’s on a different level, almost mainstream with sex. A stunning double feature starring the undisputable new Queen of Porn, Maitland Ward, and two of the best male performers alive? A film oozing with dirty kink and lust? Maitland is simply the best porn performer I have ever seen. Seeing this sexy babe go cum-hungry and taking it as hard as two black men can give it is exactly why I am a Blacked customer. She really looks good with a big black cock. Nothing is hotter than women who really enjoys it. A black guy got to her place and she attacked him as soon as he entered. His dick was already hard, and she was fascinated by its size. She couldn’t put the whole dick in her mouth. She was fucking him until he came, filling her vagina up with his black seed, but she needed another round. She went to a bar and seduced a waiter. She took another black dude home and let him do her so hard. That guy was unstoppable and he fucked her all night long. He liked rough fucking and her pussy needed that exactly. He came inside her a few times, and the lady was very pleased. Damn! Maitland performs like no other. So sexy/incredibly beautiful, nasty/naughty, and the scenario for this puts this one into orbit. This may well set the bar for all others, and bring some awards! Nothing hotter than a double breeding session! 