A breathtaking brunette MILF was feeling all horny and willing for holidays but her husband apparently wasn’t going to make it home. Curvy and beautiful, the babe was relaxing on her sofa in the sexiest and the skimpiest red Christmas lingerie and striking high heels as someone else suddenly came through the front door. Surprised, the hottie quickly grabbed a blanket to cover herself as her husband’s brother explained how her husband was supposed to announce him. He sat on the couch next to the brother’s wife and that’s when she decided to seize the opportunity. The MILF moved the blanket away exposing her breathtaking body to the man who gasped in awe. To take things further, the MILF went to the Christmas tree and grabbed a present for him. Still confused, the guy unwrapped a gift to discover a shiny butt plug! To show him how it works, the hottie turned around and slowly inserted the toy in her tight asshole!!! That was enough to get them both going so when the chick turned around and went to pull the man’s rock hard cock out, he had nothing to say against it. Just seconds later, hot MILF was using her spit to lube the shaft up before placing her wet lips on it. The man thoughtfully held her luscious hair as she went up and down, trying to swallow as much of that veiny rod as possible. Stroking the dick with one hand, she was giving her husband’s brother the blowjob of his life before they switched positions.   The sexy housewife was now on all fours, sucking that throbbing schlong with an even bigger passion. At one point, when he couldn’t resist anymore, he grabbed the back of her head and pounded her throat, making the babe choke on his size. To return the favor and make her pussy dripping wet, the guy went between her legs to give her sloppy and erotic pussy and ass licking. He was soon making her scream in pleasure and that was his queue to take things further. As the naked woman spread her legs far and wide and held them firmly, he entered her aching cherry from the front and started railing the babe balls deep. Every now and then, he’d pull out and bring the shaft to her face to make her lick it up and down before going back to fucking her brains out. Then, in the heat of the moment, the stud pulled his meat out of that wet cunt and placed the tip next to the babe’s tight asshole. Her eyes and mouth widened in surprise as he started going in. It wasn’t long before he was anal banging his brother’s wife while listening to her screams of pleasure. It was a long and vigorous missionary anal before they changed positions. The beautiful naked woman took it in her ass from behind like a champ and even rode the dick like a cowgirl. She was dripping wet, both her holes lubricated by the love juice coming out of her pussy. He pulled his cock from her ass and pushed it balls deep into her pussy and watched her shiver as she arched her back like an alley cat wiggling her impeccable ass at him teasing him to re enter her. He went from her pussy to her ass and back again. She shivered expecting him to enter her hot tight holes. He came a few times before being rewarded with loads of cum. Merry Christmas!