Avery and Kenna are as close to perfection as can be. These two young beauties have slender bodies, perfect tits in size and shape, gently rounded hips, firm butts and sweet tempting pussies. Together they make this scene one of the hottest in a long time. The guy was totally up for the task and he didn’t need any persuasion. His cock was always ready to fulfill any girl’s needs. The girls were very horny and they wanted to make sure the guy’s dick will last long for both of them. He got on the bed and the beautiful naked girls started blowing his cock. They were blowing it together while also playing with his balls. When the girls got to the head they flicked their tongues all around it before kissing with the head of his cock caught between their lips. He enjoyed the view of two hot blondes giving him all the attention he wanted. His dick was big and while they were blowing it, the girls were only thinking about how it would destroy their cunts. And it was time for one of them to go first. Hot naked girl sat over the guy and put her dick inside her pink pussy. It was wet and eager to have this hard stick inside it. As she was taking her ride, her friend was grabbing her ass and enjoying the view. She would slap her as she was waiting for her turn. Hot blonde sat on the guy’s face to have her pussy licked. Just imagine two hot naked girls cumming all over your face and your cock! He gave her a nice intro for what she was about to get next. The other girl was finished with her ride, so this blonde could finally sit on her throne. The hot brunette Avery who gets her wet pussy filled from behind in doggystyle in a long sequence is magnificent. And we get to completely revel in blonde Kena’s perfekt smooth pussy when she rides the cock in reverse cowgirl. He was moving his throbbing cock from mouth to pussy to mouth to pussy, from one babe to the other. He gave the girls the ultimate pleasure and they got their wet present which they came there for. At the end of this hot threesome fuck, the cumshot on Kenna’s smooth pussy and belly and Avery who with visible pleasure licks her clean, smoking HOT! 