A cute naked girl was in the shower, enjoying herself and getting all soaped up. This petite brunette was caressing her tight body, feeling herself up, and fondling those perky tits and a firm, bubbly ass when her stepbrother snuck inside. Without her noticing, he went to the toilet and oiled the lid up to prank the girl. He left the chick all by herself and strolled out. Having finished her bathing, the cutie sat on the board only to get her ass and thighs all messy. She instantly knew who was behind all that so she headed to the stepbrother’s room. The guy was on the bed, lying down, unaware that the hottie was slowly stripping at his door. The moment she ended up fully naked, the mischievous stepsister jumped on her brother’s bed, straddling him and putting those tight, shaved holes right into his face! Stunned in surprise, the young dude had nothing to say as his stepsister twerked her pussy and ass above his face. Her entire ass was coated in what looked and felt exactly like cum. Enraged, she enacts her “revenge” on him by taking charge and having him clean her off in the shower. Then in the bedroom the young naked girl pushed him onto the bed, pulled his shorts down and took his already rock hard boner out. His sister placed her luscious lips on the shaft. Her hand grabbed the base of that throbbing dick and she immediately started deepthroating.   The teen’s pretty face was going up and down as she was slobbering all over her stepbro’s schlong. Wanting to give him the best blowjob of his life, she went for the balls as well. Licking and kissing them all over, the cutie was making sure the guy’s meat was all wet and slippery from such an intense oral. At one point, she sat on the guy’s face, never stopping with dick sucking. Now, they were having a steamy sixty-nine, simultaneously pleasuring each other and getting themselves ready for more. A lot more pussy licking and deepthroating later, and the naked girl was now on her back, her legs were spread, and she was taking the stepbrother’s cock in her shaved snatch. With one of her legs on his shoulder, the guy was ramming her balls deep from the front, making the girl moan and scream in pleasure. Losing her mind with horniness, the chick was rubbing herself and begging her step brother for more. That was just the beginning and his kinky sister was only getting started. From missionary pounding, the babe turned on her knees and she was now taking it from behind. Firmly holding the young ass of his lustful teen babe, the guy was now ramming her doggy style, making sure he was hitting her as deep as possible. One long and intense doggy styling later, and the stepsister was now looking to be in control. Mounting the guy again, this time like a slutty cowgirl, she sat on that rod and started twerking. Her cute butt was going up and down before she turned around to proceed in a reverse cowgirl until a cum explosion.