While most of my friends got married, I still remained single. When my friends ask me why I always tell them that I don’t want to settle down and that I can’t get enough of meeting gorgeous teenage babes and having wild sex with someone new. A few days before Christmas, I told my friends that I have a fantasy about having sex with two girls at the same time, and they used that to give me the best Christmas present I ever got. They brought me two giant boxes, put them near the Christmas tree, and left, and when I came back, two gorgeous babes jumped out of them. One of them was blonde, and the other one was Asian. They were both adorable, tiny, and wearing naughty Santa lingerie, with stockings and everything. As a warm-up, the Asian girl started licking the blonde’s pussy, and a few minutes later, she returned the favor. The girls took off their panties and started scissoring in front of me, and they were both so horny and voluptuous. Two the wettest pussies were slapping together making sloppy sounds. The naked girls moved their hips up and down so their clits were sliding over each other humping hard and fast. The girls literally were cumming all over each other. Once they had their show, it was time to please me. I took off my pants, and my cock was hard as a rock. Two young naked girls kneeled in front of me and started giving me a blowjob that can only be seen in porn movies. One of them was sucking my dick, the other one was licking my balls, and they were both spitting on it and licking the spit. It was so fucking gorgeous. When I had enough of the blowjob, I lay on my back, and the Asian chick sat on my dick and started riding it with her pussy. The blonde was rubbing her clit to make her hornier than she is.   I could not hold back any longer and came with a fury in her! My cock was pulsating with cum in her tight teen pussy so hard that her legs were shaking. I could feel her vagina milking my cock. A thick white gob of cum fell out of her. Her crazy friend wanted my cum in her pussy as well. She just grabbed my still hard cock and pushed it in her cunt. She began to cum instantly screaming out how good it felt, how she wanted my cum in her pussy, and to fuck her harder. Her cunt tightened around my thrusting cock as I came again, filling another pussy. There was lots of cum, as it began to drip out of her pussy, squeezed between my cock and her pussy lips. Once she had her cock ride, the nasty Asian babe sucked my dick again, together with her blonde friend. After that, the blonde chick rode my dick, and the Asian again, and then the blonde again, etc. The girls were taking turns on my cock like it was a restless horse. A little later, the Asian babe arched in a doggy style position so that I could fuck her from behind. I kept slamming my cock into her churning my cum till it began to pump out of her pussy and drip down her thighs. I fucked the tiny girl rough and hard, cumming in her, and then the blonde one in the same position too. Cum squirted out of their cunts. When the cum sluts felt I couldn’t cum anymore they got in front of my dick with their mouths opened and tongues out. I came all over their faces, and the girls licked it all off each other. They swallowed it like two whores.