Two beautiful young lesbian babes live together for a few months already. The girls love each other very much, and this was supposed to be their first Christmas since they live together, so they were both very excited. One of them wanted to decorate the Christmas tree as a surprise for her girlfriend. However, she got tangled in Christmas lights, and her girlfriend came and saw her like that. Her girlfriend has blue hair, and she came wearing very slutty blue lingerie. The girls started kissing, and very soon, it led to taking their clothes off. They were so horny that they both tangled themselves with Christmas lights on purpose and then made love like that. Babe with blue hair tenderly licked the length of her girlfriend’s pussy, parting the lips with her tongue. Then she began sucking on her pussy, paying close attention to her clit. Her lesbian girlfriend couldn’t wait her turn to shove her tongue deep into her pussy, gently sucking at her lips, making her cum in her mouth. The naked girls both pleased each other with adorable pussy licking, and they both have so beautiful shaved pussies. The girls kissed each other’s feet, tummies, necks, etc. They are both beautiful and have stunning slim bodies. The teen lesbains enjoyed scissoring each other while lying naked on the floor near the Christmas tree, and the brunette was so horny that she literally bite the Christmas lights while that happened. They also enjoyed licking each other’s ass holes. The brunette is slightly more submissive than the girl with the blue hair, and she especially adores licking her girlfriend’s butt hole because it makes her feel so dirty and naughty, and that turns her on a lot. The young naked girls had fantastic lesbian sex, and when they finally tangled out of the Christmas lights, they lighted some candles and went to spend a romantic erotic evening in the bathtub together. There is where the party continued since they started drinking champagne and let their passion lead them. Of course, it led them to have another nasty, insane lesbian sex. 