This pair of hot babes have an insatiable lust for anal pleasure. An exotic brunette and a dazzling blonde put on their sexiest, red lingerie, barely covering those hard nipples and tight holes. With their sugar daddy being absent to satisfy those perverted needs, the girls resorted to inviting two of his assistants. The men went to the bedroom and, after a bit of teasing and seducing, the foursome was about to begin. The guys found themselves on the bed, laying with their pants down while two hotties slobbered all over them with passion. The sounds of wet sucking and rough deepthroating echoed the room as the sexy girls made those massive, rock hard schlongs all slippery. Taking control over, men would grab babes’ luscious hair and fuck their throats vigorously, making the ladies gag and choke. Then, out of nowhere, the hotties swapped. Harder than ever, the girls now continued with blowjobs, making sure they all tried each other. That intense oral foreplay was more than enough to get them all going so the foursome quickly escalated. Just moments later, the cuties were on top of the guys, spreading their legs and anal riding in a reverse cowgirl. Fat cocks were going balls deep inside those tight assholes as two naked girls screamed next to each other, begging for more. Those asses with the gapes are damned hot. I love the matching red hot lingerie and matching gaping pussies and assholes. The guys soon picked up the pace and were now ramming those bubbly butts relentlessly. After being stretched to their absolute limits, the girls finally stood up, wanting a change of pace and positions. The exotic brunette was the first to go on her back and take a pounding while the blonde watched before they swapped. From there on out, there was no stopping these four. Both their lovely bodies and nice holes reamed by the boys with delicious gapings. They tried out every position and the girls even got double penetrated into multiple intense, screaming orgasms. What an awesome anal foursome! 