My stepsister is a hot girl but she has little experience in fucking. She wants to learn how to do it properly, but she has no one to practice with. Of course she is too shy to ask her mom how to have sex with boys. She approaches me as her older brother and asks me for my advice. I can only tell her practice makes perfect and I decide to use the opportunity to fuck the shit out of her. I offer myself to be her sex teacher and get her to learn how to give a good blowjob. The girl accepts and she wants to start immediately so she can learn everything there is. And she can’t think of anyone who could teach her better. And she has always had a little crush on me, so she accepts the deal happily. My sis takes me to the bedroom. There she slowly peels off her tight pants revealing her juicy ass inch by inch until it is lowered below her cheeks. She has an amazing booty. Her feminine figure is almost perfect in every way. My naked sister gets on her knees in front of me and takes my cock put. She is fascinated by its size and she opens her mouth to start blowing it. I guide her through as I get eager to put it inside her teen cunt. I tell her to get on the bed and turn around. Her pussy is so wet and shaved only for me. I get behind her and push my hard cock inside this wet pussy. It feels so good and I can’t wait to tell all my friends how slutty my stepsis is.   She moans as I nail her from behind. She has the perfect ass and I have a good view of it as I penetrate her cunt. She becomes really loud and we have to stop as we hear somebody coming. I leave her and decide to leave it for another day. A few days have passed and one morning, I come to the bathroom where I find her fully naked playing with a vibrator. She admits she never had an orgasm and I decide to help her. We get to her room and she spreads her legs for me. I start eating her pussy and she enjoys my licking skills. She screams as I give her the best satisfaction she ever had. My sister starts cumming almost immediately as I am lapping at her pussy. She gets me so aroused every time I see her and I cannot control myself. I want to hit that pussy so hard. I take my dick out and start fucking her like a whore. She loves my dick and she soon starts to scream so loudly. She grabs her tits as I fuck her like nobody ever did. My balls are so full and I soon let all my jizz out on her bald pussy. I made her addicted to my cock and every time she feels horny, she comes to me. I think I have created my own sex doll! One day she wouldn’t even go to a party with her boyfriend, instead, she comes to my room, asking me to fuck the shit out of her one more time. I only hope mom and dad don’t catch us…