One day, I was hiking in the woods alone. I like to do that because it clears my mind and allows me to release all the stress. However, the thing that happened to me then definitely helped me release the stress better than anything else I did before. I was walking down the road when I spotted a gorgeous topless babe. She wore nothing except her sneakers and thongs, literally. I got really horny, so I hid behind the tree to watch her. To my pleasant surprise, she pulled her thongs tightly between her pussy lips then pulled them to one side and started masturbating! She was obviously an exhibitionist and wanted to please herself in the woods. With one hand, she massaged her breasts, rolling her nipples between her thumb and forefinger. The girl had an amazing pair of boobs and a perfect ass to match. I took out my cock too and started jerking it while watching her. While I was doing it, I accidentally step on a twig, so she heard me. The naked girl came towards me and asked me if I was a pervert, which was pretty ironic since she was naked in the woods in front of me. I apologized, but once she saw my hard cock, she got flattered that she turned me on. When she got closer, I saw that she is not some particular beauty, but her body is outstanding.   Anyway, a few seconds later, she was down on her knees with my dick in her mouth. She sucked it well and then gave me a nice titjob, too, stroking my cock with her gorgeous boobs. It was amazing. In fact, I’d never had sex outdoors. We went on the blanket, and I lay on my back. The naked girl sat on my dick and rode it while I enjoyed watching her going up and down from the back and spanked her ass. She even spanked herself to show me how horny and nasty she is. As I said she had an amazing ass and perky tits. Watching her pushing her big ass up and down made my dick throb. It was the perfect example of a big bubble butt. The fact that she had a small waist made her ass look that much bigger. She leaned up over me so her boobs were in my face. She rode me hard, bouncing and rocking her hips, repeatedly impaling herself on my shaft. He was slamming her pussy down on my cock, as I watched her tits shake each time she went up and down. All I could think about was her huge tits bouncing in my face. I fucked her in the doggy style, too, and pulled her hair while her naked tits were bouncing back and forth. We were both fully naked in the woods, and the feeling was fantastic. We felt so wild and free. She was so perverted, so she asked me if I would like to cum on her face. No one has ever done it to me before, and the feeling was so good that I came too fast, yet not too fast for her to “catch” the cum with her tongue. She was all wet and sticky. Without a doubt, that was my best day in nature ever. I discovered that I really liked having sex outdoors.