A security officer caught this chick in a hijab, more precisely in a niqab, and brought her to the backroom, suspecting she stole from the store. Upon conducting a strip search, he saw that she was a young blonde hottie with an equally sexy body. Not just that but the guard was right as she had a bunch of stolen expensive lingerie hiding underneath. The girl immediately started with the excuses but the man had to take pictures and was obliged to call the police. Willing to do anything to get away, the sexy blonde babe followed his instructions. Soon enough, she was stripping down to her bra and underwear. He was being thorough, which meant the cutie ended up nude. Staring at that slim figure with perky tits and a shaved pussy, the officer offered to let the babe go if she satisfies him. She was reluctant for a couple of seconds but soon opened her mouth for his his fat dick. And there she was, fully naked, sucking some man’s dirty prick with evident disgust. She had the fear of the man was going to cum in her mouth. But a couple of seconds of sucking wasn’t going to cut it. That’s how the cutie found herself on the knees, being face fucked rough. Her tiny mouth could barely fit that big schlong but she was doing her best. Then, just like that, the guard bent the naked girl over the table and shoved his member all the way inside her pink pussy! The girl had no choice but to let him do whatever he wants to keep herself out of trouble. He was going slowly but firmly, ramming her little pussy doggy style. Wanting to feel her in every way possible, she turned the shoplifter on her back, spread her slim legs, and took her from the front. Her perky tits were bouncing back and forth as the man picked up the pace. After pounding her into multiple orgasms, he rewarded the hottie with a massive creampie. She couldn’t believe he came in her! So many boys before him had wanted her to let them cum in her pussy, but she never did. She had just allowed some stranger to cum inside of her and now his sticky sperm was leaking out of her vagina. 