It is Christmas and time to open the presents. A stunning brunette has her Santa Clause uniform ready and she is so eager to open the presents. She goes to the tree and finds a load of gifts. But little does she know that another present is waiting for her. Her boyfriend is filming as she is unwrapping the gifts. He gets so horny as she watches her in that naughty uniform with a red thong between her ass cheeks. His dick gets so hard and all he thinks about is getting it inside the girl. He unzips the pants and lets the cock out. His girlfriend is up for a hot ride on it. She hasn’t even opened the rest of the presents. She now only wants his dick and nothing else. She opens her mouth and puts the big dick inside it. His girlfriend loves his dick inside her mouth and she can’t wait to get it inside her cunt as well. She sucks his balls and plays with them as the cock becomes bigger and bigger. Her pussy is getting so wet and she is eager to get it a present of its own. She takes off her sexy red thongs and turns around. She sits on the boyfriend’s cock and starts riding it. It is so big and hard only for her. And it feels so good inside her hungry pussy. The guy grabs her big bubble ass as she continues her ride. She turns around so he can have a good look at her tits. They are natural and he loves to look at them jumping as she goes up and down his cock. And his hot girlfriend sure knows how to give and enjoy her ride. She moans as his dick makes the pussy go so wet. It is the perfect way to begin a new year, happy and satisfied. She is a big fan of the doggy style, so she turns around and the boyfriend gets behind her. He slowly pushes his dick inside the pussy, before he starts hitting it hard. She can’t help but scream as he fucks her like a whore. This is the best fuck they have had recently and they are both enjoying it immensely. He starts going hardcore and she enjoys it so much. He is about to give her the wettest present of them all. His balls are so full and he can’t wait to let all that out on her. And she loves facials, so she takes the dick into her hands and strokes it until she gets the white cream out of it. It gets all over her face and the girl’s mouth turns into a big cum smile. It is her favorite present this year and all she can now think about is starting a new round that will also have a happy finish. 