A young, slutty tattooed girl enjoys playing dirty games with people. She has a boyfriend who she likes to fuck, but she is so slutty that she also flirts with his perverted stepdad. Once she realized that he is into her, she started cheating on her boyfriend with him. One day, while he was talking with his stepson, he realized that she means nothing to him and that he is with her solely because she is so filthy and does everything in bed. He decided to confess that she fucks him too, and since they are both so perverted, and she is so slutty, they decided to give her a surprise one day. She has a fetish to fuck her boyfriend’s stepdad right after she finishes fucking him, and the old pervert knew that. They decided that her boyfriend should invite her for sex, and then, when she comes to fuck his stepdad, he should join from behind. They did exactly as they agreed. The guy invited his girlfriend over, and as soon as she got the call, she told his stepdad that she would be at their house that day, wanting to fuck. She came to her boyfriend’s room, and he was already waiting for her with his cock being hard. She started sucking it like the nasty girl that she is and let him fuck her throat with his hard dick. After a nice blowjob, he took off her pants and put her on her back so that he could lick her hairy pussy. With his mouth on her clit and his tongue in her pussy she was cumming like a fountain. She has a nice piercing in her pussy, and once she got it licked, she was ready to take the cock. Sexy naked girl was riding his dick, twerking her bubbly ass, while he sucked the nipples on her beautiful big tits.   After a nice cock ride, she gave him a titjob and a blowjob again, and he felt really great while she was stroking his cock, pressing it from both sides with her gorgeous soft tits. Hot babe then sat on the dick again and rode it while he was rubbing her clit. Faster and faster, harder and harder, he dove into her until her entire body was being thrust about, her breasts were bouncing hard up and down on her chest. His balls were slapping hard against her clit and she was cumming nonstop now. He kept thrusting into her as hard as he could during her orgasm. His girlfriend begged him to cum, to cover her with his sperm. He came all over her tits, and once he was done, she told him that she has to go to the bathroom to clean herself up. She walked out of his room naked with cum on her tits and went directly to his stepdad, who was waiting for her patiently. As soon as she walked in, she started sucking his cock. She made it hard really fast, and then she got on the bed wating him to cum in her pussy. While he was banging her in the doggy style, his son came from behind and came all over her face! A surprise facial shocked her at first. His girlfriend didn’t know that they are both so freaky that they would actually want to fuck her together at the same time. From that day on, they had regular threesomes and did a lot of nasty things.