This guy has just been left by his girlfriend and he is having the shittiest day ever. He goes home all sad and down. But his stepsister is happy to learn the news and she has a way to make his day much better. His sexy stepsis has always had a crush on him and every time she masturbates, she only thinks of him. Finally, the day has come where she can get him all to herself. She is feeling horny and uses the opportunity to seduce him. She invites him to sit down in front of her to show him something. The sexy blonde teen gets her top off and gets her big tits out. She starts grabbing them, tempting the guy, as he enjoys looking at them. His sister has the best boobs in the high school, the best tits he has ever seen! They are soft and plump, with hard nipples. She gets her hands on her pussy and starts playing with it in front of his step brother. It is freshly shaved and wet. He gets so aroused as he watches her play in front of him. His cock is telling him ‘Yes, yes! Fuck that hot bitch! Rail her pussy and make her scream! Rip off her clothes and feast on those big, succulent tits of hers. Cover her with cum!’ Her fingers rush over her clitoris and her pussy becomes even wetter. Blonde teen slut looks at him invitingly and he can’t help but pull out his hard throbbing cock out. He only needs to fuck another girl to forget his ex. The sister gives him the perfect opportunity and he decides to grab it. He takes the dick out and approaches the blonde. Her legs are wide open and he pushes the cock inside her warm pussy. It is so tight and it makes his cock go crazy. Soft, plump lips close around his shaft.   He starts gently and the sister starts moaning already. She has been waiting to try out his cock for ages and it feels so good inside her small cunt. Sexy naked blonde turns around so he can get behind her. He starts nailing her from behind, watching her plump ass sliding back and forth along the length of his long penis. His slutty sister even reaches back and cups her hands over each of her round ass cheeks, spreading her ass to give him a good view on her pink asshole. He is so angry at his ex and he uses all that anger to give his sis the best fuck she has ever had. His dick is already good to go, so he cums over her lovely pussy. He goes inside and makes her a nice creampie. There’s no better than cum dripping out of a beautiful pussy! She is hungry for more and she takes him to the bedroom so he can fuck her more. Her pussy is all covered in his jizz and the guy starts another round. The blonde gets in her favorite doggy style and he continues fucking her as the sperm drops from her pussy. And this girl is unstoppable. She never wants him to stop, even after he sprinkled her a few times. They keep fucking and he cums inside her cunt a few more times. She even snaps a few photos with his cum all over her big tits for his ex girlfriend. After that day, they started fucking every day, all the time. The slutty girl attacked him every time she felt horny. And the stepbro was always ready to make her satisfied and happy with his hot cum in her pussy, in her mouth or on her boobs. And she was a much better fuck than his lame ex-girlfriend.