I’ve heard a bell run one day and opened my door to this beautiful, young blonde hottie. She was my son’s friend. He wasn’t there at the time and I was more than happy to let the cutie in. She asked me to take a shower after her workout and I pointed her towards the bathroom. Seeing her curvy body in those tight clothes, I couldn’t help but spy on the girl as she stripped and went into the shower. I’ve never seen such a beautiful young girl. The water ran down her gorgeous tits. She got them nice and soapy. My son’s beautiful naked girlfriend was fondling her big breasts and her bubbly ass while caressing herself all over and that’s when I finally caved in. I had to join her! In a hurry, I took my clothes off and came to her naked under the excuse of saving water by showering together. She was stunned at first but seemed to have slowly accepted the situation. And that’s when the girl actually surprised me. The hottie came clean about how she saw me spying on her. On top of that, she was feeling horny and simply grabbed my already erect cock. Her hand was warm and soft. My cock jerked immediate. I wanted so much to reach down and kiss her on her sexy lips and feel her soft tits with my hands, I was so hard I could cum with just one touch of hers. She had a flat tummy, a bubbly ass and nice tits. With that pair of lovely hands stroking my shaft, we started making out in the shower. The fun continued in the living room where the naked blonde ended up on her knees, deepthroating me vigorously. My schlong was hitting the back of her throat as the cutie made sure it was all wet and slippery. Not long after, the babe mounted me like a horny cowgirl and I started ramming her on the couch. Her tits were bouncing up and down as I was pounding that smoothly shaved, pink pussy. Her juices dripped down her inner thighs like a river and every thrust of my dick against her bubbly ass sent my balls slapping against her clit. One position after the other, I fucked her brains out into many intense orgasms before rewarding my son’s friend with a cumshot. 