A curvaceous and beautiful, this brunette MILF had her eye on a young and handsome pool boy. She quickly figured out how to start a conversation. In no time, the babe was in her kitchen wearing the sexiest, black, see-through lingerie. Her pair of massive tits were about to pop out any second as she started squeezing lemons to make a refreshing beverage for the guy. With her hard nipples poking through the fabric and almost nothing covering those mesmerizing curves, the mommy called the pool boy inside for a break. All horny and clumsy, the brunette started flaunting her voluptuous body in front of the boy and it wasn’t long before her advances started getting serious. Soon enough, the lady took the younger pool boy to the bedroom. She sat him on the edge of the bed and bared her huge breasts. Without waiting, she pushed those right in front of his face and the guy started slobbering all over them. The MILF was talking dirty and moaning in pleasure while having her nipples licked and boobs kissed by a horny teenager. A few moments later, and the MILF was now straddling him, sitting with her trimmed pussy on the dude’s mouth. Moaning louder than before, the sexy woman was grinding herself off of him, making sure he ate her all up. The longer he was licking that aching pussy, the harder her hips moved as she was getting hornier by the second. She was bucking her hips and smearing her pussy all over his face and in his mouth. Unable to wait any longer, and willing to return the favor, the MILF finally pulled herself away from that wet pussy licking and pulled his big, throbbing cock out. Her lustful tongue immediately started going up and down the shaft, before her lips closed around the shaft. She loves sex, she loves nice, juicy, young cocks.   The MILF’s head was now vigorously going up and down as she swallowed that schlong whole, eager to feel every inch of it. Keeping the dong between her large melons, the brunette made sure that rock hard boner was all slippery and ready for her pulsating cunt. That’s when the hottie mounted the pool boy like a slutty cowgirl, sitting on his raging hardon balls deep. Without wasting a second, she started impaling herself relentlessly, riding the guy like there’s no tomorrow. Her moans of pleasure were turning into perverted screams as she jumped up and down in ecstasy. Her boobs were close to his face. She pressed them together with her hands and smashed her breast into his face. What teen boy doesn’t dream of having sex with a MILF whose charms and experience take him to places he never thought of. Taking control over, the pool boy grabbed that big, bubbly ass firmly and started pounding from underneath. Seductive screams of pleasure filled the entire house as the beautiful naked woman was having her pink cherry drilled and stretched. That’s when they started changing positions. The woman lied on the side and spread those mesmerizing legs wide for the pool boy to take her from the side. His big dick was going all the way inside her snatch as he was squeezing and fondling those big tits, making the homeowner lose her mind in pleasure. There’s no telling how many times she came, moaning and screaming, before finally taking that big load from his big, young, full balls.