A beautiful babe came for some private lessons one day. Once she got to her private tutor’s house, she took off her shoes and walked in barefoot. They sat at the table, and he started tutoring her, sitting vis-a-vis to her. At one point, she accidentally knocked the pencils box, so she got down to pick them up. However, once she got to the floor, she realized that her teacher has his pants unzipped. Embarrassed he tried to zip up his fly but the girl’s scarf got stuck in his zipper! She tried to free her scarf and suddenly her teacher’s cock fell out of his pants! She ended up on her hands and knees in front of her teacher’s big fat cock! Teen girl didn’t felt uncomfortable at all, on the contrary. When the teacher saw that she is smiling, he didn’t felt like tutoring anymore. He took her hand and put it on his dick, and his cock became hard immediately, even though he still didn’t take off his pants. The girl took out the dick and started sucking the head first then taking a few inches of his shaft into her mouth. That little slut was giving her teacher a nasty blowjob right in his house! She is not that good at studying, but she has a natural talent for sucking cocks. She was sticking the dick down her deep throat until she gagged and drolled all over his balls. He then squeezed her pretty face with his hand and held her like that until she took every last piece of clothes off herself. When the girl got naked, he put her on the table, and her pussy lips were swollen and wet. He smashed that warm, tight, swollen pussy like never before. She enjoyed having his big, hard cock deep into her little hole, and, at the same time, she enjoyed having her tits and face slapped. The thick hard base of his cock pummeled her swollen pussy lips like a jack hammer. She felt so slutty and adored being fucked by a mature man. He nailed her teen pussy hard and then made her suck his cock for some more. Eventually, she ended up naked on her knees, licking his balls and waiting for the cumshot. He came all over her pretty face and made her messy. 