Two beautiful teen girls are good friends. Their brothers hang out together too, so it could be said that they are all family friends. One day, the girls came home to find their brothers being absolute slobs. The boys were home and played video games, all messy with chocolate. Their T-shirts were ruined, so the girls decided to clean that for them. They invited the boys to the bathroom and told them to take their clothes off. Once the boys got naked and the girls saw their cocks, they couldn’t stop thinking about them. The girls confessed their attraction to each other’s brother and made a plan to switch and seduce them. Since they were both very kinky and perverted, they let one thing lead to another, so very soon, they all ended up on a couch in a living room. The boys sat back while their sisters got on their knees and started giving them a blowjob. While they were sucking their dicks, they occasionally looked at each other and smiled. Once the girls gave them a blowjob, they took off their clothes and sat on their dicks. Two busty naked girls were riding them with their pussies and shaking their cute tits while doing it. The boys enjoyed spanking their gorgeous asses while having the girls on their dicks. One of the girls was blonde, and the other one was brunette.   At one point, the blonde went off the cock and stood in a doggy style position so that her friend’s brother could bang her from behind. While she was getting fucked from behind, she licked her friend’s ass hole while she was riding her brother’s dick. One dude looked down at his naked sister and couldn’t believe that his friend fucked her like a whore while his own sister was riding him.  After that, both naked girls got fucked from behind. Four big tits were swinging beneath them while they were being fucked. The boys started moving their hips harder and harder and the girls both came at the same time. Then the girls lay on their back on the couch, keeping their faces next to each other. While the boys were fucking their pussies in a missionary position, the girls gently kissed and cuddled their hair. Their boobs were bouncing on their chests and the girls were squeezing them together for each other’s brother. They felt so sweet, but yet so dirty at the same time. Their pussies were so wet, and they got incredibly horny. The boys were in heaven. The girls were sucking their dicks, their hairy balls, and riding their cocks together. Finally, the boys came all over their pretty faces and made their sisters so messy with cum. The naughty girls then licked the cum off each other and swapped between their mouths a few times. Once they shared it fairly, they swallowed it.