By far this was the best way ever to break out of the “Friendzone”. My friend came to my house to study for one day. She was sitting at the desk while I leaned back on a couch. She looked so sexy in her schoolgirl uniform. At one point, she heard me taking a picture of her. When she asked me why I did that, I told her that it is because she is so cute. We started talking, and she confessed to me that she really likes me. I said that I have the same feelings towards her, but I never said anything because I didn’t want to ruin our friendship, plus she has a boyfriend. She told me that things with her boyfriend are not that good right now and that she would rather be with me, and then pulled up her T-shirt and showed me her beautiful breasts! She didn’t wear any bra. I was staring at her tits, they were plump and round. Now, with her tits out, she made a move towards me to kiss me full on the lips. Our tongues began to explore each other. With each kiss getting more passionate, she slowly sat into my lap. My hands slid underneath her skirt reaching up to her very full ass cheeks. We both got so turned on that I took out my dick, and she was happy to put it in her mouth and start sucking it. My sexy friend alternated between looking at my eyes and my cock. She gave me a fantastic blowjob, after which we wanted to move to the next level. However, right before I stuck my dick into her pussy, she told me that she would rather have me fuck her ass hole! She said that she never took it in the ass before but that she wants to do it now because her boyfriend didn’t like anal.   She arched back in the doggy style pose, and I pulled up her skirt. She didn’t wear any panties too. Within a moment I was staring at the most beautiful ass I had ever seen. I’ve never seen an ass like that. I stared down at her two round buttocks and my cock was throbbing with the temptation. I put some spit on her cute butt hole, and stuck it inside. It went in very smoothly, just as if she was taking it in the ass many times by now. I stood there for a moment enjoying the feeling of her asshole grasping my dick and the look of her perfect ass cheeks spread out. I fucked her big bubble ass in the doggy style, and it was so exciting for both of us. She had a small heart tattoo on her right ass cheek, which made her ass and her in general look even cuter. After I fucked her in the doggy style, she lay on her back, spread her legs, put her feet high up in the air, and let me bang her in a missionary pose. Her pussy was trimmed and so wet, but neither of us wanted regular sex. We just wanted anal. However, she rubbed her clit while having her ass hole fucked, because she was insanely horny. After that, she took off her T-shirt and sat on my dick with her butt hole. Her gorgeous naked tits were bouncing up and down as she was riding the cock with her ass like a wild nasty cowgirl. I was spanking her booty while fucking her, feeling her asshole clench tightly around my cock. ‘Cum in my ass, baby! I want to feel your hot cum fill up my ass! Cum for me! Fuck me! YES!’ It was all the encoragement I needed. I was cumming in her! I was ejaculating in her ass. My cum dripping out of her sexy ass down her thighs after we had anal sex is sooo hot!