This man has been married a long time and occasionally, he cheats on his wife. His marriage is boring and he seeks additional fun. He was reckless and his daughter in law caught him. She found texts from his lover and came up to his house to confront him. He was confused and she was persistent. At first she threatened to tell everything to his wife but then we understand that not everything is so simple. That sexy Ebony babe was a slut as well and ever since she met him, she wanted to fuck him. She was only waiting for a perfect opportunity and now she had it. He soon realized what she wanted. He lifted her top and began kissing her tits all over. He started kissing and sucking on her tits while stroking her pussy with one hand. The girl jumped on the kitchen counter and spread her legs. He ripped her pantyhose and revealed a young and black pussy. He was so eager to get a taste of it, so he got on his knees and started eating it. It was so warm and soft. And it was becoming wetter. She watched him pulling her labia open and running his fingers over her wet flesh. He was rubbing her pussy so hard and fast it looked like he was trying to start a fire. He was playing with her cunt, slapping it and rubbing it until it was drooling. His cock was so hard and he needed to put it inside her mouth. She got down and started blowing his mature dick. He was deepthroating her as she was on the floor. All he wanted was to push it in her pussy.   She lifted her leg on the kitchen counter and he got behind her. He was fucking her deeply and her pussy was squirting. He gave her an orgasm and she wanted more. His half naked daughter in law got up and he started whipping her ass as juice was dripping from her cunt. She loved it and he came to her and sucked the juice. He slapped her ass and started eating it. She loved how he could treat her like a whore. They wanted another round of hot pounding so he wrapped her hair around his fist and slammed his hard throbbing dicl balls deep into her from behind. The girl moaned hard, enjoying the feeling of being completely manipulated by him. He bucked his hips driving into her deep. He fucked her pussy and fingered her ass. Her father in law fucked her so much better than her husband ever did. She was moving her hips pushing her backside into him, matching his thrusts. He thrust into her deep pulling her hair hard and clutching her hip. They fucked around the house the whole afternoon. They moved to the living room and the girl got on top of the man. Ebony babe sat on his dick and started jumping on it until she had another orgasm. He loved how slutty she was and how she came to him to have him fuck her. All she needed was good nailing that her husband never gave her. His son surely had great taste in women but he couldn’t give them what they needed. Luckily, the girl realized how hard his dad could fuck her. They fucked everywhere and he came a few times, squirting all over him, before he finished the session with a grand and wet ending all over her face.