This sexy Ebony babe is a hardcore lesbian and she invited her girlfriend for some sexy time while her roommate was away. The naked girls were fucking in her room with a fake torso, riding a rubber cock and grinding their Ebony twats on it. The torso also had a pair of perfect, juicy tits! Pussy and ass licking were on their list too. Two black lesbians were vigorously grinding their clits together when the roommate walked in. He caught the girls scissoring and the scene amused him. He wanted to join them, but the girls were against it. Her girlfriend was ashamed and she ran off naked. The girl was angry at her roomie and he wanted to make it up for her. He got so horny after seeing two sexy naked girls fuck, he quickly took his pants off. Now he was standing in front of her fully naked! The girl was reluctant at first, she was still horny as he interrupted their fuck. But once she got a glimpse of what his packing, she changed her tune and decided his huge dick was more than worth a ride. Her girlfriend was gone and she used the opportunity to finally try a real cock. His meaty cock was right there just above her face. She grabbed it with her hand and started blowing it. Sexy naked girl licked his balls and ran her tongue up and down the shaft. She wanted to try it out, so she got on top of him and sat on it. The lesbian hadn’t had a real dick since college and she was pleased to get nailed by this stud. He fucked her hard and her pussy licked it. She got in the doggy and let him fuck her from behind. His dick was going deep inside her pussy and she was no longer sure if she was lesbian. That dick felt so good and she had one orgasm after another. The sheets were covered in their cum and they fucked all around the house, trying out different positions. He was nailing her and she was screaming his name. She was thinking about inviting her girlfriend back for a hot threesome, but she realized she wanted that dick all to herself. The roommates became a regular thing and would fuck him every time her girlfriend wasn’t around. 