I was just about to watch the game when my stepsister came to me. She got into a fight with her boyfriend because he caught her cheating on him. She wanted me to give her a ride to him, but I declined her as I didn’t have the time. I knew she was a slut and she was so persistent, she took off her top. Her tits were great and I felt my dick rising. She got on her knees and took it out. She offered to give me a blowjob if I help her. She got on her knees and looked up at me. I couldn’t hide my hard on as she looked at my crotch. Ok, well, I pulled my cock out of my pants and looked down to see the head disappear into her mouth. My stepsister was hot, so I decided to use the chance and give her the ride she needed. She started blowing it and I have no idea how many guys my sister has sucked but she definitely knew how to do it. That girl was such a slut and I really liked it! She took off her clothes and got into the doggy. I realized she was looking for a different kind of ride. Her ass was big and I couldn’t wait to grab it. I rubbed the tip of my cock down the crack of her ass to her awaiting pussy. It was so wet and burning with desire. I slowly started to spread her pussy lips, and then with a thrust of my hips, I buried my cock deep inside her. She moaned in pleasure and her pussy clenched tight as I hold my cock deep into her vagina. I gave her time to adjust and then began fucking her hard. I loved how she was shaking her ass on my dick, like a true whore. Actually, she was better than a whore, and the whole idea of fucking my stepsister excited me so much. I didn’t even care if the parents caught us, I would keep fucking that slut. It wasn’t long before my balls were ready to unleash the cum.   I came over that fat ass and I wanted more. So did she. For the next few days I couldn’t stop thinking about our fuck. I was so eager to get more of that. One day I caught her in my room, sneaking through my stuff. She had no choice but to pull off her panties and let me fuck her right there. Her body was fucking nice. My dick went up instantly. Whilst my naked sister was on all fours with her gorgeous ass in the air, I moved behind her. I placed my hands on her ass and started to squeeze and feel all over her wide butt cheeks. I looked at the most pretty pussy. It was a nice and tidy slit with two plump lips. I wanted to destroy her again. I told her to sit on my dick. She wanted it as well and soon, I had her jumping up and down my cock. I had a great view of her ass, shaking just for me. I wanted to fuck her until she hurt. The sound of my balls hitting her ass as I nailed her made me go crazy. I kept fucking her that whole day. I couldn’t control myself and she was so hot. I wanted her in the doggy again, so I could go hard and deep inside her pussy. She loved it like that as well and she begged me never to stop. Her boyfriend never fucked her like that and she wanted me to satisfy her needs. We became a regular thing and we fucked all over the house every time our parents were out. She was so good in bed and all I could think about was her on top of my dick. And the great thing was she let me cum wherever I wanted. My favorite spot was her ass and mouth, and most of the time she would swallow all of my jizz.