These two naked girls were in the middle of steamy lesbian pussy licking when one chick’s dad knocked on the door. The tattooed girl immediately pulled covers over her horny girlfriend and covered her tight, nude body as well while her father talked about cooking food instead of ordering delivery. He was eager to meet her daughter’s friend and wanted to leave a good impression. However, what he didn’t know was that the girlfriend was already there, naked underneath the blanket, passionately slobbering all over his daughter’s snatch. That whole situation startled her and she told her blonde girlfriend how they needed to be careful. That didn’t stop the naked girls from continuing the pussy licking into a screaming orgasm. Having finished with the daughter, the young hottie went to finally meet the father. She found the guy in the kitchen and without holding back all that much, immediately started hitting on him. After the girls fool around upstairs this slut was ready for a hot, sneaky fuck in the kitchen. At first, he was surprised and reluctant. But, he couldn’t resist the advances of such a lovely and lusty teen for much longer. Under the condition of never seeing his daughter again, the guy finally allowed the blonde to have her thing. A bit of fondling and making out, and the nubile was on her knees in the kitchen while her girlfriend’s dad was pulling his massive dick right in her face. Without hesitation, the girl immediately started deepthroating. Her cute, little mouth opened wide and she took that raging boner deep.   Just moments later, the guy was hitting the back of her throat as he pounded vigorously. Hungry for man meat, the blonde choked and gagged, salivating all over that veiny shaft but going deeper and rougher. She was so horny that he fucked her face hard, leaving it all messy with precum and spit spilling all over. After such an intense dick sucking foreplay, the teenie stood up and bent over for her girlfriend’s dad. He entered that juicy pussy from behind. The schlong went inside effortlessly, sliding balls deep right off the bat. Just seconds later her perky tits were jiggling back and forth as she was taking a pounding with one leg lifted up on the counter. Wanting to feel that rod even deeper, the hottie started going in rhythm as her friend’s dad banged her. Then, he started picking up the pace. The girl was losing more and more clothing as he started railing her deeper and faster. One after the other, they started changing positions and switching things up. Eager to feel and explore each other in every way possible, they went from a standing doggy style to a cowgirl riding on the kitchen floor. He kept pounding her in and out giving her wave after wave of pleasure. The girl never came like that before in her life. The man was relentless, pounding the tiny nubile and ravaging her dripping wet snatch. He was drilling her into the floor one moment, only to pick her up and fuck her like a sex doll the other. She came numerous times on his veiny dick before finally being jizzed on.