Ben has been working a lot lately and he misses his girlfriend. He has his cock hard all the time and he doesn’t have time to get it on with his babe. Today they both have a day off and he wakes up early. All he wants is to fuck all day long. He finds his girlfriend in the bathroom, washing her teeth. She is topless and her big tits make him even more excited. He adores her curvaceous body and he is only thinking about touching all her curves as he nails her. There’s nothing like a good fuck in the morning. He proposes to her to have the whole day for fucking and skip on everything else. The girlfriend needs a little persuasion but she is horny as well, so it doesn’t get long before she agrees. She grabs her tits and plays with them to tease him some more. I think she has the most beautiful breasts I’ve ever seen, so big, and round, and perky. This blonde also has a voluptuous ass! He gets her to take off her pants and she remains topless with sexy panties on. Ben can’t wait to get what is hiding underneath them. His girlfriend is in a playful mood also, so they go to the bedroom to start playing. She helps him lose his clothes as she is on her knees. His dick is out and she starts blowing it to make it harder. He loves her blowing skills and he enjoys it as she pleases him. The blonde knows her man loves titjobs as she has perfect tits for it. She puts his black cock between them and plays with it until it gets ready for her. Her pussy is very wet and burning to get a dick inside it. She gets on top of him and guides his cock inside her wet hole. It feels so good to have it inside her finally.   She was burning with desire and she is so happy to have her ride. Beside her unforgettable titfuck, she rides his dick like insatiable succubus. She starts twerking her amazing ass on his dick. His hands push her tits together until he can easily move his mouth from one nipple to the other. He can’t hold back any longer and starts pounding into her, holding her waist with both hands. She begins screaming with pleasure, telling how much she likes feeling his balls slapping against her ass. They are so happy to have this day for only fucking and nothing else and they have the energy to go all day without stopping. Her man likes to eat her pussy, so the blonde babe gets on her back and opens her legs. He goes down on her and makes her beg for permission to come. When this naked girl spreads her legs wide for his cock, it’s a blessing! He begins to thrust again, she is crying out pleasurably as he powers into her pink pussy with deep, hard thrusts. Her beautiful tits rocking back and forth. They keep fucking and they don’t stop. He is so happy to have a girlfriend who is always up for hardcore shagging. He wants to give her a warm creampie for all her efforts. He cums multiple times on her tits and finally, she gets that creampie as well. The blonde has a few orgasms and she screams his name every time he gives her one. They destroy the bed sheets and sperm is all over the room after a few hot sessions of hardcore fucking. And it doesn’t stop them fucking in every corner of the house.