Three nymphomaniacs came to the support group to talk about their destructive sexual habits. The first member, a hot bisty MILF, hesitantly describes being tricked into fucking her boyfriend and her stepdaughter by the manipulative daughter. The event traumatized her, causing her to associate family with sex. Next, the second girl shares her story of being fucked when she used to be a babysitter. Unbeknownst to her, her boyfriend listened on the phone. When it’s time for the third girl to speak, she shares her story of losing her virginity just after she turned 18. As she was fucking for the first time, a group of people watched and filmed everything, ultimately posting the video online. As their mentor listened, a look of lust came over him and he licked his lips subtly. The women didn’t notice. Since then, the girl adds, she’s beed feeding her addiction by fucking random men. They were all crazy about fucking and they wanted to try therapy. He is their mentor, but he is the biggest addict. ‘You can rid yourself of all this regret by just accepting that this is who you really are,’ he says. ‘So…will you let me help YOU accept it?’. The women looked at each other with uncertainty, biting their lips, their resolve clearly weakening. He knew how hungry they all were and he had a nice cock to offer them. They sank to their knees in front of him, powerless over their dark desires. He was kissing the MILF as two teen girls started blowing his dick. It was already hard and ready to please all three sex addicts. Three naked girls were sucking his cock, licking their pussies and were ready to fuck him. One girl sat on his dick and started jumping up and down. The other two sluts were playing with each other. One naked girl was licking the other’s pussy and the couple watched them as they were fucking roughly. They all wanted to take a ride on his cock. The girls were scissoring while they waited for their turn. The girls switched and another sex addict got his dick in her wet cunt. The guy enjoyed all three sluts and he was horny watching the girls lick each other. The orgy got more hardcore with everyone pleasing their partners and soon, it turned into a wild party. Three naked girls got on all fours and their mentor fucked their pussies, making them cum one after another. They all knew there was no cure for their addiction, so they realized they would all be coming to these sessions to get steamy fucking. 