Emily and her boyfriend wanted to start living together. But they were both out of money. They were looking for ways to earn it big and quickly. She wanted to move out from her parents’ house and her boy found a solution. His girlfriend was hot and he wanted to use her to make big money. He realized she could use her looks and sucking skills. He signed her up for making porn for people who were ready to pay big amounts of money. Emily was a little uncertain at first, but once she realized how much money they could make, she accepted it. She was really nervous the day before and her boyfriend assured her everything would be alright. He drove her to her first client. There was a lady who did her makeup and hair. She made her look so sexy and she was very relaxed once she wore a nice lingerie set. She went into the room and met a sexy black bull who was very eager to enjoy her tight little pussy. He wanted to be gentle with her, but she was totally up for more hardcore playing. She grabbed his giant black cock with her small hands and she started blowing it. This new job was really interesting and she liked it already. She got to fuck hot guys and get a lot of money for it. It turned out to be the perfect job. The black stud was amazed with her blowing skills. Holding her head with both hands he shoved his whole monster cock deep into her throat. Then he threw the young naked girl onto the bed to play with her white pussy. He fingered it making her squirt. This guy knew what he was doing. She was ready to get his dick inside her cunt. It was a big dick and it felt so good in her small pussy. You like my big cock stretching your pussy out? You’ve got to learn to obey, you little cunt! He pushed up harder with his cock, driving it deeper into her petite body, feeling her vagina spasm on his cock. The guy was nailing her hard and she enjoyed it a lot. She was in the doggy and the bull was slapping her cute little ass as he fucked her roughly. He was calling her a whore and she loved it. He went deeper and harder into her cunt.   She was soon screaming. In the meantime, her boyfriend realized she had left her phone in the car and he drove back to bring it to her. He walked in on the black guy nailing his girl so hard and calling her a whore. He was so jealous and he regretted getting her the job. Her screams were so loud and she didn’t want him to stop fucking her. This guy fucked her better than her boyfriend ever did. I well never get sick of seeing interracial cuckolding scenes. Her boyfriend just stood in the corner as his girl was getting the hardest nailing ever. He watched as the black guy pounded his girlfriend with his cock, causing her to writhe in pleasure as her body was wracked with orgasm after orgasm. She wanted to have the client cum inside her. I did enjoy the premise. Boyfriend pushes girlfriend into sex work (making his money moves-hilarious) and then the instant regret. The storyline and cinematography is so good. I feel like I am watching a real Hollywood box office movie. Good story but the star undoubtedly is Emily. Gorgeous, great body, totally hot conversation with her partner and a fantastic sex. Her sexual energy is off the chain and even playing the naive ingenue only can last for so long before the beast inside comes out. She became the most wanted girl and she soon dumped her boyfriend and took all the money for herself.