It was a nice day and I was on the balcony enjoying the view. My wife was working and I enjoyed some time alone. I was drinking water and I accidentally dropped the cup from my balcony! There was a girl down there and the cup hit her. She got really angry, so I panicked. I tried to say sorry, but she immediately rushed to my apartment to yell at me. Her shirt was all wet as the water spilled right onto it. I offered to give her a new one and put hers in the dryer. She was standing topless in my kitchen and she was so cute. She felt a little uncomfortable, so she asked me to get naked as well, so she wouldn’t feel awkward. It turned me on so much as I had my neighbor with her tits out in my own kitchen. My dick became so hard and it was hard to hide it. Her gaze moved down to my crotch and stayed there for a second. She looked in my eyes and gave me a nice smile. I didn’t know what to do. The young half naked girl was standing in front of me still smiling at me. Slowly she moved one hand down so I could see her tit. She was there, cupping her small breasts with two hands, fondling her nipples between her fingers. Her hand slid down to where my throbbing erection was. Her fingers slightly curling around the thickness of my manhood. I had never been so hard, so aroused. She was impressed by its size and I realized she wanted it. I couldn’t think straight. I couldn’t breathe. I felt like I was going out of my mind. She got on her knees and she went for my dick! She opened her mouth and she licked it before she put it inside it. The petite babe looked up at me with those beautiful blue eyes. She was blowing me and I decided to take her to the couch.   I pushed it so deep inside her mouth and all she wanted was to have it inside her cunt. The girl took off the rest of her clothes and revealed her small, shaved pussy. The desire to touch her pussy was too much. It was warm and very wet. Now she was standing over me, a young naked teen babe, letting me see her smooth body, the curves of her small breasts, her lovely, bald pussy. My eyes watching as her pussy moved towards my cock. As I lay there immobile, she spread her pussy lips with both hands, impaling herself onto my rigid member. She paused, letting herself to get used to my size. Her tight pussy gripped my cock like a vice. She moaned happily, savouring the sweet moment I was inside her. My dick went deep inside her pussy and she started jumping on it like a little whore. My dick was big and her small pussy loved it. She turned around so I could look at her cute little ass. I felt her shudder. She was cumming on my cock. I dove my cock deep inside her cunt as she contracted. But it seemed she was not done. She wanted something else. Naked girl got into the doggy. I got behind her and shoved my dick inside her again. I was nailing her hard and she was moaning. I was a little afraid my wife could come back, but I wouldn’t even care if she caught us as this babe was a true gem. And she liked it rough. So I was hitting her until I gave her a few orgasms that she would remember. She said she wanted to taste my sperm, so as I was getting close to cumming, I took my dick out and let all my juice inside her mouth. She swallowed it all and wanted another ride on my cock. So I gave her another round and we finished fucking just in time before my wife came home and her shirt was dry.