A married couple had troubles in their sex life. The husband craved anal sex and every time he tried it with his wife, it didn’t go well. The wife didn’t like it and she wasn’t sure what she should do. She was getting desperate and she wanted to find a way to please her husband. When she went to work, she asked her young assistant Carly if she ever tried anal. The girl said she had anal sex with her ex and that she really enjoyed it. It stuck in the wife’s head and she told her husband that the girl could teach her about anal and even wanted to have a threesome with them. His eyes lit up. ‘That is such an amazing idea!’ The 20 year old girl had big tits and she was really attractive. She told him she wouldn’t be opposed to discussing an open relationship if it made him happy and could save their marriage. She invited Carly to her home and told her she had a new project for her. The girl came over, but she was quite surprised when her boss asked her to fuck her husband and let him have anal sex with her! Carly was shocked. ‘I have decided that I would like you to have anal sex with my husband.’ Carly looked at both in them in disgust. ‘Honey, didn’t you mention she was due for an increase soon?’ Carly turned to her boss husband. ‘So you want to fuck me in the ass?’ She asked, raging. He nodded. They started kissing as the wife watched them. The girl got on her knees and unzipped the husband’s pants. She told him to take his dick out. Looking at his wife she started blowing it. The wife was sitting on the couch and she took her pants off. Carly turned around and the guy stood behind her.   He shoved his dick inside her pussy and started fucking her. He was going deep inside her as his wife watched. It was turning her on, but she was aside. Her man sat on the couch and her assistant sat on top of his dick. She was riding him like a true whore. She was moaning loudly as his dick penetrated her young cunt. It was time for the hubby to get some ass finally. The girl turned around and put his dick inside her ass. She started riding it slowly, explaining to her boss what should be done. Carly was an expert on ass fucking and she knew what she was doing. And she enjoyed that dick inside her ass. Gradually she started going faster and harder. Busty naked babe began bouncing up and down on his cock, slamming her big bubble ass down on his pelvis yelling, ‘Oh fuck me, fuck my ass!’ Throughout the sex, the anal mistress instructed him how to fuck her the way she liked it. The happy husband kept destroying her asshole while his wife cowered in the room, watching and feeling guilty. The anal mistress enjoyed that sensation. Her big tits were bouncing around in circles. The husband was so happy to finally get what he had wanted for a long time. And the sexy girl turned him on much more than his wife did. And she knew how to treat a cock in her ass. His wife was watching them in the corner, sad that she couldn’t please her husband that way. He wanted to fill her ass with his cum, so soon, he let all his sperm inside the girl. She wanted another round and he happily gave her one until they both came heavily.