My mom has a new boyfriend and he started living with us recently. He is really hot and it excites me to have a real man in the house. While I was studying one day, he came up behind me and started to rub my shoulders. He said that he wanted to relieve my study stress. Suddenly I feel his hands on my breasts, massaging and caressing them. Then his hands go down over my stomach to my crotch. I feel my pussy tense up. Then he lifts my skirt and makes me bend over the table. I am wearing a skirt with no panties underneath it. My stepdad places his hands around my ass as he lifts me a little way up. I feel his hot cock at my pussy. Soon he traces his cock over my pussy slit. ‘You seem quite tight…’ I feel his cockhead part my pussy lips as he sticks it into me. I love the feeling of his cock inside me. He starts pumping my body back and forth onto his cock and each time more of his big, hard cock goes into my pussy. “Aaahh, yeah,” he moans as I feel his cock slamming in and out of my pussy. It feels better than I ever thought it would. My pussy starts to suck at his cock as I feel it start to throb as it drives its way deep into my pussy. “I’m going to cum darling” he groans as he drives his cock all the way up inside me. His cock starts to shoot ribbons of cum into me. Later at night when my mom is asleep the old pervert sneaks into my room. He gets on my bed. With his palm on my mouth he slams his cock deep up into me again. He wants again to destroy my small cunt. I turn around to the doggy pose so he can go even deeper. I love the things he does to me. I think I can fuck him better than my mom. I can feel his balls swinging up and banging into my clit as he fucks me. Never have I been fucked so hard and deep before in my life. All I hear is the sound of my juices each time he slams into me. I start to orgasm wildly and squirt all over his cock. ‘I want to cum on your face, honey’ he shoves his cock in my mouth ‘Cum all over my face! I want to feel your cum dripping down my face!’ This fuck has been so great and later, he wants to go again. As long as my mom is out of the house or just sleeping, we would have our secret meetings and he would do the dirtiest things with me. I feel like a slut but I love it. 