It is summertime and Paisley’s favorite season of the year. She loves to enjoy the sun by the pool or go for a swim. Her mom thinks otherwise. She wants the young lady to study so she hired a tutor to help her daughter learn. Paisley isn’t a fan of the idea but she found the guy on Instagram and because he was pretty cute she decided to study with him. He finally arrived and they started their lesson. She was already bored and also a bit horny. The guy was cute, so she asked him to go outside. She started removing her clothes right in front of the tutor and remained in her swimsuit! Dude could hardly believe his eyes. He realized that the girl had other things in mind as she lured him to the pool side. He tried to ask her to go out of the water but that little slut wanted to tease him. She took her little tits out and started playing with them. Standing in the water in front of her new tutor she teasingly pinched her nipples. When it was not enough she simply slid her bikini bottoms to the side. Standing like that she rubbed her slit with one finger! Finally she successfully distracted him enough to focus on more satisfying things. The guy decided to use the opportunity and have some dirty fun with this free-spirited babe. They went inside to the living room. Teen girl jumped on his lap. They were kissing on the couch. She moved her hips in circles over his rising cock, his hands squeezed her cute little ass cheeks. Her throbbing, aching pussy was dripping wet with desire. She began grinding her pussy against his cock, rubbing her clit against him. She wanted to taste it so bad, she got on her knees and took it. It was a big, black dick and she was so eager to test it out.   She would suck his balls and he would shove the dick deep into her throat. She loved that. Her pussy was burning and she needed that cock inside it. Cute naked girl got on top of her summer tutor and sat on his cock. It felt so good inside her small pussy. She jumped up and down on his cock and then threw herself down and began to grind herself on him. The girl was cumming like an exploding fountain. This girl liked it deep, so she got below him to have him go as deep as he could. He was going harder inside her and she started moaning louder. He would pull her hair as he was nailing her. She liked it rough so she was screaming as he was destroying her. They would switch positions every now and then and they would always go hard and deep. She never imagined she would have so much fun during the lesson. It wasn’t long before the nerd made her a warm creampie that she adored. They were still horny and ready for another round. She got into the doggy style and her tutor was behind her. He wanted to go even harder this time. He was hitting her so hard and his black balls were slapping her little ass loudly. She was screaming and wanting more. The guy gave her a few orgasms and more creampies. Tutoring has never been more fun for any of these two. They were fucking for a few hours before her mom came home. Paisley told her mom she had the best tutor ever.