This guy had a crush on his stepsister and couldn’t resist toying with her when she fell asleep. She was this breathtaking, young brunette with a body that is to die for. Fit and slim, with a pair of firm, perky tits, she was so hot she even wore her red sexy lingerie to bed. The girl was on her back when a young pervert approached her. Slowly, he removed those covers and started caressing her flawless figure. The girl didn’t wake up but turned to the side. That was even better for the guy as he now had perfect access to her tight pussy through those skimpy, red panties. Willing to go all the way, the man took his massive, throbbing dick out and slowly inserted it inside his stepsister’s wet cherry. He started moving back and forth, pushing his member deeper and deeper into her sleeping pussy and, naturally, that’s when the hottie woke up. Stunned and surprised, pushed him off and promptly left the room. Fortunately, the guy had an ace up his sleeve and, the next time he confronted her, he showed a whole gallery of lewd images he took while the stepsister was asleep. In order to delete those, he wanted her to give him a blowjob! The stepsis wasn’t all that reluctant and it wasn’t long before she started stripping in front of him. Leaving that sexy bar on, she knelt in front of him, pulled his schlong out, and started sucking. Her luscious lips were taking more and more of that man meat inside as she was using her saliva as lube to make the shaft all slippery. Using one hand to stroke the dick while sucking it, she was soon just as horny as her pervy brother. That’s how these two found themselves on the couch. The chick was lying on her back, spreading those slim legs in black, fishnet stockings, and the man was taking her from the front, in a missionary position. She was moaning in pleasure feeling that huge boner going balls deep inside her tight pussy. The stepbrother couldn’t keep his hands off her amazing breasts and that was turning her on even more. From a missionary, they turned into a doggy style. Going back and forth in rhythm, the cutie was doing her best to take that rod as deep as possible, feeling every inch of it stretching her insides to their absolute limits. Those lovely tits were now out of that bra and her mesmerizing, pink nipples were simply begging to be licked and squeezed. The guy couldn’t stop ramming his stepsister from behind, even when they stood up and she was bent over with him holding her arms behind her back. Finally, they went back to the couch where she spread herself once more and held her legs wide apart for a stepbrother to pound her cunt into many intense orgasms. She came numerous times before finally being rewarded with a load of jizz. 