Three hot young babes were having a sleepover party. The girls were in their cute pajamas, lying on the floor, watching a scary movie, and eating popcorn. What they didn’t realize is that the homeowner chick’s stepbrother snuck inside and was behind them. Horny and with nothing to lose, he jumped behind a cute brunette in a pink outfit. She gasped in surprise as the guy buried his face between her ass cheeks! He managed to shush her so as not to tell the others. After slobbering all over her tight holes, he left her to the movie and hopped to the other side, behind a lovely blonde in red PJs. Gesturing her to keep quiet, this naughty dude pulled her back and took his throbbing boner out. Intrigued and horny, the blonde teen went on her knees and started giving him a handjob. Just seconds later, her wet mouth followed and she was now sucking him off behind her girlfriends’ back. The horny dude was even bold enough to grab the back of her head and fuck her throat rough while the brunette watched. Pushing things even further, he was now back behind the first hottie, pushing his fat rod inside her tight pussy. Not even trying to hide anymore, he was drilling the girl into the ground. He held her firmly and pounded that tight cunt from behind, making the chick gasp and scream in pleasure. The harder he went the hornier he was and that’s when he finally announced his presence, asking all of the girls to strip naked if he was to bring them more popcorn.   Needless to mention that he had been jerking off many times fantasizing about group sex, a threeosme or foursome with several naked girls. Just like that, all those little vixens were naked on the floor and he started fucking them from one side to the other. The first one was the blonde, losing her breath while taking a pounding. Then, the bloke moved to the cutie in the middle, his step sister, who he didn’t toy with yet. She took his schlong effortlessly and balls deep, so he just started hammering. His massive dong kept going in and out of that tight cherry before he went back to the blonde on the side. Petite and horny, she was losing her mind in pleasure. To spice things up, the naked girl in the middle turned on her back. She was now watching the movie upside down while being ravaged in a missionary position. Eventually, though, the girls all forgot about the movie. After an amazing triple blowjob, they went all-in. Any time one naked girl would jump on his big cock with her tight, wet pussy, the other two naked girls would tease each other, make out, or play with their perky, erect nipples. There’s no telling how many times all the hotties came from licking and riding before the guy finally rewarded them with a load of cum, covering their bodies and watching them all messy.