A mischievous wife hired a gorgeous escort babe. She wanted to catch her husband cheating and get a large sum of cash in a divorce settlement. The escort mentioned how the service would be pricey but the wife brushed it off, saying how money was not an issue. That’s when things took an unexpected turn. The escort, who was this ravishing girl with big tits and sexy tattoos on a tight body, started hitting on the wife. After all, she was paying a lot so, why wouldn’t she try out the goods. There wasn’t much resistance and the married brunette was soon spreading legs for the new girl. Her panties were off in an instant and a wet, smoothly shaved pussy appeared. Without wasting a second, the black-haired beauty buried her tongue inside and started eating her new girlfriend out. Things were escalating quickly. After short but intense pussy licking, both of the babes were left wearing nothing but their sexy high heels. With their legs crossed, these two naked women were now scissoring with a passion while looking at each other and moaning in pleasure. Their pussies were slapping together now, making wet sloppy sounds, bodies colliding like they were trying to hurt each other. The girls moved their hips up and down so their clitoris were sliding over each others. And that is precisely when the husband came back home. He saw two naked girls from afar and snuck up to this lesbian duo. With a rock hard dick in one hand and a cell phone in the other, he jerked off to his wife scissoring a hot naked babe while recording her in the act.   Naturally, it didn’t take long for the girls to see him and that’s when his lady came up with an excuse on the spot, saying how she was preparing him a surprise threesome for their anniversary. He approached these two breathtaking naked girls who were on their knees on that couch, waiting for his raging hardon. Without hesitation, they started sucking him off. With two pairs of luscious lips kissing and sucking on his veiny shaft, the guy was in heaven. Both of the girls moaned in pleasure even before he went behind them to return the pleasure. Now, he kept going from one ass to the other, licking those tight holes as the girls made out. Then, he finally took this further. The first one to take his dick was his wife. He inserted from behind and started railing his lady doggy style. The escort chick had her legs spread in front of the two, enjoying erotic and sensual pussy licking. The man kept going rougher and harder and, soon enough, the wife was unable to eat the other brunette out. She was enjoying herself to an intense orgasm. After that, it was the other hottie’s turn to ride that dick. She sat on it like a lusty cowgirl as the wife sat on her husband’s face and they made out on top of him, both riding simultaneously. Both girls were cumming on his cock and his face. From there on out, there was no stopping the three. Two hot naked girls kept switching positions, getting fucked by the lucky dude in every way possible. The feeling was incredible, moving so swiftly from one pussy to another. He was in absolute heaven. He railed both girls into multiple orgasms before plastering them with hot cum.