I got into a fight with my girlfriend one night so I ended up sleeping on the couch. Fortunately, my gorgeous brunette roommate was there to help relieve some tension. She was as kinky as she was hot and, the moment she saw my throbbing morning boner poking underneath the blanket, she reached out and grabbed it, waking me up. She was horny and eager and I didn’t need much convincing. Just like that, I had a dashing babe giving me one of the sloppiest blowjobs of my life! Her pretty head was bobbing up and down on my rock hard shaft as she was making it all wet with her luscious lips and warm tongue. Not neglecting the balls, she’d take every opportunity to lick them while stroking me. After such passionate dick sucking I quickly agreed to cheat on my girlfriend. She was already naked and I was dying to lick her. We switched places and my girlfriend’s naked roommate spread her legs wide for me so I started licking that dripping wet, aching cherry. I was fucking her pussy with my tongue. I wrapped my lips around her clit and began to suck on the little nub. That intense oral foreplay just amde her even hornier! That’s why I simply stood up, in the middle of pussy licking, and inserted my raging boner inside that tight hole! It slid all the way in and, seconds later, I was railing that sex-crazed slut balls deep, making her scream in pleasure. She was rubbing her pulsating clit while talking dirty and begging for more, so I kept going deeper and harder, constantly picking up the pace. Then we switched again. This time, she was on top of me and we took turns having the initiative. Up and down she went, her tight pussy riding my dick, big buble ass bouncing as she did. I squeezed her ass with both hands and kept pounding into her. When she felt I was cumming, she jumped onto the floor and said to cum faster in her mouth! “CUM CUM CUM!!” That was the last thing I heard before her mouth was filled with my cum. I looked up at her face covered in sticky semen and could not imagine a sexier picture. Even after a shot a load all over her face, I kept ravaging her. My cum was dripping down her face as I fucked her from behind. 