These two have always wanted to go to the spa together. They reserved a whole day for that but their masseuses separated them into two different rooms. Once the dude met his masseuse, a sexy curvy babe, he had her eyes on her thick ass. She told him to take off his clothes and get onto the massage table. He got on it and couldn’t believe his eyes, there was a convenient glory hole in her table for his cock! He put the cock into the hole and was happy to start his relaxation session. The masseuse removed her shirt and revealed her big tits. Then she got onto him and began massaging his back with her oiled up tits. Her big soft boobs were rubbing all over him when suddenly his girlfriend rushed in with a towel. She was extremely horny and she wanted him to lick her pussy! She turned her ass and pussy into his face and he started licking her. At the same time, his busty masseuse was under the table! His schlong was right above her head so she just started sucking it. His girlfriend was grinding her ass into his face, making him lick her both holes, when at the same time there was another girl who licked his cock! Once another masseuse took his girlfriend to the separate massage room the fat busty masseuse guided his cock into her pussy still being under the table. When he felt his cock was inside a pussy he began humping lying on the massage table, trying to pound the masseuse through the hole. She was still under the bed, getting fucked by her horny client. But she wanted more action and she climbed onto the bed. He had never met a curvy queen like this.   His naked masseuse spread her legs, giving him full access to her both holes. But he inserted his hard dick right into her asshole! He started going hard and deep. His girlfriend had never let me fuck her ass but that babe was moaning as he was hitting her oiled ass. This slutty babe could squirt while having her ass destroyed! He could do whatever he wanted with her, fuck her in the ass or in the mouth. He got onto the massage table, climbing onto her in a 69 position and started deepthroating her. At the same time he licked her soft pussy. He had never had a massage this intense and relaxing at the same time. His dick was going crazy and all he could think about was fucking that busty slut. Her big ass drove him crazy. He couldn’t hold back anymore and started spraying cum all over her big ass, wads and strands of thick white seed raining down on her. But that sexy babe decided to turn a nerd into a macho. She grabbed his still throbbing cock and began fucked it with her mouth, till he came onto her face! He came and came, into her open mouth, onto her nose and eyes. After they were finally done, he laid down to take some rest. But at this moment his girlfriend who was done with her own massage came back to the room. His girlfriend saw his cock and balls dangling through the hole! She was still horny as hell after another man rubbed her body. She got under the table and began sucking his cock that was covered in semen. It was her turn to play with it so she took it into her hands before she had a ride on it as well.