Karlee and Jillian are officially married, and the lesbians just moved into a new house. They have a lovely yard and, one day, they decided to have some fun outside. For them, having fun means being naked and having sex, which is exactly what they started doing. The girls both took all of their clothes of and sat on a cover which they spread on the ground. They were kissing and rubbing their pussies to each other when their neighbor Kylie spotted them. One of the girls saw that someone is looking at them, and she told her wife about it. When their neighbor realized the naked girls caught her, she decided to approach them. She introduced herself and told them that she is their neighbor. Karlee and Jillian weren’t ashamed at all for being naked, and they realized from the start that Kylie is a lesbian too. Kylie hadn’t been with anyone since her divorce and the girls offered to help her forget all about her husband. After a small chit-chat, all three of them went into the house, where the girls undressed Kylie and got on the kitchen counter. Karlee arched in a doggy style pose on the table, and their sexy neighbor leaned on her and licked her pussy from behind. While she was doing it, Jillian took off her panties and started doing the same to her as she was doing to her wife, Karlee. Spreading her cute ass cheeks with both hands she was licking her pink, wet pussy. She did like like her husband never did it. Who would know better how to do it then another woman? At the same time she began licking and lapping Karlee all over. While her finger swirled around the clit, her tongue lapped at her pussy and at her asshole, sucking the cum into her mouth. At one point, all three naked girls were standing hugged in a circle and kissed each other. The lesbians were all incredibly horny and wet. Jillian then sat on the table and let Kylie lick her pussy, while Karlee was fingering Kylie’s pussy from behind. Then Karlee sat on the table and let Kylie lick her pussy, while Jillian was fingering her from behind. It was an insane lesbian threesome, three naked girls even brought each other to a squirting orgasm. 