Who in their right mind would cheat on a gorgeous blonde like Avery? She has had enough of her cheating boyfriend. He had fucked up so many times and she didn’t want to hear him explain himself again. She was so angry with him. And she knew that it would hurt him most if she fucked his friend. The blonde was sure he wouldn’t reject her as he had a crush on her. She set up a camera and chose her best lingerie. She called her boyfriend via video chat and started streaming the action. The dude was already in their bed, waiting for her to jump at him. His cock was huge and hard as a rock. The girl started blowing him as her boyfriend watched them on his phone. That dick was so large and she enjoyed blowing it as she was excited while thinking about how it would destroy her little pussy. Perfect blowjob, the art of ‘taking your time’ and ‘eye contact’. His huge cock gets ‘made love to’ so well and slow, none of us would last 2 seconds. Her slow tongue work and eye contact along with perfect nails and open palm technique show she is a master artist! Amazing technique and also you move your ass and perfect body so well to tease during the BJ. Men are looking elsewhere during this act to see all the parts of a sexy woman, not just her mouth at the moment. So well done it has me pulsing every time her perfect hips and ass rotate or arch or wiggle seductively. He took off her sexy lingerie as he was enjoying the blow. He wanted to taste her pussy, so he got behind her and started licking the blonde. Her pussy lips are not so far from her face lips. She was moaning and her boyfriend was so angry watching them fuck. She wanted that giant dick deep inside her and soon she sat on it to got a wild ride. Watching her bend and contort that fit body around a black cock is so sexy. That big cock reached the deepest points and she has an orgasm immensely. She’s insanely hot cumming all over that big black cock. She switched to the doggy pose, and her ex’s friend got behind her. He started banging her so hard, destroying that white pussy. He didn’t stop banging her until he gave her multiple orgasms and she asked for more. After that wild fuck, she never returned to her cheating boyfriend. Avery is the most beautiful young lady in the business especially with her expressive eyes and killer flawless body. The guys at BLACKED do a great job of grooming the sexiest models and refining them to please us all in their best light. 