It has been a long year. All this quarantine thing was so tough for me and I was under a lot of stress. Luckily, I have a hot stepsis and I like spending time with her. She is really attractive and sometimes it is very easy to get lost in the dirtiest fantasies where she does some naughty things to me. I have noticed her flirting with me sometimes, but I am not sure how to respond to it. She isn’t shy about walking around the house in just panties and bra,  wiggling her booty seductively at me. One day I went to the bathroom and she was already in it. So I saw her with only a towel on her and it really fired up my imagination. She had her back to me, but I could see her naked ass when she bent over. It was perfectly round and was very perky. Then she saw me and called me a pervert. Later I found her at the kitchen, she was wearing only a top and cute panties. I couldn’t look away from her ass. The mess in the kitchen was horrible and we started arguing about it. Eventually, she offered to clean it all up if I did something for her. She wanted me to lick her pussy! Due to quarantine her boyfriend hadn’t licked her pussy for so long. I was so surprised and amazed at the same time. I couldn’t reject her invitation when she pulled her panties to the side exposing her freshly shaved pussy! It was bald as I could see her tight crack. It didn’t take me long to be on my knees. She was all playful and raised one leg up so that her beautiful young cunt was right in my face. I was on my knees licking her pussy all over. It was so sweet and wet at the same time.   Man I remember sucking on her clit until I was out of fuckin breath. I sucked her clit until she came but I didn’t stop I just kept sucking and sucking and sucking. She enjoyed it so much and we decided to continue in the bedroom so the parents would catch us. We got there and she removed her panties. I grabbed her perfect ass and I loved it so much. It was the perfect example of a big bubble butt. The fact that my sister was thin with a small waist made her butt look that much bigger. Her thick pussy lips dripped swollen between her ass cheeks. She got on her knees and took my dick out. It was hard as a rock and she was impressed with its size. The sis started kissing it before putting it inside her mouth. She was so good at it and I couldn’t wait to shove it inside her cunt. We got on the bed and she sat on top of me. She started riding my cock slowly at first, but soon she got herself a wild ride. She was moaning as I was banging her hard. Her tits were nice to look at, but when she turned around, I could watch her ass shake as she was jumping up and down my cock. It was a magnificent view. I could look at her ass all day long. As I was fucking her in the doggy style, I was thinking about how next time I wanted to hit that ass as well. But I made sure to fuck her so well that she would beg me to fuck her again. And it worked, as I gave her the most intense orgasm she had ever had.