Alina and her coworker Elena were sitting in her office one day. Alina asked Elena if she would date someone from work, and she told her that fooling around is much funnier than having a relationship. The sexual tension between the girls was apparent, so Elena made the first step and came close to her Alina. She started touching her pussy, when the phone rang. It was Penny, their boss. When Alina answered the phone, her coworker slowly spred her legs, pulled her white panties to the side and started kissing her pussy. Penny wanted to ask Alina to help her hire new staff, but since Alina was so distracted with her pussy being licked, she couldn’t focus on the conversation, so she told Penny that she would call her back. However, a few minutes later, her boss called again. This time, Alina managed to listen to her somehow, even though she was more thinking about her coworker eating out and fingering her wet cunt. Elena took off her clothes and panties, leaving only her heels, stockings, and bra on. She got on the table, and Alina asked her to arch her ass so that she could lick her butt hole. Alina licked her ass and rubbed her clit at the same time, and while she was doing it, the boss saw them through the window. Since Penny was bicurious too, she got excited and wanted to join, but she didn’t know how. She then decided to give Alina a call one more time and tell her to come out and give her some documents, just for a second. Alina was busy licking that lovely pussy of Elena, but she had to obey. She apologized and went out of the office, while Elena kept being in a doggy style pose on the table with her naked ass high in the air. When Alina went out, Penny got in and approached her employee from the back. She started fingering her pussy and licking her ass hole too, and the girl thought it was Alina doing it.   She moaned against her flesh as her tongue slipped up and down the girl’s pussy, probed, then slid up inside her. The MILF lesbian took a mouthful of her pussy lips in her mouth and sucked them like they were a straw in a milkshake. Right when Elena realized it’s someone else, Alina came back and caught her boss with her. Penny said that it is against company policy to be engaging with a coworker and that the girls can both get fired. They started begging their boss not to fire them and told her that they are willing to do anything to keep their jobs. Penny agreed, but she asked them to let her watch them have sex. The girls were a little surprised at first, but soon they agreed to it. Alina spread her lover’s pussy and began tongue fucking her hole. Elena squirmed, moaning as she plunged her tongue deep into her pussy. Her hips bucked and she squirmed with glee as Alina sucked and ate her quivering cunt. Of course, Penny didn’t want just to watch the girls. She wanted to taste these pussies too, so a few minutes later, both of her slutty lesbian employees were sucking her tits. They all enjoyed licking each other’s ass hole and pussy and sucking each other’s tits on the table. MILF lesbian attacked these young cunts with increased fervour, she devoured their pussies, licking and sucking, her mouth gnawing and actually munching on their wet lips. It was a perverted lesbian threesome in which three hot naked girls fulfilled their wildest sexual fantasies. After that, it became the best part of their job.