This fast-food worker went on his lunch break and he felt a bit frisky, so he pulled this phone out to watch some porn. However, the volume on the video was too loud and it instantly attracted two of his hot colleagues. Just like that, these hot girls were all over him, trying to see what he was watching. As the poor guy tried to defend himself, he managed to spill his drink all over the two, leaving both girls with stained shirts. He tried to rectify everything and clean them up but the girls just looked at each other and took the shirts off. Just like that, he had two beautiful chicks topless and shaking their perky tits in front of him. Before the guy realized what was happening, he found himself sitting with the brunettes pulling his pants down and taking his massive, hard dick out. Without hesitation, the girls started taking turns sucking him off. One after the other, both girls would swallow that raging boner and stroke it with a passion. The babes would even deepthroat and lick his balls, making sure he was receiving the best double blowjob of his life. As they worshiped his balls with their tongues and took each one in their mouths to clean them thoroughly. Then the babes bent over and he took their panties down. Two hot naked girls with their nice asses in the air were in front of him. He began licking their cunts all up and fingered those wet holes before they took things even further. He grabbed the first cutie’s firm ass, inserted his member, and started pounding doggy style. The other one was in front of her with those slim legs spread, enjoying lesbian pussy licking and tongue fucking. The dude was slamming hard into her now. It quickly pushed her over the edge and she began to cum. His cock drove so deep and so fast into her. His balls slapping off her ass. After making the hottie cum, he grabbed the other one and started ramming her from behind as well. With deep, hard thrusts she was cumming violently, her whole body trembling against him. From there on out, he was banging both naked girls in various positions and bringing them to multiple orgasms. The two girls orgasmed together and in turn before exploding with cum. 