A hot young blonde beauty brought two of her girlfriends home for a study session as they were due to some important exams pretty soon. She came inside her house with a luscious ebony beauty and a foxy redhead. The girls barged in so suddenly that the blonde’s dad, who was in the middle of a furious masturbation session, didn’t manage to cover his private bits and all the chicks saw him. The redhead seemed particularly interested before they parted ways. Later on, just before all the serious studying was about to begin, the redhead stepped outside her friend’s bedroom to get some water. That little slut found her friend’s dad in the kitchen and immediately started firing with him. Without holding back, she mentioned how she was turned on by him jerking off and asked whether he came already, noting how she’d be happy to help with that. Seconds later, this foxy nubile was on her knees in front of her friend’s dad, taking his big, throbbing dick out of his shorts and placing her luscious lips on the shaft!!! Just like that, she was giving him a passionate and erotic blowjob right in front of the fridge, slobbering all over that veiny dong. As time went on, the girl just kept picking up the pace. Soon, her small, perky tits were out and she was vigorously stroking his shaft with one hand while drooling on it continuously. She even gave his balls proper licking and sucking before the man finally decided to return the favor. As the redhead stood up, he knelt down, switching places with her. Her panties were already off as she placed one leg over his shoulder, giving him complete access to her dripping wet, shaved pussy.   It wasn’t long before the chick was screaming in pleasure from having her clit licked, and that’s when his daughter came in. Having his cock in his daughter’s friend’s mouth he said he didn’t know where she had gone. He also asked her not to tell her mother that she saw him jerking off in the living room. When his daughter left they took things even further. He stood up and turned the little slut around, making her lean against the open fridge while drilling her snatch doggy style. With her friend’s father’s cock balls deep inside her tight cunt, the cutie was in heaven. Screaming and begging for more, she was moving back and forth in rhythm, eager to take that member as deep as possible. When he grabbed one of her legs and took her from the side, she finally came intensely squirting all over his cock. The fun continued on the floor where he rubbed her pussy into another squirting orgasm before the hottie sat on his man meat in a reverse cowgirl. Controlling the tempo, she was now vigorously bounding on the man, feeling his rod stretching her insides to their absolute limits and hitting her as deep as possible. Those small tits were jiggling up and down before the man finally picked a little minx up, and ravaged her like a true fuck doll. He fucked her brains out into multiple intense orgasms and listened to her horny screams before finally rewarding this young lady with a load of cum.