This hot young blonde had a dream where her boyfriend was cheating on her, so she woke up and went crazy. She screamed at the poor dude and kicked him out of his room while throwing his stuff out. Desperate, he went to his brother for help and forced him to go and try to calm his girlfriend down. Naughty blonde, seeing the opportunity, decided to retaliate the best way possible. She took her top off, knelt in front of her boyfriend’s brother, pulled his massive and already hard cock out, and started slobbering on it. Just seconds later, she was making that veiny shaft all wet and slippery while swallowing it and stroking it with her small, soft hands. Even when the boyfriend tried to get inside the room, she couldn’t keep sucking his brother off while he talked the guy away. That’s when things went wild. After an intense dick sucking and deepthroating session, the blonde was aching for more. Naked, she stood up and bent over for the guy who lifted one of her legs up and took the girl from behind. Her tight, trimmed, dripping wet pussy took that rod all the way effortlessly, and the guy just started pounding. Just like that, he was ravaging his brother’s girlfriend as she moaned in pleasure and rubbed her pulsating clit. He plowed his cock deeper and harder as she started cumming on his cock. Her juices were spraying out with each thrust. He threw the naked girl onto the bed. After short and passionate pussy licking, they were back to hard fucking. The girl was on top of the guy like a horny cowgirl and he was railing her from underneath, stretching her tight insides to their absolute limits. She was out-of-control cumming her brains out. Her body felt like one gigantic clit. Trying out one position after the other, they fucked in every way imaginable. Feeling him cumming in her almost pushed her over the edge as well. Not only did he just fucked his brother’s girlfriend, but he came in her too! But that crazy slut wanted more! She wanted to be fucked and wanted his cum in her mouth this time. She was absolutely soaked and the feeling of plunging into her cum filled pussy was incredible. There’s no telling how many times the hottie came before finally being plastered with messy loads of thick, white cum. 