Miranda and her mom have been living in her stepdad’s house for a while. Her stepdad had a creepy son and he always intimidated her. Their parents had an accident and they both died. In his will, the new dad allowed Miranda to stay in the house until she was 21 years old. His son was older than her, and as she was a minor, she couldn’t do anything on her own. He took command of the house and he kept his stepsister locked at home at all times. He wouldn’t let her see her friends or go anywhere. He imposed stricter and stricter rules on her, ‘as long as she lives under his roof!’ It began with chores and a curfew but soon turned sexual. Once, he even went into her room and took off her blanket to look at her tits. She was intimidated and she had no one to help her. Ultimately, he struck a deal with the precocious 18-year-old teen that she could do whatever she wanted in the house, so long as she agreed to service him. One day she asked him what he wanted for her to do, so she could have more liberty. He told her to remove her dress. His step sister listened and she immediately realized what would follow. Miranda promised to satisfy him so he could leave her alone and not lock her in the house anymore. His dick was getting hard and he wanted her to blow it. The sexiest babe obediently got on her knees, crawled fully naked to him and took his dick out of his pants. She ran her tongue all over his knob and along his shaft. She cupped his balls, opened her mouth wide and swallowed as much of his cock as she could manage. Gripping the thick base of his shaft she began to rhythmically take him deeper into her mouth. Seeing the saliva drooling from her mouth as she’s slurping that dong is what’s up! His dick was big and as she was sucking it she wanted it inside her. After all, she was a virgin and she wanted to have somebody destroy her finally.   Hot naked girl moved over to the couch and turned her perfect ass at him. He got behind her and shoved his huge dick right inside her small cunt. Her wet warm pussy felt amazing! She could feel his cock went deeper into her tight vagina. He started gently and slowly at first, but soon his dick was doing the wildest things to her sweet pussy. It was so tight and it felt so good to his thick dick. This sexy girl was making him crazy and he finally got to fuck her. And she was enjoying the fuck as well. She no longer wanted him to stop, but to keep fucking her the hardest possible. Her pussy made him cum a few times and he always went for another round. His stepsis was tireless and she was moaning so loudly as he was making her pussy burn. She was thinking about how she hadn’t realized earlier what he wanted. It was a win-win situation for both of them, as they were both enjoying a good fuck and she would have gotten her freedom earlier. Nevertheless, she fucked him all day long and she loved it when she sat on top of him. That way she felt control over his dick and she did as well as she could for her first time. What a hot looking girl! Her body is exactly the type I like. Fit, feminine and curvy. Not an ounce of fat on that insane body. Her ass is incredible and she’s got such a pretty face… and it looks good, stuffed with that monster meat.