When a cute petite lil horndog tried to wake her boyfriend for some playtime, he was not interested. Annoyed, she took her dildo and went to the bathroom. She was so horny and she needed to let go of the sexual tension. She tried hard to satisfy herself with her suction dildo when she heard her boyfriend. It sounded like he was fucking somebody! Blonde teen was infuriated as she thought he was cheating on her with another girl. Her boyfriend was in bed with a sex doll that had a wig and shoving his dick inside it! Being angry with him she threw her dildo at his head and it stuck to his forehead! Since he’s a dickhead already, might as well make use of it. As the dildo was still attached to his head, the girl sat on it and started jumping up and down. He was looking at her pussy above him and his dick was going crazy. Petite blonde took his dick out and started blowing it as she sat on his face. They were eating each other in the good old 69. The guy was eager to get his dick inside her small pussy, so she sat on top of him and spread her legs. He started banging her like that and he was hitting her hard immediately. He jerked her tiny body downward as he thrust up into her, burying his hard cock to the hilt. The feeling was indescribable as she was totally impaled on his monster cock. The girl was moaning and sucking her dildo as she was enjoying that intense penetration. A little slut like her deserves a good fuck in the ass! His cock surely buried itself deep into her asshole. With his cock pistoning in and out of her ass, her face screwed up from all the indescribable sensations. His balls slapping against her asscrack. Wanna feel that tight little ass squeeze your cock as she cums? She is your little asshole whore! Her cute little ass was still shaking from the orgasm when he moved his cock from her ass to her pussy. Her dildo was going inside her pussy as her boyfriend was smashing her ass. She had him fuck all her holes and he was enjoying it much more than his sex doll. They ended the fuck with a lot of juices. 