Jimmy is a teenager who plays football in high school. One day, his coach came to his house to discuss training and his performances, but Jimmy’s girlfriend, who is a tiny Asian naughty, also came there that day. For her, that wasn’t just any day. It was a cock day! It was the day when she was supposed to fuck Jimmy. He tried to explain to her that he has to speak with his couch, but she didn’t want to listen. She grabbed his dick over his pants and made it hard immediately. Since she was so eager, and Jimmy couldn’t say no, a few minutes later, a little slut was on her knees with his dick in her mouth. His coach heard that something is going on, so he went to the bathroom and saw the young couple. Once the black man heard that they are about to come out, he ran into the bedroom and hid in a closet. Right after him, the teens got into the bedroom. The girl lay on the bed and took off her panties so that Jimmy could lick her beautiful shaved pussy. Jimmy started doing it, but he didn’t do it quite as she expected since he has never done it before. When the inexperienced boy ran out of breath trying to eat pussy and needed a time out, he went to the kitchen to have some water. His young naked girlfriend kept lying on the bed and masturbating. At that point, the coach ran out of the closet with his pants off! His dick was hard, and he just ran into an Asian girl’s pussy! The coach knew how to drill young horny girls properly! Her teen pussy was being stretched beyond belief, the big black cock was making inroads into areas she had never had probed before. “Oh fuck yes!” she moaned. She pulled her plaid skirt up around her waist for him. His huge cock was deep in her sopping hole.   The girl rode his dick and let him bang her in doggy style while he was spanking her cute slutty ass. He was fucking her while Jimmy was bringing water, but once he heard he was coming back, he ran back into the closet again. She pushed him onto the bed and kept sucking his cock. She didn’t want him to cum prematurely so she stopped and let him take a rest. Then the girl sat on him and guided his cock into her wet hole. She had seen plenty of porn movies and wanted to ride his cock. She moved on him slowly, then increased the pace, grinding his cock into her little 18 year old cunt. She began impaling herself on his rod. Then the naked girl got on all fours, just like she did with the coach. The black dude just couldn’t take it anymore! While Jimmy was fucking his girlfriend, the coach jumped out of the closet and came all over his girlfriend’s face! It was amazing. Jimmy had never seen so much cum! His coach came hard, his huge black cock shot spurts and spurts of thick cum all over her face. His girlfriend was finally happy with that pulsing schlong on her face. Finally someone showed Jimmy how it is done. Coach told him that he expects to see him on practice for tomorrow and went out of the room, leaving Jimmy and his girlfriend with his cum on her face. His girlfriend wanted Jimmy to giver her a facial like that.