A cute, slutty, and incredibly kinky college girl and a dude rent rooms from a married couple. One day, she was under the shower when he walked into the bathroom. She was playing with her pussy under the shower, and when she saw that her roommate was about to brush his teeth, she decided to do a little trick on him. She is a type of girl who can really squirt a lot, so when she felt that she was about to spray, she moved the shower curtains aside and squirted all over his face, his toothbrush, the mirror, etc. Judging by the size of the wet stain, she can squirt a lot. She then just walked out of the bathroom fully naked, laughing at what she did. He was shocked, so he decided to give her his revenge. It sets off a prank battle with the ultimate showdown: squirt versus cum! A few hours later, he hid in a closet in her room, without her knowing he is there. Her friend walked inside and gave her some teacups as a present. Right when she opened them and told her how much she likes them, he ran out of the closet with his dick hard and came all over her teacups! The girls were shocked, and he just ran out of the room. Later that day, he and the landlord were sitting in a living room and watching TV.   The two girls agreed to do another trick on him. The girl who squirts a lot asked her friend to take her cell phone and record her while she squirts all over him. That is exactly what happened, after which their landlord ran after the girl with a cell phone. With things already messy, these two realize they should just settle their differences with a satisfying fuck. At first, she sat on his face and made him lick her dripping wet pussy, from which she just squirted all over him. She then lay on her back on the couch and let him give her a proper pussy licking, just how she likes it. She kept squirting into his mouth all the time. After that, it was time for her to give him some oral pleasure, so she grabbed his dick and stuck it down her throat as deep as she could. She was sucking it like a lustful naughty, after which she sat on his dick and rode it, impaling herself down the whole length of his cock. They were both fully naked on the couch and fucking in many various positions. He banged her in the doggy style and missionary pose and also gave her a good sidefuck. She was so horny and continuously squirting. Even though she squirted right before they started having sex, she was still able to spray again. As he drilled her pussy, her body responding with one squirting orgasm after another. Squirt and cum flying all over the place!