Ever since I started watching porn, I always fantasized about making my porn video, in which I would be a director and a starring actor at the same time. After all those years recently, my dream finally came true. I found one gorgeous chick who has already done a few porn movies, and she agreed, for a reasonable fee, to let me fuck her while filming her at the same time. She is in her late twenties and has blonde hair, a pretty face, big natural tits, a hot body, a gorgeous ass, and a shaved pussy. She pays a lot of attention to how she looks, so her nails and toenails are always perfect, which is something I especially like about girls. When we started making a video, she wore high heels, a green skirt, and a white tank top. She didn’t wear a bra, and below her skirt, she had white thongs with a slot on the place where her pussy is. She took off her tank top and kneeled in front of me. She wanted to suck my cock right away! However, I wanted to film her playing with herself first as a teaser. I told her to lay on her back on the floor, spread her legs so that I could see her pussy, and play with her beautiful tits. Blonde then put her feet high up in the air and spread her pussy for me. After I made my teaser, I let her suck my cock, which she started doing with such joy that it looked like she doesn’t do it just for the money. She looked so hot with my fat dick stuck in her mouth while watching me with those pretty eyes of hers. She was gagging on my dick and made horny noises while playing with her tits and arching forward so that I could see her stunning ass cheeks divided with a thong. Even though I had a fantastic view for my film while she sucked my cock on her knees, I had to lay down on the floor, too, so she continued giving me a blowjob like that. After she sucked my cock and made it 100 percent hard, she sat on my dick and started riding it in high heels. As she was jumping on my cock, her beautiful tits were bouncing up and down, and she was fucking me like a real pro that she is. She then took off her high heels and started riding my dick with her back facing me so that I could film her gorgeous ass. This wild barefoot cowgirl also spread her ass cheeks wide so that I could have a clear look at her slutty butt hole. She eventually took off her skirt too and let me fuck her in a doggy style, which I did until I finally came all over her gorgeous boobs for a perfect ending. 