All Johnny wanted was some peace and quiet in order to study. However, his stepsister, a slutty, kinky tattooed girl with purple hair and ear tunnels, had other things in mind. Since she likes heavy metal and learns to play the guitar, she wanted to use that time for practice. On the other side, her stepbrother was planning to study for his exam since, unlike her, he is planning to go to college. She didn’t want to stop shredding, but she said that she would if he would be her bitch for the day! By that, she meant putting some sissy clothes and a leash on him! Since he really wanted to study, he agreed to it. Once she dressed him as she wanted, she made him to lick her shoes. While he was lying on the floor, she sat on him and played with her pussy. When he thought that she is finally done, she had another request. Now she wanted him to dominate her and treat her like a bad little girl. He liked that, so he made her take off all of her clothes except her thongs and purple stockings. He spanked her ass and spread her butt hole so that he could lick it. His stepsis had a perfect ass, easily the best he had ever seen. When he finished licking her ass hole, he took off her thongs and made her sit on his face so that he could lick her pussy. He quickly brought her to a squirting orgasm with his mouth and fingers. He was working her G spot and rubbing her clit and the bitch squirted all over his face. Her pussy was so wet, and her ass was so red from spanking.   When she got really horny, she kneeled on the floor and opened her mouth so that her stepbrother could stick his dick in it. He fucked her face rough and hard, just how she wanted it. She was gagging on it and spitting all the spit on her cute little pierced tits. She was so messy and filthy and called herself a whore. After she gave her stepbrother a blowjob, this tattooed slut sat on his dick on the couch and rode it like a fucking cowgirl. She cried as she squirted all over his hard thrusting cock! One squirting orgasm after another! He kept fucking her harder and harder, his balls were slapping against her ass aggressively, until she squirted all over him again. It was amazing. While she was doing it, he spanked her cute little ass. The sound of her stepbrother’s balls tapping her ass turned her on so much that she couldn’t stop squirting all over the place. Her stepbrother fucked her better than any guy she ever fucked before. He banged her in the doggy style, too, and smashed her squirting pussy. He pounded his huge cock into her like a wild man, as her teen cunt squirted all over him. When he was about to cum, he grabbed her hair and made her kneel again. She opened her slutty mouth and waited for his cum like a filthy whore that she is. She kept squirting when swallowed his jizz!