Lucas is a young and handsome guy, but for some reason, he didn’t have much success with girls so far. It is mostly because he is too kind and doesn’t know to behave when girls get naughty and eager to fuck. Therefore, one day he asked his stepsister to give him some advice, which she gladly did. She explained to him that, at the party, when girls get drunk, they simultaneously become slutty and want to fuck. The way how they usually let the guy know about it is by performing a lap dance, that is rubbing their ass over his dick, which is exactly what his stepsister started doing to Lucas. The next thing that the girls do in such situations is slightly uncovering their bodies, so his stepsister started pulling up her dress. She didn’t wear and panties, but she explained to her stepbrother that real sluts never wear any underwear. Of course, one thing led to another, and it was evident that she was about to fuck. She kneeled in front of him and pulled down his pants, and his hard cock jumped right in front of her! She took it in her hand and put it in her mouth, and started sucking it like a lustful filthy slut that she is. She also licked his balls like a real fucking pornstar and showed how good she is at pleasing men. She sucked one ball into her mouth, then the other. Then she fit both of them into her mouth with no hands. When she was done with giving him a blowjob, it was time for the to be fucked, but she told Lucas that, before fucking a girl, he must make her ready first. That meant that he has to lick her pussy first and make it nice and wet for the dick.   His naked sister lay back on the bed and spread her legs, putting one leg high up in the air. She had beautiful feet with colorful toenails. Lucas licked his stepsister’s beautiful shaved pussy, wiggling his tongue deep into her vagina, sucking my clit, biting on it, kissing her labia. He never imagined that he would learn how to satisfy a girl from his own stepsister! When she came in his mouth, he stuck his cock in her. She began grinding her pelvis against him, enjoying the feeling of his hot cock inside. The sexy naked girl put her arms around him, hugged him, and kissed him while sitting on his dick, grinding her pussy onto his cock again and again. They went to bed, where she continued riding his dick like a nasty cowgirl, and she was so horny that she even squirted! Lucas couldn’t hold out any longer and was ready to cum. His sister felt it, put his hot throbbing cock between her pussy lips and began rubbed herself against his cock, making him cum high in the air! His cock pulsed against her, and jet after jet of cum covered her pussy in sperm. In the end, he banged her in the doggy style and spanked her cute little ass to make her feel like a slut that she is. After she got fucked good, she told him that real sluts love when guys cum in the mouth. Lucas was a little surprised, but his stepsis got on her knees and told him to shoot his semen right in her open mouth. He came all over her face, and she ate as much cum as possible. 