Imagine your girlfriend has such roommate, a cute redhead teen with amazing, big breasts! One day, his girlfriend was supposed to be out of town, so he came to her place to play with her roommate. There were in the bathroom, where he just couldn’t control himself anymore. He hugged the redhead beauty tightly, kissing her directly on the lips. Slowly he pushed her top up just above her tits. They are so firm and full, and her nipples are very hard. You have never seen breasts more beautiful than this cutie has. He started kissing and sucking her soft nipples. Holding her boobs in hands and lifting them up he kissed one tit then the other, flicking the tip of her nipples with his tongue. And it made him a little bolder. He pulled down her shorts and slutty red thongs so that he could lick her pussy and finger it too. Once he was done with that, the redhead cutie unbuttoned his pants and pulled them down, and his hard cock was waiting for her. She grabbed it with her mouth and started giving him a blowjob. After she sucked his dick for a few minutes, they both got fully naked and went under the shower. He was banging her with her face pressed against the wall when suddenly his girlfriend walked inside!!! She came back earlier than planned, and she didn’t notice them at first. She sat on a toilet to pee, but then she caught them after all. She was so pissed, but not at her roommate, only at her boyfriend. She kicked him out of the bathroom fully naked and then gently licked her naked roommate on her neck, showing her boyfriend that she is the one who is going to fuck her today. He started slapping the door and requesting to at least get his clothes back, but all he got was one sock. While the redhead babe was sitting at the sink, his girlfriend was sucking her tit and fingering her pussy. She then kneeled in front of her and started licking her pussy, giving her an oral pleasure that only a woman can provide. There in front of her was the most beautiful pussy you have ever seen. It was completely shaved and glistening with her sweet juices. Once the naked girls were done with that, they went to bed, where they started scissoring like two naughty lesbian babes. Right while they were doing it, her boyfriend somehow managed to break into the room and catch them in action. She started arguing with him again, but very soon, her roommate came up with an idea, which they all agreed to. The cutie suggested to forget about everything and just enjoy together all three of them! She pushed both of them on the bed, took the sock off his dick, and started giving him a blowjob. He and his girlfriend started making out in a matter of seconds, and a crazy threesome could begin. The next thing you know, the busty redhead cutie was riding his dick, while his girlfriend was kissing her and rubbing her pussy. After that, she got smashed by her boyfriend in a missionary position while simultaneously licking her roommate’s pussy. She was sitting on her face rubbing her pussy all over her face. He fucked them and gave both hot naked girls a nasty facial. 