A beautiful blonde teen babe came to spend a weekend with her boyfriend in a luxurious penthouse on the top of the building. On a Saturday night, she put her bikini on and went to their private outdoor pool, where she waited for him. How does anyone resist such a sexy girlfriend when she is in the mood? They were drinking champagne and talking when they spontaneously started kissing. They both got turned on, so he took off his shorts. His dick was already hard, and while they were kissing, she took it in her small hand and started slowly stroking it. Her gaze fixed on the length of his shaft. Her wet red lips were opening in anticipation. One of her hands was massaging his balls, and the other one held his dick and brought it close to her lips. She gave him a fantastic blowjob on the edge of the pool, with her stunning ass arched up in the air. When the sexy blonde babe was done with sucking cock, they moved inside and went onto the bed. She took off her bikini and lay on the back. Holding onto his head she pushed her pelvis up against his mouth. He he licked her beautiful shaved pussy, kissing and sucking on her clit. Then he lifted her into the air and impaled her onto his cock. She started moving her pelvis slowly backward and forward, up and down, encouraging him to pound her from below. His testicles were slapping against her clit, and his pubic bone slapped against her ass cheeks. She screamed out as the fucking caused the most powerful orgasm she had ever had. She rode his dick for a while, after which she got banged in a doggy style and enjoyed the view of the city simultaneously. His dick was big, and it was going so deep into her beautiful pussy. She screamed in pleasure as she had either one never ending orgasm or a rapid series of orgasms. They got in a pose 69. She was so lustful while sucking his dick again and enjoyed having her pussy licked at the same time. While he was licking her pussy, she sucked his cock so good that he eventually came all over her face. His cock became messy with jizz, but this cute naughty cleaned it all with her tongue. It was a perfect night indeed. 