I fucked many guys before, but I have never tried a black cock before. Finally I met a black guy and couldn’t wait him to give me that satisfaction and allow him to fulfill my dream. Nothing makes my pussy wetter than masturbating and thinking about his cock. I was very excited! I wanted to feel him cumming in my pussy! My pussy was leaking juices all day thinking of having a big black cock up my little pussy. After we met, I kneeled in front of him and started licking his huge black dick like icecream. I licked his balls, spat on his cock, and made such a mess, but I cleaned all the mess with my tongue. His black cock was a full nine inches long and at least two inches thick. His cock head was so big that my mouth stretched over it painfully. My jaw was stretched over his massive cock and he pushed my head down until his dick shut off my air. He let me to suck in a big breath of air and then kept fucking my mouth. My head bobbed up and down as his hands held my head. I know, I’m a good little cocksucker, with natural lust and desire to be dirty and filthy. After I gave him a blowjob, she lay on the floor, and I sat on his face. He was licking my wet pussy and I moved my pussy all around, smearing my juices all over his face. I really wanted his cock in my pussy! He placed me on my back and spread my legs. My pussy was aching to feel it. He positioned himself between my legs and his long black cock prodded my itchy hole. The feeling of his tool stretching my little pussy was divine!!!   My pussy throbbed in intense pleasure as he began fucking mu with long deep strokes. “Ohhh, please let me cum, fuck me and let me cum,” I begged. I began to cum as he let out a cry and I could feel his cum fill my pussy. I felt the warm jet of semen pulse from his hard cock and flood my vagina. He pulled his long cock out and his cum dripped out of my pussy onto the floor. After he fucked me in a missionary position, he let me sit on his huge dick and ride it like a cowgirl! I was happy like a kid in a playground. He spanked my little ass while I was going up and down on his dick. I pushed and pushed while sitting on his massive cock impaling myself. I heard the squishing sound as my pussy opened up and his huge cock-head popped inside. I heard my voice crying out in ecstasy. The feeling of his long hard cock in me spurting cum over and over was beyond any feeling I ever experienced before. He fucked my pussy rough and hard, and once he took his dick out, I rapidly turned around and grabbed it with my mouth. Then he started banging me in a doggy style. I adored the sound of his cum soaked balls tapping my cute little ass. I looked down between my legs to see his big nut sack slap against my butt. My pussy started a long stream of cum dropping out on and splattering thickly on the floor. He grunted and moaned and ejaculated in me.