A nasty babe was in the sauna one day when another couple was about to join them. Once they both got in, he sat right next to the woman who was already there. She purposely released her towel a little bit so that her right tit could be seen. His wife went on the higher level and lay on her back, putting a towel over her face. The slutty woman and the unfaithful husband were left out of her sight to play. She saw an opportunity to wrap her tits around a hard cock when he clearly couldn’t keep his eyes off her. She immediately removed her towel and showed him her gorgeous naked pussy. He got turned on in a second! She put her head in his lap and started playing with her pussy. His hands moved to her amazing breasts and she let him squeeze her beautiful big tits. They’re so soft and full. Just perfect. When his dick became fully hard, she took it and started sucking it. He just looked at his sleeping wife as the slut’s mouth sucked his dick, pumping and drooling all over it with those luscious lips. She gave him a fantastic blowjob, and then she put his cock between her tits and stroked it with them. She was fucking his cock with her gorgeous tits on her knees in front of him. He could not believe what was happening! He would never have dreamed in a million years that a hot young busty naked girl, he just met, would be doing this to him with his wife right behind his back. After some big tits teasing right under his oblivious wife’s nose, a casual shvitz turns into a sweaty, slippery fuck. Naked girl sat on his dick and started riding it like a wild nasty cowgirl, while, at the same time, he rubbed her clit with his hand and made her even hornier than she was. Her beautiful big tits were bouncing on her chest, he reached up and began to grope them. She got on all fours with her ass sticking up in the air, wiggling her ass for him.   She was a strikingly beautiful young woman, and in a doggy style, she was even more beautiful. Her big tits were again hanging beneath her chest rocking back and forth with each of his strokes. She pushed her perfect ass back onto him, she reached between her legs and cupped his balls in her hand massaging them. She wanted to moan so loud, but he begged her to control herself so that his wife wouldn’t hear them. However, while he was fucking her in the doggy style, his wife saw them, punched him, and walked out of the sauna. He was so turned on that he couldn’t even bring himself to pull out while trying to apologize. Once left alone he was able to truly worship her big all natural tits. He continued banging her in the doggy style, after which the beauty sat on his cock and rode it like a cowgirl again. They were both fully naked, and their bodies were steamy with sweat. He enjoyed having her stroke his cock with her pussy while holding her gorgeous ass with his hands. She loves how guys play with her big natural titties. He pulled and shook those boobs. He squeezed em hard, then soft, then shook em and slapped em, then squeezed em hard some more. She pressed her big natural tits against me and moaned. He smashed her pussy in so many poses, and eventually, he lifted her in the air while his cock was still in her pussy, and then he fucked her in a standing position like that. It was their best experience in any sauna ever before!