This breathtaking army brunette was in the middle of a steamy lesbian fucking session with her girlfriend when they heard a sergeant nearby. The two immediately spit and the other chick left, leaving the brunette naked under a blanket. However, she isn’t one to be ashamed of her beautiful naked body. She’s proud of it! She wants him to stare, to watch, to ogle! As a punishment, this hottie was forced to do push ups. However, she decided to make the best of it and do her best to seduce her superior. With just a pair of military pants on, the hottie started teasing while pretending to exercise. Her big, round tits were going up and down as she fooled around on the floor, waiting for the moment the sergeant gave in. Fortunately, that happened rather quickly. Just like that, the man lowered this babe’s pants down, exposing both of her tight, little holes. He squeezed and spread her ass cheeks wide apart only to put his face between them and start slobbering on her tight asshole. The naked woman immediately started moaning in pleasure feeling the guy drooling all over both of her holes as she pushed her ass back towards him, eager to feel him as hard as possible. To return the favor, she turned around on all fours and took his schlong with her luscious lips. The sergeant was already rock and this army chick immediately started deepthroating. I’ll show you how to lick pussy when there are a lot of guys with blue balls around! He made her choke on that boner and swallow it whole! Just using her mouth wasn’t enough for this man, so he put his meat between her large breasts and fucked them as well. She moaned in excitement! The naked woman mounted him in a reverse cowgirl and her dripping wet snatch slid all the way down on his cock. Just seconds later, she was being hammered from underneath while the guy squeezed and fondled her big boobs. The lesbian was now screaming in pleasure and begging for more and that’s when they took things further. She lied on her back and her sergeant slowly inserted his rod inside her tight asshole. That butt was made for fucking! Perfect tits, perfect ass. He was being gentle at first, stretching her completely, but then he picked up the pace and ravaged that tight asshole in every position imaginable before exploding with cum. 