This breathtaking blonde babe was getting her makeup on while her boyfriend was making dinner arrangements for them at the restaurant. She was wearing her sexy, black lingerie in front of the mirror and was looking absolutely stunning. A beautiful face on a body that is to die for with a pair of firm, round tits and a big, bubbly ass make her a true sex bomb. Having finished with the makeup, she turned to her boyfriend for his help with the dress. Both choices were equally hot and, when she put one particularly tight and glamorous on, the boyfriend noted how she might look better without the bra on. The blonde was more than happy to remove it. Before putting the dress back on, the boyfriend managed to take a good look at those magnificent breasts with pierced nipples, and he even got a squeeze in. The girl was focused on getting ready for dinner as she didn’t want to be late, but the man was relentless. All dressed up, he pushed her to the bed and she ended up on all fours in front of him. Already getting turned on, the blonde lifted her dress and moved those thin black panties to the side, revealing two tight holes. Her man was already rock hard and his cock was out, so he simply approached his girlfriend and inserted that throbbing schlong inside her aching snatch! Just like that, he went all the way in so he started pounding her doggy style. Just seconds later, the babe was moaning in pleasure while being dicked down balls deep.   He couldn’t resist such an amazing ass and had to start spanking it while drilling his beautiful girlfriend. With his balls slapping against her clit the hottie completely forgot about their reservation. In one swift motion, she took that skimpy dress off and turned around to give her man a sloppy blowjob. Tasting her pussy juices on the shaft only made her hungry for more so she started deepthroating and drooling on it. All of that only made her hornier so blonde lied down on her back, spread her slim legs, moved those sexy panties to the side once more, and took that huge dong again. Right off the bat, the boyfriend started pounding vigorously. He was going so deep and she was turned on so much that her cunt started creaming all over his man meat. Losing her mind, she kept switching between fondling her tits and rubbing her pulsating clit, eager to enhance the pleasure as much as possible. Finally, she was pushed over the edge and came intensely, screaming and shaking. That didn’t stop her to switch places with her boyfriend and straddle him like a lusty cowgirl. This time, she was the one controlling the tempo. Tireless, she rode her man until he reached his limits and then pulled away to drain his balls all over her pretty face. His cock jerked in her hand. Splat! All across her tongue and, splat, one more into her open mouth. Splat! Splat! More followed on her chin. She kept on pumping. Working his cock for all she was worth. Splat. Splat. Splat. Covered in cum, she went back to riding him.