His dad has recently married a sexy black-haired babe. His new stepmom is really hot and she likes to work around the house and have it in great shape. When she does the chores, she likes to be in high heels and in her favorite summer dress. The dude is crushing on her, and he hasn’t stopped thinking about her tits ever since she moved in. He thought how good her sex skills must be. He loved to follow her around the house and just look at her gorgeous ass. As she was getting ready to clean the floors, she removed her dress so the bleach wouldn’t get onto it. The half naked stepmom was in a pink lingerie set and her tits were so huge, they were falling out of her bra. The boy couldn’t control himself anymore, so he took his dick out and started masturbating behind her back. His dick was becoming hard as a rock and he kept playing as he was watching the MILF clean the floors. At one point, she noticed him and she found it sweet that he was masturbating because of her. She wanted a better look at his young cock, so she invited him to come closer. The boy listened and the mom liked what she was. With open lips, she circled the tip of his dick with her tongue, never taking her eyes off him. This brunette loves sucking and as she liked this dick, she wanted to show him how much better she is than all his girlfriends. The young girls just can’t suck cock like she does it. She removed her bra and let her beautiful tits run free. She told him to place his cock between them! It felt so good there, and he got a hot titjob with her set of melons. After it, the sexy naked woman continued sucking the boy’s dick. Her pussy was all wet and she couldn’t wait to have it satisfied. She turned around and he got behind her. He started fucking her gently, but soon he was going the hardest he could. He fucked her all around the bathroom and they ended the session on the floor. His balls were full and ready to unload. He pulled his dick out of her and jizzed over her tits. This stepmom was so hot and he couldn’t wait to tell all his friends how he fucked her while his father was gone. 