This couple enjoyed their first homemade sex tape so much that they decided to share it! This dashing amateur babe with a body that is to die for was feeling all hot and horny from the moment she woke up. With that tight figure on full display, she was facing the balcony door with her slim legs spread wide. Her slender hand was already all over that tight, pink, smoothly shaved pussy as the girl was rubbing herself vigorously. The boyfriend was holding the camera and recording every inch of his gorgeous naked girlfriend. When he went around her to take that beautiful snatch up close, the hottie was more than happy to put on an even better show. One of her fingers gently went inside that tiny hole and she was now fingering herself with a passion. A couple of moments later, and the girlfriend was getting even hornier. She lifted both of her legs up and was now gently slapping that beautiful cunt while going all over it with her hand. Unable to resist any longer, the man took her to the bathroom where he sat her on the sink and started slobbering on her pussy. She was now wearing cute sneakers and a tight crop-top. Her hard nipples were clearly visible through the thin fabric. She and her boyfriend took turns squeezing those tits. Then, they decided to take things further. The boyfriend stood up with his rock-hard boner poking towards the chick, so she eagerly grabbed it with both hands. Stroking the shaft and feeling every vein on it, the sexy girl was teasing just enough to make that dick throb.   That’s when he finally placed the tip next to her cunt and pushed inside. His massive dong went in without effort and, just moments later, the guy was banging his striking girlfriend balls deep. She was breathing heavily while taking a pounding, still wearing her sporty bra and panties. After short but intense drilling, the girl dropped to the floor and turned around, giving the man her mesmerizing backside. Standing bent over the bathroom sink, she patiently waited as he teased before he started to ram her doggy style. The guy lifted one of her legs up and kept hammering balls deep. Wanting to enter her as deep as possible, he was holding the back of her head with one hand and that firm ass with the other, pulling her back and impaling her all the way on his man meat. When he pulled out, the cutie was more than happy to go down on her knees and give him another quick blowjob before going back to being railed doggy style. All that intense pounding quickly brought the man to his limits and he pulled out to shoot streams of sticky jizz all over his girlfriend’s perfect booty who kept rubbing her holes bent over. The fun stopped there but it was far from over. The couple went to the roof where they continued having all sorts of dirty fun. From masturbation to teasing and hardcore pounding, there was no stopping these two. Right there in the middle of Barcelona! The risk of getting caught in the act by their neighbours gave it all an extra excitement. Gosh beautiful couple, especially her, breathtakingly sexy babe.