It is Valentine’s Day and everybody is feeling festive. My step sister was making a card for her boyfriend and she was thinking about a present. I was there giving her advice on how to make her boyfriend happy. She said she wanted to buy him a teddy bear, but I told her that men prefer nudes to any gift. She was a bit shy and she thought it is slutty. But finally, I managed to change her mind and she decided to go with nudes. I offered to help her and we went to the couch to make a surprise for her boyfriend. First, I asked her to show off her titties. My sis has parky tits and I snapped great photos of them. Next, she showed her naked ass. I promised her that her man would be thrilled! And finally, I asked her to stretch her pussy as I took a photo of it. Lying on her back with both legs high in the air she spread her pussy for the camera. She hold her pink pussy lips for a minute to allow me to make a close up on her pussy. My sis was all dressed up and ready to go with all her sexy presents. My stepsis has made a valentine present for her boyfriend, but when he ended up breaking up with her, she decided to take her revenge! She was so pissed off and she wanted instant revenge. She planned to fuck somebody and send her ex the video of her with someone else.   I was shocked when she asked me to help her with that. She came up to me and asked me to take my dick out! I was a bit intimidated, but she grabbed my erection and slapped it against her tongue! My sister was on her knees, blowing my dick and balls. She began moaning with my nuts in her mouth leaving lipstick marks on them. Her tongue never stopped swirling. With a satisfied smile on her plump red lips she kept sucking my dick. After she was done, she sent her ex the video to make him angry. The same day late evening we found rose petals on the floor. The petals lead to the parent’s bedroom, there were some presents on the bed. We found a red lingerie set and a butt plug! It was a present for her mom from my dad! My sister decided to try it on and send some more photos to her ex. She put it on and started playing with me again. This time, after a blow, she wanted to go further. She sat on me and let my dick inside her sweet pussy. She wanted to celebrate Valentine’s with sex, and with my dick. The plug was tempting her, so she decided to try it. She put it in and she continued her ride on her bro’s cock. We were fucking in our parents’ bed and hoping we won’t get caught. Luckily, the parents arrived home late, so my horny sister had enough time to cum all over my dick.