Ah, military life for two army babes! A glance here, smile there. They sneak inside and bar the door, hungry to tear off the harsh uniform and kiss, lick, bite, and please the tight bodies underneath! Just seconds later, the two started fondling each other and making out. A voluptuous brunette MILF with a pair of massive tits took the initiative and started undressing her lesbian girlfriend. The other hottie, who was this skinnier chick with short, black hair and a pair of smaller but perkier, firm tits enjoyed being teased and licked. To return the favor, she took her girlfriend’s shirt off and started slobbering on her boobs. That’s how they started taking turns playing with each other’s tits, moaning in pleasure, and caressing themselves to no end. It wasn’t long before the rest of the clothes went away. Shirts went away first and army shorts followed closely. From there on out, these two lesbians were left in nothing but their undies. The black-haired chick ended up on her back, spreading legs for her busty lesbian lover who immediately went for that pulsating snatch. She could see that trimmed pussy even before she took her girlfriend’s panties off. She was rubbing and teasing before finally burying her pretty face inside that dripping wet snatch. Enjoying a warm tongue inside her tight hole, the black-haired beauty was taking turns between sucking on her thumb and grabbing the hair of her lesbian lover to force her harder between her legs. The longer they went, the harder the girl was spreading her legs for all that wet pussy licking and rough fingering. Two naked girls swapped places and now it was the busty brunette’s turn to have her cunt licked and sucked. After making it wet with her tongue, the short-haired babe quickly went to fingering before placing her tongue back on it. All that pussy licking got them hungry for more exciting positions. Hot naked woman mounted her lesbian lover and rode her mouth as the other chick rubbed her pussy. From face sitting, the girls turned into a sixty-nine. Eating each other out, both babes were moaning in pleasure with their pussies aching for more. Finally, this army lesbian duo ended up facing each other and scissoring with a passion until both of them came intensely multiple times. 