This fit and beautiful teen babe was in the middle of a workout session in her dorm room when her boyfriend barged in. He immediately went after his girlfriend and started groping her from behind. She was doing her best to resist, doing squats and teasing the guy with her sexy cute little ass but, being horny and impatient, he dropped her shorts down and started slobbering all over her wet pussy. He licked her pussy and sucked on her clit, then slid two fingers between the fold of her wet pussy lips. Her pussy was clean shaven, she just had left a trimmed triangle above her lovely slit. The girl was still trying to exercise but her moans of pleasure were getting louder by the second. Soon enough, she completely gave in to pussy licking and went on the bed on all fours. There, the boyfriend kept teasing, rubbing, and fingering her before pulling his massive, rock-hard dick out and quickly shoving it inside her pulsating snatch. That took the hottie by a surprise and she instantly started screaming in pleasure during that vigorous doggy style hammering. This babe has the sexiest ass I had ever seen! He grabbed her bubble ass cheeks and thrust into her harder, savagely slamming his hips against her ass, driving his cock deep in her cunt. She too started propelling her ass back-wards into his hard cock, to meet his thrusts into her from behind. Sexy girl was so loud that another college cutie heard her through a wall in the room next to them.   This other girl got instantly turned on so she grabbed her vibrator and started masturbating to the couple fucking behind the wall. They, on the other hand, kept going faster and harder until, at one point, the guy pounded his girlfriend’s wet pussy so hard she broke the wall in front of her and went through it. That’s where she found the other chick all worked up. After a moment of confusion, she immediately went for her wet cunt as the boyfriend kept drilling from behind! The boyfriend took a while to realize his girlfriend was having fun with another hottie and that’s when all three of them went wild. Both girls grabbed his cock and began sucking it together. They worked their mouths up and down his shaft; their soft, pink lips caressing every nerve and fibre as they shared his beautiful dick. After a double blowjob, the girl next door jumped onto him, straddling his cock. Within a minute she was cumming all over his cock again and screaming as her body convulsed with pleasures. His girlfriend watched another girl riding her man and then climbed him and impaled her cunt balls deep in one fast dip. She was bouncing on his cock with wild abandon. The other girl was cheering her on! He fucked both girls relentlessly and into multiple intense orgasms before reaching his limits and covering them with loads of sticky cum. Two naked girls kept kissing and licking each other.