When a teenage girl is horny she literally can’t sit still in the chair! As her mother, her mother’s friend and her stepdad were sitting at the dinner table she removed her panties to a side and began rubbing her clit against the pillow trying to please herself. Her stepdad couldn’t believe his eyes. His wife’s friend wasn’t too good either since she started putting her foot on his cock under the table! The young nubile girl pulled up her skirt a little bit so that her panties could be seen, and she started touching his dick over his pants. Finally, his wife noticed that something strange is going on, so she ordered him to stand up. He stood up with his hard dick out. Poor wife started yelling at him, saying that she wants a divorce. Her friend, who was touching her husband’s dick with her foot just a few seconds ago, held her and tried to calm her down by taking her to another room. Her slutty daughter who was giving her husband a handjob under the table were left entirely alone, and they used that to have wild hardcore sex right at the table. He sat on a chair, and the little whore kneeled in front of him and started giving him a blowjob. His dick was the size of her forearm, but she still managed to put it whole in her mouth. The young horny teen coulsn’t wait for him to put his hot cock in her sopping wet, itching pussy. She pulled down her panties and leaned forward on the table so that he could fuck her ass hole and her pussy from behind. She moaned, arching her back, trying desperately to get fucked. After he licked both her holes, he stuck his dick in it. He was thrusting harder, faster, deeper, her cum squirting all over his cock. He pounded her so fast and furiously that a tiny girl had to hang on to the table. After she got fucked from behind, young naked girl sat on the table facing him and let him smash her beautiful shaved pussy in that position some more. He banged her on the table for a while, and then he put her on the chair. Since she is so tiny, she could easily arch in the doggy style pose, so he fucked her like that on a chair some more. Later it was him who sat on the chair, and she sat on his dick and kept slamming herself hard down onto his cock. Her beautiful shaved pussy was torn apart, and her needs were finally fulfilled. However, as the cherry on the top of the cake, she wanted him to cum all over her filthy face, which he did with great joy and pleasure. He sprayed the cum all over her, after which the naked girl kept lying messily on the floor. 