It all starts off with an innocent question: “Do you have a cigarette?” The local car worker had no idea he was about to have the best day of his life. A stunning brunette just came out of nowhere to ask for a cigarette while she was wearing red sexy undergarments. She casually walks over to the guy who had no idea what was about to go down. She was not shy either about her intentions. She immediately dropped her coat to reveal her sexy body! She was slim, with small perky tits, and a pussy that was burning hot looking to get stuffed! She took off her overcoat before he could finish saying he had a girlfriend and she showed up with the hottest piece of lingerie! Thin red straps that wrap around her beautiful body, just tight enough to show us her thick thighs. He had never seen an ass like that! Oh her big bubble ass was so beautiful! She watched from over her shoulder and giggled, twerking her naked ass for him. The dude took no time to think and went to work on her hood! The way she ate her out was just the foreplay the girl needed, leaving her soaking wet, eager to get down to business. There was no cigarette to suck on but there sure was something else – his big fat throbbing cock! The girl bent and swallowed that bazooka whole making it sloppy and slippery to prepare it for the main course. After an enthralling blowjob sesh, that nympho went on all four, leaving him to do what came 1st to his imagination. He stuck that veiny dick all the way up her cunt, feeling her insides. She was nice and warm, slippery as she could be! That thick ass was jiggling like hell as he was giving it to her Doggystyle. She was letting out moans of pleasure with every stroke. One can only hope that the roof of the car wasn’t hot as they fucked like bunnies on top of it. The reverse cowgirl was where the sassy and loud babe lost her mind! She was moaning and groaning since she couldn’t contain her desires anymore. She came once on his dick, gripping his wang with her pussy as she wants him to cum deep inside of her. He contained himself and keep pushing on. That ass spoke to him so he had to fuck her as she was laying on her belly and her pussy was right up in the air, waiting for him to take her entirely. The way her body was rocking back against his dick made the lucky chap get close to his final shot! Sexy babe rode him to his climax as he released his sperm deep inside her pleasure hole. What a workday to remember! 