Dude has been doing bad at school, and his dad wants him to start studying. His old man wants to make sure that his son goes to college. That is why he forbids him from seeing girls or doing anything that isn’t related to studying. While he was giving his pep talk, his girlfriend sneaked into the room through the window. She was making fun of his dad as he was lecturing him. She couldn’t wait for him to get out, so she could have some fun with her boyfriend’s big black cock. A little teen slut proved to be a challenging distraction. As soon as dad went out, the girl took her shorts off and took the guy’s dick out. She was just starting to make it hard as a rock when dad came back in. The dude tried to cover the girl with his book, and she kept blowing him under the desk as dad talked to him. Not satisfied with nearly getting caught, a bold girl stuck her leg out from under the desk to trip his dad. He realized what was going on and started yelling. The horny teenagers ran downstairs and locked themselves in the bathroom. His slutty girlfriend wanted to continue what they had begun. The couple was kissing passionately as the old man was behind the door. The girlfriend removed her top and placed his black dick between her Ebony boobs.   It was a sexy titjob and he had been waiting for it for a long time. But he wanted a proper blowjob, so the girl got on her knees and started sucking him. His balls were big and she loved to grab them as his dick was deep inside her mouth. The girl’s pussy was so wet and she couldn’t wait to get his dick inside it. She could wait no more. She lifted her leg up on the counter and her boyfriend got behind her. He entered her sweet cunt and started nailing her. The girl liked it fast and hard, so his dick went deep inside her as the balls slapped her. They were both so horny and they didn’t want to stop any time soon. This petite babe with the gorgeous face and massive booty turned around and spread her legs to have the dick inside her again. He went hardcore again, and he didn’t stop until he got what he wanted. She was holding her tits as the boy was destroying her. Soon, they moved to the floor, where the naked girl sat on top of him. This girl liked control and being on top made her feel powerful. Her Ebony ass was big and he was holding it as his black dick was destroying her cute pussy once again. They were so loud and didn’t care about the dad waiting for them to get out of the bathroom. All they could focus on is fucking and reaching climax. The girl couldn’t care less about his father, so she was so loud as she was enjoying good nailing. As they were getting close to finishing, Jake took his dick out and jizzed over her face.