Wonderful pairing of two precious beauties! Emily and Elsa are two gorgeous, slutty bisexual babes. The girls had sex together lots of times in the past, so they don’t need much to get in the mood for mutual pleasure. One time, they both got very horny in a public restroom. Emily saw Elsa wants her, so she approached her and started playing with her pussy, forcing her to say how much she wants to fuck. Very soon, they were both in a hotel room, fully naked on the bed. The girls started kissing each other and sucking each other’s tits when suddenly, a man walked into the room. He was invited by Emily as a surprise for Elsa, who didn’t felt shocked nor ashamed at all once she saw him. Emily started sucking his dick right away and then passed the cock to her friend, who also showed her blowjob skills. After both naked girls sucked his cock together, one of them lay on her back, and the other sat on her face. Elsa was licking Emily’s pussy while the man was licking her pussy, and then her ass hole as well. He licked her ass hole to prepare it for fucking, since soon he stuck his hard dick into her tight butt hole and started giving her some hardcore bareback fuck. Like a real slutty girl, the blonde slut spread her legs wide and put her beautiful feet high up in the air. After she had her ass hole fucked good, she let her girlfriend sat on the dick with her butt hole and rode it. Emily had a nice anal ride, after which she let Elsa enjoy the dick again. Blonde took her place and sat on the dick, and the guy spanked her gorgeous ass while she was slamming herself hard down onto him. Emily made her pussy wetter by spitting on it and rubbing her clit. She got jealous since she also wanted to her ass to be stretched out like that. Two stunningly beautiful and super sexy models took turns getting their tight anuses stretched to their limits. After having their tight asses destroyed both naked girls were happy to receive cum shower all over their pretty faces. They were all covered with jizz, and they kissed until the cum dried on their slutty, cute cheeks. Two of your best porn stars in the same scene , will your cock ever recover? 