It was Julie’s birthday and her favorite day of the year. She loves all the attention and she can’t wait to meet her friends. This stunning brunette was getting ready for her birthday party. She wanted to look fierce and make all her friends jealous. And when this lioness parties, she goes fully wild. She was in the bathroom, applying makeup to finish up her look. This babe was in a tight dress that made her look like a real star. Her boyfriend was watching her get ready and she was a true foxy lady. He loved how sexy she was and he couldn’t control his dick. It was rising and soon hard as a stone. He was unable to let her go without a quick fuck before the party. He came up to her and placed his hands on her ass. The birthday girl wanted to resist him, but his hands felt so good on her booty and tits. She wanted more. He lifted her dress and got down on his knees. She had no panties and it made him go truly wild. All he wanted was to cum all over her. He was licking her ass and her lovely pussy, moving up and down from one hole to the other. It was amazing birthday cunnilingus! His girl was already moaning as she was trying to keep her focus on the makeup. She had to do it while he was eating her. His dick was going to explode soon, so he took it out quickly. His babe was on her knees now and he pushed his hard dick into her mouth. Her lipgloss was in her hand, and she would try to put it on as his dick was going deep down her throat. She somehow managed to put it, but sucking a dick didn’t help it stay on long. But she didn’t care much as she was more interested in that dick. This brunette was the biggest fan of dicks and she couldn’t wait to have it in her cunt. It was freshly shaved and ready to take this package. The boyfriend went behind her and pushed it deep into her pussy. She loved that and he started nailing her hard as she continued doing her makeup. His sexy naked girlfriend then sat on top of him and gave him the greatest ride of his life. Soon she got the wettest present into her mouth. 