I always wanted to make a porn movie, making me a director and the starring actor at the same time. After lots of years, I finally decided to make my dream come true, so I got into the search for the lady who would be willing to fuck me on camera. When I was looking for the girl, I wasn’t too picky, but I knew from that start that one criterion she has to meet, and that is to have a big ass. I don’t know why, but girls with big butts always turned me on so much. Perhaps it is because of the fact that I like to spank and squeeze asses a lot, and I like it when there is some material to grab with my hands. Anyway, after a few weeks, I finally managed to hire one gorgeous babe from Arizona. She was blonde, had an amazing booty ass, big natural tits, a pretty face, and a tattoo on her right thigh. As an introduction to the video, I wanted her to tease the audience with her big ass in public, so we went near the road next to the local village, where she sucked her shorts into her ass cheeks and twerked while the cars were passing by. After I got my introduction shot, we returned to my house and continued filming in the kitchen. I told her to get on the kitchen table and asked her if she has ever fucked in a kitchen before, and she said to me that she fucked in multiple kitchens. That turned me on instantly since I like girls who don’t feel ashame to admit that they fuck a lot.   She showed me her tits and pulled down her slutty pink thongs so that I could see her pussy and ass one more time. She took off her shoes too, after which she barefoot moved to the living room. I lay on the couch, and she sat on my face with her wet pussy so that I could lick her clit. She twerked her big bubble ass all over my face, her wet cunt slapping against my mouth. I made her so horny very quickly, and I kept getting erections so frequently that I could no longer keep my dick inside my pants. And she didn’t want me to do it also. I unbuttoned my pants, and she spat on it and started sucking it like a real fucking pornstar. She stuck it all the way down her throat and gagged on it like a voluptuous naughty. While she was sucking my dick, she was looking at the camera almost the whole time, showing that she feels no shame in what she’s doing. After she gave me a blowjob, she took off her sweater too and got fully naked. She arched in a doggy-style pose, and I shoved my meat down her hot oven. I started banging her from behind, simultaneously spanking her booty ass. She was twerking her ass on my cock. Her ass was a pair of perfect round buttocks. This is the reason I like girls with big asses, not just cause they look wonderful, but they fuck like queens! I smashed her pussy and let her jump on my dick like an insatiable cowgirl until I finally came all over her face.