A beautiful teen girl in unicorn pajamas thought she would enjoy a quiet morning at home. However, what happened is that someone broke into her house, put a bag on her head, and tied her. He wanted to know where her parents keep their money and jewelry, but once he spoke, she recognized his voice. It was her friend Brad from school. He had no choice but to take off the beg from her face. She was barefoot and saw that he was looking at her beautiful feet with colorful toenails. She unzipped her overalls and showed him her gorgeous titties! She revealed that her parents’ most prized possession is her! They started kissing, and he started squeezing her boobs. He unbuttoned his shirt and pulled down his pants. The cutie bent over towards him and started sucking his hard cock. She was gagging on it and sticking it deep into her filthy throat, and the spit from her mouth fell all over her tits. She was so messy and dirty. He then got fully naked, and she bent over on a sofa, putting her ass towards him. He started banging her from behind in her wet, hairy pussy. Her body is so tiny but perfectly shaped and tattooed, and her face is absolutely mesmerizing. He then pulled off her overalls and got her fully naked too. He lifted her and nailed her on his cock, and then fucked her holding her in his hands. Since she is so tiny, and he is pretty strong, he even put her on his shoulders, but with her pussy facing him, so that he could tongue-fuck her and lick her clit. He sat on the sofa, and the petite naked girl sat on his dick, putting her feet on his thighs. She rode the dick like that until he grabbed her again, but this time he was holding her above the ground while fucking her in a missionary position. She kept bouncing up and down on his dick, impaling her little pussy on the massive member. After she came down, she bent over again, but this time it was so that he could lick her gorgeous ass hole. He licked her little hole, kept fucking her in all crazy positions and finally came into her mouth and all over her pretty face. 