This babe had a passionate night with her boyfriend. They were celebrating promotion and they ended fucking all night long. His nerdy girlfriend makes him horny every time he sees her. His dick was still hard in the morning. He went to the kitchen and found his love there being all sexy. He couldn’t resist her and he wanted another round of hardcore humping. While she was preparing breakfast in her panties, he couldn’t stop kissing her neck and squeezing her perfectly rounded boobies. They were so soft and they felt great in his hands. She made him eggs but he decided to eat her pussy for breakfast. He got down, pushed his face between her pale ass cheeks and kissed her pussy. He started licking her lips and sucking on her clit, teasing her until she pushed him away to go work. She went to the bedroom and took her computer. Her boyfriend followed her with his dick still up and ready to attack. Now, he couldn’t resist her naked juicy butt lying on the bed. It was calling him to fuck her as hard as possible. He put his dick between her soft ass cheeks, right in her tiny pussy and grabbed her ass with both hands pushing it in even harder. She was holding the sheets, moaning and screaming. She raised her hips and revealed her dripping wet pussy that was craving a dick all the time. He has destroyed her pussy five times since last night and he wasn’t planning on stopping there. She put his dick in her mouth, spitting her saliva all over it, rubbing it and letting it deep into her throat. She loved sloppy and he enjoyed watching her blow him. He then moved his sexy girlfriend on the side and shoved the dick deep into her sweet pussy. He knew she always wanted to go hardcore straight away. There was no warming up with her. She didn’t even bother removing her top before bouncing up and down on his eager cock. Her pussy could take his dick in any position or speed, but hard and deep were her favorites. And he made sure to give her another few intense orgasms before her finally let her finish her work. 