Charlotte and her girlfriend Aidra recently started living with another girl. They are two gorgeous blondes, and they are together for a long time now, but since they wanted to move to a bigger house and have trouble paying rent, they put an ad for a housemate. The girl they accepted to live with them is quite different than them, since she is a brunette, wears glasses, and doesn’t dress so fancy like the girls, although it doesn’t mean that she doesn’t have a nice body. Also, unlike Charlotte and Aidra, Elena is straight, or at least she was until one night at the dinner. The girlfriends were arguing about who is the better lover between them and Aidra came up with a magnificent idea! She suggested that she and her girlfriend give the new girl some pussy licking under the table, and then, without knowing who licked her first, she should tell whether she enjoyed most the first or the second licking. The girl seemed a little ashamed of that idea, but she agreed to do it. The girls got under the table, and Charlotte went first, pulling down Elena’s panties and eating her virgin pussy as Aidra watched, becoming aroused. The girl was beautiful, with a soft mound of pubic hair covering her tight slit. Soon two nasty lesbian babes started swapping in pleasing the girl. Elena realized that something strange is going on, and when she looked beneath the table, she saw her housemates kissing each other. She had never been with a girl. In fact she thought she would be put off by seeing two girls making out, but she wasn’t.   She got turned on even more and wanted to go all the way to the end. All three girls got naked and on the table, where two lesbains wanted to show the new girl how to lick pussy. Charlotte spread her legs in front of the girl and Elena began kissing her lovely pussy, kissing all over her pink wet lips. Her pussy was fully shaved, and Elena kept licking it like it was something she was waiting to do for ages. While she was doing it, the other lesbian picked up her hair and caressed her, making her feel like a good little girl. Elena got so naughty that she started tongue-fucking the wet pussy, as if she has lots of experience, and not if like this was her first time. After a nice pussy licking, all three naked girls got on the table and Elena began rubbing both of their pussies at the same time, making the lesbians cum simultaneously. Then she took off her glasses and lay on her back on the table. Aidra sat on her face so that she could ride her face, spreading her ass with both hands, giving her a good look at her two holes. At the same time, Charlotte started scissoring Elena, so it was a nasty lesbian threesome in which you could no longer tell whose pussies, arms and legs are whose. It was a fantastic lesbian desert for them.