The day for moving has finally come, and this MILF babe couldn’t be happier. She’s moving into her huge new house that she has earned through… various methods. In fact, she’s so happy that it made her a little bit horny. And when she saw the worker who was going to move all her things in, she just couldn’t help herself but try to seduce him. The worker had huge arms and muscles and she couldn’t resist touching them. At that point in time, she didn’t care much for the younger, pale boy. It was only after he revealed himself as the man in charge that she took an interest. The young guy sent off the worker to go get dollys so that they can get the job done faster. That’s when the MILF saw the perfect opportunity to strike. She approached him and asked if it’s true that he is the supervisor. After getting a confirmation, hotny MILF asked him if he could measure something for her. Basically, she just has a thing for power, and since that younger guy was in a higher position of power, she instantly wanted to have sex with him. She made it quite obvious that she wanted this too. When she brought him over to the bathroom to “take the measurement”, she started groping his cock. The dude didn’t know what to do and was quite shy about the entire situation. He went down to take a measurement of the washing machine, and the babe lifted her dress up so that he could see her naked ass. She was wearing cute thongs and the dude couldn’t help but notice it.   He was staring for quite a while and he forgot what he was supposed to measure in the first place. This didn’t bother the MILF babe that much because she was ready to get things on. She pushed the dude on the washing machine and went down on him. He was 18 and he had never been with a MILF, but had had this fantasy that a grown woman would know what to do. She started chowing down on that cock like she was an A-class pornstar and she loved every second of it. To her, it was like she was licking a lollipop or eating icecream. MILF even gave him a titjob, what he had only seen in porn before. In the living room she asked him to pull down her sexy lace panties, then she sat on his face in a 69 position and kept sucking him. He licked her cunt as hard as he could. For her, this wasn’t enough though. She wanted to get a proper dicking where she would take the young hard dick and shove it straight up her mature pussy. And that’s exactly what she did. Holding his cock with one hand, she rubbed it up and down her slit and then impaled herself on it. The worker still hasn’t come back with the dollys so the young guy just thought he might as well pass the time with a bit of sex if the bitch is so willing. Finally, there was one more thing left for the MILF to do after riding the guy for a long time, and that was to let him take the reigns and do whatever he wants to her. That’s exactly what happened and it’s one hell of a sight to see. He drove my cock deep into her nice MILF pussy again and again. In the end, he came all over the MILF’s tits!