This ravishing babe with big, round tits on a slim body and long, luscious, black hair broke up with her boyfriend. She was in her room, in the middle of packing his stuff when the smell of his shirt turned her on. Just seconds later, she ended up on the bed, pulling her breasts out and sliding a hand down her shorts. She was just about to go wild in a steamy masturbating session when a knock on the door interrupted her. It was the boyfriend, coming to pick his stuff up. As he was gathering his belongings they exchanged a few words. It was a bit awkward at first, but both of them seemed horny. One thing led to another and it wasn’t long before they were making out with a passion. Just like that, they started taking each other’s clothes off, and the babe ended up fully naked on the bed. Eagerly, she spread those long legs and he buried his face inside her tight, shaved pussy. The sexy naked girl let out a moan of pleasure and just kept getting louder as he ate her all up. His tongue and mouth licking, kissing, biting, worshipping every inch of her wet slit. That sensual pussy licking got him rock hard. He simply stood up, placed the tip of his massive dick next to her tight hole, and pushed it inside. Immediately, he started drilling his ex balls deep, listening to her screams and looking at the pleasure on her face. The cutie was so turned on that she quickly came hard, but that just made him go deeper and faster. To take a break, she pulled away and went on all fours, taking his schlong with her lusty mouth. Used to his massive size, she started drooling all over it and deepthroating as deep as possible, choking and gagging. From dick sucking, they quickly turned into doggy style pounding. She was even wetter than before and he just started hammering. From there on out, every time they’d attempt to switch positions, she would give him head first. That’s how doggy style turned into a reverse cowgirl, with her big jugs bouncing up and down as she jumped on that shaft. There’s no telling how many times this sexy babe came, moaning and screaming, before finally being plastered with a load of cum. 