Two mischievous guys snuck into the girls’ locker rooms during the PE to check out their panties. Just as these two little perverts were in the middle of snooping and shuffling through all that sexy underwear, they heard two chicks coming back and immediately rushed to hide. Skinny blonde and dashing brunette came in and quickly started undressing. The blonde had tiny, perky tits on a tall, slim frame while the brunette was shorter but a bit curvier. Only after the girls stripped fully naked did they notice two guys hiding underneath the nearby towels. The girls wanted to fool around with them so they started talking about all kinds of dirty things. The naked girls were even rubbing their pussies for the guys who were adamant about staying hidden, and that’s when their gym teacher walked in on them and immediately sent the girls to the showers. The teacher, who was this dashing MILF, naturally noticed her male students and that’s when they started with all sorts of lame excuses. She decided to teach them a lesson with her domineering MILF snatch. She dropped their shorts down and pulled two young cocks out. She grabbed their cocks one by one and started jerking them off together with both hands. Then their PE teacher stuffed their cocks down her throat. The boys were in heaven, having such an experienced lady giving them the best blowjobs of their lives, and she enjoyed having two young, throbbing boners to play with. With one student on each side, she loved having her big tits worshiped. The gym teacher blew her whistle and the boys started lapping away at her twat as fast as they could. She even squirted in one guy’s mouth! Commanding the guys on what to do, she had one boy lying on the bench and riding him like a cowgirl, while the other stood obediently behind her, awaiting further instructions. Their gym teacher wanted both of her holes filled and that’s when she commandedthe to shove his dick inside her asshole! Just like that, two young students were double penetrating their PE teacher in the girls’ locker rooms, making her body shake in orgasm. Double penetration turned into spit-roasting as she took one in her mouth and the other in either her pussy or ass. The boys ravaged their naked teacher in every way possible before plastering her slutty face with loads of thick white cum. 