I love my girlfriend. I love that she is such a sex freak and the kinkiest person I have ever met. She looks fantastic, and I get turned on every time when I look at her. She has a slim body, a pretty face, nice natural tits, a cute tiny ass, and a few naughty tattoos. Her pussy is always shaved, and her nails and toenails are always painted in some feminine color. On top of all that, she is horny as hell. Since we both love to experiment, we bought Lovense to enrich our sex life a few days ago. My babe couldn’t wait to put it in her pussy. With the remote control, I controlled the vibrations inside her pussy. She enjoyed the stimulation and being under my control, and I enjoyed watching her getting horny, knowing that the hornier she gets, the nastier she would be when we start to fuck. I watched my babe cumming again and again all over the house. We played with Lovense for a while, after which I gave her an opportunity to play with my cock. She kneeled in front of me and showed me once again that she is a real blowjob queen with her sucking skills and eye contact almost the whole time. Nothing turns me on more than watching such a beautiful naked girl like her being as slutty and dirty as possible. After she gave me a blowjob, she lay on the couch and put her slim legs up so that I could lick her beautiful shaved pussy. I made it so wet and juicy, perfect for my cock to step in. I stuck it inside her and banged her rough and hard, after which I lay on my back and let her rode the dick. She adores being a slutty naked cowgirl and showing how good she is at riding dicks. While she was riding the cock, I spanked her cute little ass and called her dirty names. Her sexy slim body was in a continuous orgasm again, shaking and writhing in my grasp as I tried to hold her. She then turned around and rode my dick with her face towards me, and I grabbed her beautiful foot and sucked her pretty toes until I came inside her pussy. Her pussy was filled with my hot jizz, and my girlfriend remembered why she loves me. 