This gorgeous brunette babe got caught shoplifting so she ended up in the backroom for a strip search. The security officer was all over her sexy curves, looking out for all the different items she could’ve picked up. At one point, the hottie even tried to bribe the guy, offering some money to pay for the items and even a bonus, for his troubles, but he wasn’t going to hear about it. If anything, that only made him more relentless into doing the job properly. The brunette’s shirt was first to go off, revealing a pair of magnificent breasts hidden behind an erotic, black bra. The cutie even tried to ask for a female officer but the guy was apparently the only one working here. That’s when he finally took her pants down, only to discover that this naughty chick wasn’t wearing any panties. Instead, her clean-shaven, tight pussy went on full display. That’s when things started getting really kinky. Under the excuse of conducting a cavity search, the officer bent the girl over, spreading her pussy and admiring how tight and beautiful it was. Finally, he took the girl’s bra off leaving her completely naked with nothing but her slim hands covering the juiciest bits. That’s when the guy finally revealed his true intentions and let her know that there’s only one thing she has to do to keep herself out of trouble. The girl was reluctant at first but eventually dropped down to her knees as the security officer pulled his dick out in front of her face.   Just like that, she had to place her wet lips on the shaft and start sucking him off! She wasn’t doing the best job, so he had to give her a few pointers. That’s when the man grabbed the back of her head and started fucking her throat. That finally got her to let loose and start properly slobbering on his rod. All of that, however, was just a warm-up as the guy was getting ready for much more. He bent the spoiled brat over the table and inserted his dong inside of her pink cherry. He even took his phone to take a couple of naughty clips before he finally started to fuck her really hard. The naked girl quickly started moaning in pleasure holding by the edge of the desk while being dicked down from behind. Her tight pussy was being stretched on that raging boner but she was doing her best not to show how she liked it. Then, they started changing positions. The officer sat in a chair while the naked girl straddled him, going up and down while her supple breasts with pierced nipples bounced all over. From one position to the other, the old pervert was bent on fucking her in every way possible. He stared in her face, smiling, as the girl took his cock deep and hard. They tried out everything from missionary and doggy style to a reverse cowgirl before he finally rewarded the mischievous babe with a load of thick, white cum.