Her husband is working all the time. She doesn’t have a job and she spends a lot of time at home. She is Arab and she isn’t allowed to leave the house if not accompanied by her husband. Being alone all the time is very hard for her. It is easy to get bored and she wants to get a new hobby to keep her entertained. Her husband hired a personal instructor that will help her with stretching. His wife is so excited but also a bit intimidated as there will be another man in her house. Since her husband is out all the time, she lacks romance and passion. The instructor arrived and she was ready for her first training. He was handsome and she felt something burning inside of her. Her fitness outfit seemed to bother him, and he asked her to remove it to feel more comfortable. The lady didn’t mind, and soon she was in her lingerie. Her tits were big and the guy couldn’t help thinking about squeezing his cock between them. His dick was getting hard and she soon noticed it. Her pussy wet with desire and it was a long time since she had a good fuck. She imagined him nailing her right there. She couldn’t control herself longer and she took his dick out. It was big and hard as a stone. His balls were juicy and she touched them before she put his dick into her mouth. It had a sweet taste and she adored it. The instructor wanted to see her tits, so he got them out of her bra. Her boobies were huge and really soft. They were both getting crazy horny.   The woman spread her legs to reveal her hairy pussy. It was so wet and it needed some loving. The man wanted to taste it, so he started licking it and kissing it. It made her feel like seventh heaven. The wife was excited and she wanted more. Naked woman in hijab held her tits as the instructor placed his dick between them. He was so happy to finally do that and he got a stimulating titjob. His dick was ready to destroy that black-haired pussy. The naked woman spread her legs wide and he started fucking her on the couch. He started gently but she wanted it rougher. So he began nailing her faster and deeper. Her sweet cunt was dripping and he soon filled it with his own cream! The white soerm poured out of her slit. She grabbed his still throbbing cock and began sucking it. His cum was leaking out of her open hole. It wasn’t enough, so he kept fucking her while she was screaming. His dick felt so good deep inside her cum filled cunt. Her husband had never fucked her like that. She was bouncing up and down, cumming all over his cock and her tits were slapping his face. Naked woman in hijab turned around to let him finish her in the doggy style. She loved that position so much. The guy was happy to give her the satisfaction the Arab slut deserved and he gave her multiple creampies. This babe couldn’t wait to book another session with the trainer.