This hot young blonde had her dashing girlfriend over but the girls couldn’t stop a creepy roommate from constantly spying on them. The lesbian duo was in the middle of a makeout session in the kitchen when the guy climbed the counter just to get up in their faces and watch closely. The breathtaking brunette apparently had enough of his shenanigans, so she waited until she ended up alone with the guy to give him a piece of her mind. Unfortunately, when the cutie jumped in front of him to confront the guy, he had a bottle of water in his hand and that water went all over her thin shirt. Just like that, she got all wet and her girlfriend’s roommate could see her perky tits and hard nipples underneath the thin fabric. That got the girl all horny and she came up with a proposition. She was going to fuck him this one time and then he was to leave both of them alone. Naturally, he couldn’t say no to a lovely lady going down on her knees and placing her soft lips on his rock-hard dick, and that’s how the show began right there, in the kitchen. He was so turned on that he immediately bent the hottie over, dropped her shorts, knelt behind her, and started eating both of those tight, wet holes all up. Surprised, the lesbian immediately started moaning in pleasure. The intense cunnilingus was interrupted when her girlfriend came by. However, these two were too turned on to stop. They opened a fridge door and, hoping she wouldn’t spot her naughty roommate, he went balls deep inside her girlfriend’s pussy while the two girls talked. Two lesbians kept talking and the blonde remained oblivious to her girlfriend being rammed doggy style all the while. When she left, the two went hard at it. In the middle of another blowjob, they got interrupted again but, from there on out, it was smooth sailing, and the man could fuck the brunette’s brains out right on the kitchen floor. She gave him the sloppiest blowjob before bending over for another doggy style drilling as he spanked her magnificent ass and ravaged her deep and hard. Then, after a rough throat fuck and a standing pounding, she finally straddled him and slammed herself hard down onto his rod to no end orgasming multiple times before receiving a massive load. 