This one day I heard yells for help from my neighbor’s house so I rushed there immediately. To my surprise, I found this dashing brunette hottie in sexy lingerie and high heels tied up after what seemed to be a kinky bondage session. I could clearly see her perky tits and pink nipples as her bra didn’t cover them at all, but she didn’t seem to mind. I let her loose and that’s when things started getting really freaky. The first thing she said after we introduced each other, was how she was going to suck my hard dick. Apparently, I had no say in that. I was surprised at first, especially because she was a married woman. However, who was I to say no and she seemed particularly dominant. Just like that, this girl bent over for me, ordering me to make my dick hard while she rubbed her tight, shaved holes for more. Naturally, that got my boner up in no time and that’s when she turned around and placed her luscious lips on it. Seconds later, she was talking dirty while giving me one of the sloppiest blowjobs of my life. Her head was going back and forth as she was drooling all over my shaft while simultaneously stroking it with one hand. Still teasing me and talking all kinds of perverted things, she didn’t mind when I grabbed the back of her head to fuck her mouth. Then, after such a long and wet dick-sucking foreplay, this hottie bent over with her amazing ass high in the air. One look at her snatch was more than enough to convince me so I shoved my member inside.   I went balls deep right off the bat. She was so turned on that her cunt immediately started creaming all over my dick. Her moans of pleasure were only making me go harder so I kept pounding deeper and rougher. Then, I lied on the bed on my back, and the naked girl jumped between my legs. She toyed with my cock a bit more, sucking on it and tasting her pussy juices before straddling me. My kinky neighbor sat on my meat all the way and, just moments later, started riding me vigorously. I watched as her perky tits bounced up and down while she had a look of pleasure on her face, and that soon brought me to the edge. Without pulling out, I emptied my balls deep inside of her, giving her one of the warmest, thickest, and messiest creampies ever. She pulled away to enjoy hot cum oozing out of her pussy. ‘Thank you for filling me up! I can feel you giant load just coming out of me! My husband gonna be so mad if he finds out. But we won’t tell him! When he comes home I will make him eat my pussy!’ With cum leaking out of her pussy she turned around only to sit back on me for another dick riding session. From a cowgirl, this cum slut turned into a reverse cowgirl, giving me a full view of that bubbly ass while riding me harder than ever. One position after the other, I fucked her brains out in every way possible and came loads.