A busty, booty MILF lives only with her son. She got him when she was really young, so now, when he is 18, she still didn’t get to her 40. One day, her son brought a friend from school, Jordi, to play video games. The guys were sitting in the living room and playing while she got really horny and wanted to masturbate in a bathroom. While she was passing through the living room, she waved to her son’s friend and wickedly smiled. Her son’s friend got turned on in a second. She went to the bathroom, where she pulled up her T-shirt so that her tremendous tits could fell out. She didn’t wear any bra, so she oiled her tits. She started taking selfies when her son’s friend suddenly came inside. He got so turned on when he saw what his friend’s mom was doing that he got an erection immediately. He had never seen tits this big before! She had round boobs, with large areolas and hard nipples standing out from them. When the MILF spotted him, she grabbed him and pulled him toward herself. She told him that now he is going to help her take selfies. She got above him and laid her giant tits on his head while he was holding the phone and taking selfies. She then noticed that his cock became hard in his pants, and told him to pull down his pants. His hard dick almost punched her in the face! Taking hold softly in her fingers she stroked it three or four times. God, it was heaven. She then put it in her mouth, licking it up and down, sucking on the head and fondling his balls.   MILF moaned with his young dick in her mouth. Having never had a blowjob, 18 year old Jordi couldn’t believe how good it felt! She took off her T-shirt and spanked her giant tits with his cock, and started stroking it between her massive tits. He never imagined that this would be happening to him. Mommy then instructed him to lay on the jacuzzi, and she smacked his face with her tits! She then pulled down her pants and started wiping her big ass off his face while he was lying on his back and stroking his cock. His friend’s naked mom then literally sat on his face and made him lick her cunt and ass hole. “That’s it! AH. Right there baby right there. AH AH AHHH AHH.” When her pussy got wet, she grabbed his dick and guided into her hole. He was going to have sex with a real woman! And she was such a babe! “AH AH AH…Oh my god that feels so good.” She said. Mommy sat on his dick and rode it like a nasty cowgirl. While she was riding it, she smacked his face with her big tits and let him suck her nipples. He wanted to try with her all what he had seen in porn movies! After a nice cock ride, he started banging her from behind. While he was fucking her, he oiled her booty ass and spanked her like a pornstar. She enjoyed getting spanked, but then she lay on her side with one leg high up in the air, and he continued nailing her trimmed pussy like that. He was fucking his friend’s mom until he took out his dick and came all over her face. It was all too much. His ejaculation made his legs weak and he fell on top of her. She was all so slippery and messy. When they head back to the living room, she forgot that there was some evidence of a sneaky fuck on her face!