I love fucking tight ass holes, and I love slutty girls, but the anal sex I had with one nasty little babe was fucking insane. She was blonde and had a slim body, with a cute little ass. She is a little rich girl who likes being spoiled. Most of all, she loves the way men moan and grunt and thrust deep releasing hot, thick loads into her pussy or ass. Once I came, she was outside with her panties down, playing with her pussy on a pillar. When we walked inside, she got on the bed, spread her legs wide, and put her feet high up in the air. It was done when I realized that she had a butt plug in her ass for the whole time. She grabbed it and toyed her asshole with it as if it was a dildo! She arched in the doggy style pose, and I stretched her gorgeous little ass cheks. Her ass hole so gaped that a butt plug got in and out as if it was an ear stick. After a little anal lsut had her playing with a butt plug, I lay back on the bed, and she got in front of me to suck my dick. She was grabbing it with her small hands and gagged on it. She choked and made such a mess around my dick with her drivel, but she licked it all up. After she gave me the best blowjob I ever had, she stuck the butt plug in her ass again and spread her legs wide, putting one foot above my shoulder so that I could fuck her pussy. I seated myself all the way into her pussy with one hard stroke! I was pounding away at her pussy like a man possessed, watching her tiny body shake in orgasm. ‘My hole wants it so bad, fill me up, cream my pussy!!!’ She enjoyed double penetration, with my dick in her pussy and a butt plug in her ass hole.   I was fucking her pussy so hard that the butt plug fell out of her ass hole itself. ‘I wanna feel that thick load deep inside my little hole!’ she screamed ‘Please, please, fill me good, fill me with cum like a fuckdoll!’ She went over the edge, her pussy tightening around my thrusting cock and her legs tried to hold me deep inside her as she got off and I put spurt after thick spurt of my cum into her. ‘I can’t wait to feel your creamy cum filling my asshole too’ she said. When I saw her gaping ass, I didn’t wait for a second to stick my dick in there and start fucking her butt. ‘Use cum to put it in my ASS!’ I pounded into her ass and cum kept leaking out of her pussy with each deep stroke. In and out I went, pounding away as hard and fast as I could. I slammed my hips into her ass one last time dumping a thick load into her hole. The little slut now was covered in my cum. I fucked her in a missionary position, after which I let her put her pretty little bare feet on my thighs and ride my dick with her butt hole. I fucked as fast and hard as I could, going very deep and coming out until I had just the head of my cock inside her jizz filled ass. I was moving from her well used pussy to her asshole and back to her pussy. Cum was squirting from both her holes. As she rode my dick, she squirted cum out of her ass onto my dick.