These two friends were at a coffee shop and they were feeling playful. The blonde was horny and started playing with her pussy under the table. She was in a skirt with no undies. Her friend started broadcasting her live to tease their friends. Nobody noticed the girl masturbating and she only kept going. The temperature was rising and the girls wanted to spice it up a bit. The brunette got under the table, eager to please her friend. Her pussy was wet and she started licking it while the blonde was filming it. Even the waitress didn’t see all that action going. When she went, the girls were all alone. They wanted to go viral so they kept filming their lesbian play. Their followers were going crazy and wanted to see more. One of the girls leaned on the table, spreading her ass cheeks with both hands. The other girl was behind her and she started eating that pussy as a dessert. She tasted her asshole as well, while her friend was moaning loudly. The teen lesbian even took a few selfies with her friend’s sweet pussy. Her pussy was cumming all over her face. The fans kept hitting them with follows and likes. But they didn’t care about the followers anymore as they were eager to get a good fuck right there. The blonde got on the table and spread her legs widely. She wanted more of that pussy licking. Her pussy was juicy and her girlfriend enjoyed eating it. The girls took all the time while the waitress was not there. The more they came the crazier these two lesbians kissed. The camera was on all the time and they couldn’t stop pleasuring each other. Even when the waitress came back, the young lesbians continued their licking session right in the middle of the cafe. They didn’t even notice it when she came back. The girls were lost in the lesbian affair that was live on all the social media. The waitress was shocked at first, but her panties quickly became wet with her juices. As the girls were getting close to finishing, she approached them. It was a hot lesbian threesome that made the followers go wild. The girls had a wet session with all their pussies exploding. 