A beautiful babe got a job as a personal assistant of a famous writer. She likes his books, and therefore she likes him, but ever since she started working for him, she also feels a substantial sexual tension. He is very strict and professional and, although she is so gorgeous and pretty, he treats her only as his personal assistant and nothing else. That just turns her on even more, and lately, when he’s talking to her, she can’t stop fantasizing about the two of them having sex. Last time, while he was telling her what to write, she thought about giving him a blowjob in his penthouse. He was fully naked, laying on his bed, and she was in front of him, wearing nothing but stockings, with his dick in her mouth. As she was sucking it, she arched her ass up in the air so that he could see it. She has a gorgeous body, with pierced nipples and navel, and every single straight man in the world would do almost anything to fuck her. In her fantasy, this stunning babe gave her boss a blowjob and then sat on his dick with her beautiful shaved pussy to ride it. She bounced up and down, enjoying the feeling of his hard cock inside her wet, tight pussy. He turned into an animal, flipped her over and pounded his giant cock into her like a mad man. She was howling as she came again and again. She arched her ass up in the air again, but this time she did it because he wanted to lick her cute ass hole. She adored being filthy with him and having his tongue deep into her butt hole. He licked her ass and pussy simultaneously and then stuck his cock in her vagina and banged her in the doggy style. While he was fucking her, he also spanked her gorgeous ass. She looks great getting fucked in stockings. After being fucked in the doggy style, she sat on the dick again. He was slamming into her over and over. He then fucked her from the side. She was cumming nonstop. Her pussy was smashed, and knowing that she is fucking a world-famous writer was an incredible aphrodisiac for her. When he wanted to cum, he stood up, and she kneeled in front of him and licked his balls to help him ejaculate. She was licking his balls until he came all over her pretty face, and then he took off her stocking, wiped the cum off her, and stuck it in her mouth. 