This teen girl was studying for her math test, but it was not going well. Her stepbrother arrived home and she asked him to help her pass. He was eager to help her, but he wanted something in return for the favor. He was really horny after a day in school and asked her stepsis to help him bust a nut. Just thinking about it made him go crazy. The girl was reluctant, but she accepted his help because she was desperate to pass this class. She agreed to help him cum, on one condition that she would not touch his cock. She told him she would let him rub his dick against her pussy and nothing more than that. When he saw his sister naked, his dick went crazy. He placed his hands on her tits and stood behind her. His dick was between her legs and he started rubbing it. It felt so good and soon he came with his dick against her pussy. It was really messy, but he wanted more. His sis was in her room, trying to pass her test. He wanted to play with her juicy ass, so he jumped behind her and started grabbing it. She was wearing a mini skirt and he couldn’t resist fucking her. He shoved his dick inside her young pussy and started penetrating it. The test was aced and he kept fucking her. This time she was totally up for it. Her pussy was wet and there was a hard dick by her side. She let him nail her, pull her hair as his dick was getting deep inside her sweet cunt. He knew she was slutty and that she wanted it rough. So he went full hardcore and damaged her pussy. She made his sister take his cock in her mouth and suck it like a whore. It tasted sweet and she enjoyed blowing it. Her pussy was ready for another hot round of fucking. Only this time the girl got on top of him. His dick was so hard and it went straight into her shaved pussy. He grabbed her ass, hitting her hard, pounding into her fast and hard. She was moaning from all that pleasure. It was going so deep inside her and she was getting close to cumming. Soon, her pussy exploded and she squirted with a shower splashing her bro. He took his dick out and kept jerking it until he gave her a warm facial after the sweaty family session. 