Ever since my dad remarried, I have fantasies about fucking my gorgeous stepsister. I know it’s wrong, but technically, she is my stepsister, so we are not related, and nothing bad could happen if we fuck. One time, she wanted to go to a concert, but she didn’t have any money, so she asked me to lend her some. She asked me that at the moment when I was incredibly horny, so I decided to take a risk and told her that I would give her money if she sucks my dick. She called me a pervert, but once I explained to her that we are not a real brother and sister, she agreed to give me a blowjob. She kneeled in front of me and pulled down my pants, and my hard cock just fell out and almost punched her in the face. She said that I have a big dick, and then she showed me how slutty and nasty she could be. She was jerking me hard and her tongue was flicking the head of my dick. She ran her tongue on my balls, over and over again, painting them liberally with her saliva. She gave me a fabulous blowjob that didn’t last long because I was so horny that I came with my dick in her mouth. I held her head and pushed it on my dick while I was cumming, feeling her mouth with my hot jizz. She didn’t object to it at all and swallowed it like it was ice cream. The next day, I saw my stepsister sitting on a couch. She was disappointed because her friend canceled their mall plans for this afternoon. After all, she wanted to spend time with her boyfriend.   She asked me if I could give her a ride to the mall, and I said that I could, but only if she gives me a ride too. She asked me what I mean by that, although I think that she already knew. Anyway, a few minutes later, I was lying naked on the couch, and my stepsister was riding my dick with gorgeous pussy while her big tits were bouncing up and down. What a wonderful feeling and a beautiful sight that was! I also fucked her in the doggy style and spanked her stunning ass. However, that was nothing in comparison to what happened the following day. My stepsister thought I was at college, so when I walked inside the living room, I saw her barefoot, masturbating and watching something on her cell phone. She told me that she is watching porn but thinking of me. Now it wasn’t just me who was persuaded to have sex. She wanted me to fuck her and said it loud and clear. Of course, I didn’t have to be persuaded much, so a few seconds later, she was already on her knees with my cock in her mouth. She made it wet and hard, just how she likes it. She was so filthy and messy, and I let her ride my dick with her pussy on the floor. Spreading her bubble ass wide open with both hands she was jumping on my cock with full force. Her ass cheeks were slamming against my belly. I was in heaven, beneath her lusty body! At the end I came all over her pretty face.