Two hot and skinny blonde schoolgirls were stuck in detention when their stepmom arrived. Apparently, the girls were caught blowing the principal and that’s what got them punished. The moment the stepmom, who was this busty, voluptuous blonde MILF, arrived and saw what those teens were penalized for, she freaked out. Schoolgirls, on the other hand, didn’t feel that distressed at all. On the contrary, they were pretty chill in those cute skirts and socks, talking about how nobody else was there and how all the other teachers went home already. Just as the stepmom was about to take her stepdaughters home, she thought of a different way to go about it. She was furious about the school’s lack of structure and discipline and decided to punish the girls herself. The mature blonde ripped her thin shirt wide open, putting her big tits in a sexy bra on full display. Mommy bent both of her stepdaughters over their classroom tables and lifted their skirts. Both girls had the most adorable panties and didn’t mind being spanked. That infuriated the MILF even more so she took their shirts off. With two pairs of lovely, natural, teen tits out, she kept trying to talk some sense into the girls but they still wouldn’t listen. That left the MILF with no other choice but to strip both of the schoolgirls naked. She sat one on the desk, made her spread those slim legs, and knelt in front of the girl. MILF’s face was soon buried inside that tight, young, dripping wet pussy, licking and slobbering all over it while the other cutie watched curiously. It didn’t take long for her to join and now two naked schoolgirls were making out while mommy ate one up. The other teen even started licking her stepsis, teasing that hard nipple with her soft tongue, enhancing the pleasure, and listening to those erotic moans. Then, mommy decided to spice things up and enjoy some of that sloppy licking herself. Just like that, the busty blonde lied on one of the tables and spread her legs wide. One schoolgirl started eating her pussy and the other sat on her face. With two young and lusty chicks doing their best to satisfy, the MILF was in heaven. Still dominant, she was commanding the girls what and how to do. The classroom was filled with soft moans and girly screams as they had an intense lesbian threesome. It didn’t take long for the inexperienced teen who was riding her stepmom to cum shaking, and that’s when they started switching things up. The mommy made the naked girls scissor each other while she took turns licking their oozing snatches. Then, she sat on one’s face and, in a perverted sixty-nine, kept burying her tongue in both pussies. After making sure that both schoolgirls came multiple times, the mature blonde spread once again, directing both girls to her aching cunt. From there on out, they were kissing and eating her into numerous orgasms. 