I hired this Latina cutie as a maid, to clean my house up, but then I realized I could have some dirty fun with her. For a bit of cash, she quickly agreed to strip down to nothing but her skimpy panties and continue working like that. That’s how I ended up with a beautiful brunette with perky tits and a big ass, twerking and teasing me with a broom in her hands. I couldn’t stop staring at her bending over and getting in all sorts of naughty positions while doing the laundry and tidying my place up. She had perfect small tits and a beautiful round ass! I had more cash lying around so I decided to take things further. She was hard to bargain with but soon enough ended up completely naked. That amazing ass looked even better once I could see her tight holes any time her asscheeks would spread even a little bit. Unable to resist, I lied back and pulled my big cock out to start jerking off in front of her. The hottie tried to keep it cool but I could tell that he was interested. It didn’t take long before she offered to help out with my boner issue and that’s how the naked girl went down on her knees in front of me and took my balls with her luscious lips. She was playfully slobbering all over them while gently stroking the shaft long before she started actually sucking me off. Once her tongue finally reached the tip of my cock, I felt like I was in heaven. A dick in her mouth turned her on as well, so she started deepthroating and choking on it. My shaft was now all slippery in addition to being rock hard. One intense blowjob foreplay later, and she was about to sit on me. In a reverse cowgirl, I started at that perfect ass while ramming her from underneath and asking her to slap herself for me. From there on out, there was nothing she wouldn’t do. I had her turn around so I could look at that lovely face and adorable tits while hammering her pink snatch. Then, we swapped places and I told her to lie down so I could ravage her in a missionary position. Her big ass was bouncing as my big cock pumped her pussy and my balls slapped against her clit. My dirty maid was happy to slap her cheeks and spread her pussy any time I asked and seemed to get off on me showering her with money even before I jizzed on her. I came all over her face and she kept cleaning the rest of the house. 