My girlfriend surprised me one day by showing up in the sexiest, skimpiest bikini I’ve ever seen. It was this thin, purple, shiny thing on her that barely covered the naughtiest bits, making her look incredibly hot. Also, the outfit matched her looks perfectly as she is this slim, dazzling blonde with perky tits and a fuckable ass. As if popping up in front of me in a bikini wasn’t enough, she also asked me to pour oil all over her body and cover her in it as she was about to go tanning. That’s how this blonde ended on all fours in front of me, bending over while I caressed that amazing butt. It didn’t take long for her to turn around and face me while allowing me to move those panties to the side and uncover her smooth, shaved pussy. It was aching for my touch so I instantly went at it, rubbing and teasing while using oil as a lube. That got my girl all horny so she lied back and spread her legs to start masturbating for me. Watching her rub that clit and fondle her breasts got me rock hard. She noticed that too, so she leaned forward, pulled my schlong out, and immediately took it down her throat. Just like that, I had this platinum blonde choking while deepthroating my shaft, giving me one of the sloppiest, messiest blowjobs I’ve ever had. My shaft was all slippery from my precum and her spit mixing and spilling over as she kept gagging on it. That intense foreplay only left us wanting more and that’s when my babe straddled me like a lusty cowgirl and sat on my man meat. Seconds later, she was going up and down on my cock, impaling herself as deep as possible and moaning in pleasure. I watched those magnificent boobs jiggling all around while ramming the hottie from underneath, going all the way in, stretching her insides to their absolute limits. From a cowgirl position, we switched to a doggy style. Staring at her breathtaking ass only made me fuck her harder and rougher, so I continued going relentlessly. Her ass rippled as our hips crashed together, my balls smacked against her ass. She followed, in rhythm pushing herself back against my hips, eager to take me deeper. One position after the other, I fucked her brains out in every way possible, and her pussy was dripping wet by the time I jizzed loads. 