A beautiful teen hooked up with a boy from school recently. They really seem to like each other, and slutty as she is, all she thinks about is when is he going to fuck her. One day, he told her that his parents would be out of town, so he invited her to his house after school. She got horny instantly and couldn’t wait to make out with him. She looked super sexy in her school uniform. The skirt was so short that half of her gorgeous ass was falling out. She didn’t care, and with half of her ass naked, she walked the street until she came to her boyfriend’s house. She rang the bell, and he opened the door. They went to the living room, where they started kissing while standing and hugging. He pulled up her blouse, and she didn’t wear a bra at all. His hands were all over her body exploring and caressing every curve. He cupped each of her titties with his hands and kissed each one. She then kneeled in front of him and pulled down his pants. He already had an erection, and his dick fell out, literally calling for her to grab it. She put it in her mouth and started sucking it like a nasty little girl. She was choking on it and sticking it all the way down her throat. While being on her knees, she just opened her mouth wide and let him fuck her throat. He fucked her mouth good while her drivel was drooling down her chin and falling on her thighs. After she gave him a blowjob, the sexy teen girl took off her skirt and panties and lay on a sofa, putting her left leg high up in the air.   She wanted him to lick her pussy, and since her pussy was so gorgeous and perfectly shaved, he wanted to do it too. He was pleasing her with his tongue and playing with her clit while she was in heaven. She felt two fingers slide into her as he began lapping at her clit so hungrily. His dick remained hard even though he didn’t even touch it, and she got so horny that she had to go to the next level. He stuck his dick into her pussy, and since she was so wet, it got in very easy and smooth. He was smashing her pussy on a sofa before she got up on a closet and let him fuck her there. He plunged his dick into her up to the hilt, his pelvic bone grinding against her clitoris. He was cumming. The feeling of his hot cum exploding inside of her caused her to cum over again and again. Pulse after pulse of his white hot cum flooded her pussy. His cock slid out of her pussy, and the cum began dripping out of her. She wanted more, she wanted him to keep fucking her, cumming in her and making her cum. She kneeled in front of him again, grabbed his still erect cock and began sucking it hard, feeling the taste of her pussy and his cum in her mouth. His cock was hard again, just perfect for her to sit on it and ride it like a cowgirl. Horny schoolgirl was on top, slowly grinding her pussy onto his cock, then she began bouncing up and down on his huge rod harder and faster. His cock slid to the balls with each slam. Her ass cheeks were bouncing like crazy! Her pussy was cumming in a violent wave, coating his cock as they continued to fuck. He was squeezing her beautiful tits and her ass. In the end, she got banged in the doggy style and kneeled in front of him so that he could cum all over her pretty face.