A beautiful 18-year-old girl came to spend the night at her friend’s house. Her friend lives with her parents in a house with a pool, and her mom and dad really like her. When she got there, she and her friend were chilling on sunbeds in a bikini while her friend’s dad was preparing a barbecue. Her friend’s mom approached the girls and told her that they would miss her very much since she just finished high school and will be going away to college in the fall. She also asked her if any boys would miss her, but she told them that she never had a boyfriend so far. At the end of the day, she and her friend lay in the same bed to sleep. She fell asleep very soon, but suddenly, she got awaken in the middle of the night. When she woke up, she realized that her friend wasn’t there. Instead, there were her parents. Her mom was wearing pajamas, and her dad was wearing nothing but pants. She got confused, but her friend’s mom told her that she just had a bad dream and that she needs to relax. She could clearly see his penis underneath his boxers and it made her very nervous. She was a virgin and had never seen a naked man before. ‘We’ve always considered you to be an extended member of our family,’ the mom said, wrapping her arms tightly around her. ‘And, now that you are 18,’ her father adds, ‘we want to show you just how much we care about you’ the mom smiled at her husband and they leaned in to kiss each other, directly over top of her. Her friend’s dad took off her panties, and they both got her fully naked. Her young body was outstanding, and her virgin pussy was bald. While her friend’s mom was caressing her hair, her friend’s dad started touching her pussy. The girl swallowed hard, her eyes darting between them. Her friend’s father spread her legs and began kissing her virgin pussy.   She had never been kissed “down there”. Her untouched pussy was so sensitive. Her body began to tremble. While caressing her hair, her friend’s mom looked her in the eyes and told her that it is time for her to become a big girl by sucking some cock. She saw her best friend’s mom pulled the father’s cock out from his shorts and started to stroke it in front of her face. Her eyes went wide. Sensing her reaction, the mom told her that it’s ok to look, she didn’t mind. The mother hold her gently in place and pet her head, asking her if she had ever been intimate with a man before. She stammered that she was a virgin and, smiling at each other, the mom warmly told promises that this would be special. The girl didn’t know how to react. However, since her friend’s mom encouraged her to suck her husband’s dick, she lost all the fear and put it in her mouth. At first, she was sucking it slowly, but in time, she got better and better. Her friend’s mom told her that she has a natural talent for blowjobs and took out her breasts while watching her sucking her husband’s dick. While the teen was sucking her husband’s dick, she kissed him. They are both long-time swingers and very perverted, so they both enjoyed this a lot. When the virgin girl was finished with a blowjob, she spread her legs so that her friend’s dad could stick his dick into her innocent pussy. She was taking the dick very slowly, but she took it whole in her pussy in the end. She got fucked in a missionary position for a little while, after which she sat on the dick and started riding it like a cowgirl. Eventually, she got fucked in the doggy style, too. Amazingly, the girl kept cumming and cumming, without any signs of stopping. She had never seen a man cum before and the best friend’s perverted parents was happy to show her. She got the cum all over her pretty face and mouth for the first time in her life.