I was chilling in my room when my bratty stepsis barged in unannounced. She was being all nosey, poking around, asking me if to teach her how to play piano, disturbing the peace I’ve established in my man cave. I saw that I couldn’t be able to send her away as easily, so I decided to allow her to go through the initiation process. That sparked her interest and that’s when I explained how any girl who wanted to enter the man cave and spend some time there with me had to show some skin. At first, she was a bit reluctant, considering I was her older stepbrother and all, but I kept insisting. It really didn’t take that long before she pulled her supple, natural breasts out of that skimpy top. I didn’t even get a chance to properly stare at those magnificent nipples of hers and she was already pulling her denim shorts down. Just like that, I had an amazing, big, bubbly ass playfully bouncing in front of me in nothing but the thinnest undies. All of that had me going but, apparently, my stepsis was getting turned on as well. That’s why she didn’t mind when I asked her to take her underwear off. I couldn’t keep my eyes off of her tight holes and the naughty cutie was doing her best to tease me by grabbing and squeezing her ass cheeks. I had never seen an ass more perfect. It was the perfect example of a big bubble butt.   I almost forgot about the whole initiation thing when she asked me again if that was enough. It sure was, but we were already hungry for more. I leaned back and my naked stepsis pulled my raging hardon out. The next second, she was drooling all over my balls while teasingly stroking the shaft. Her luscious mouth was simply begging for it and, after quite a bit of teasing, she finally took it in. I had no idea how perverted she was and was stunned when the girl started deepthroating right off the bat. Gagging and choking on my shaft, she grabbed it with both hands to give me one of the sloppiest and most intense blowjobs of my life. It didn’t take long for more to cum and, being a good stepsis, she swallowed it all eagerly. We had to part ways but I promised to teach her how to play piano. She remembered that because she ended up waking me in the morning because of it. Of course, she didn’t really want to play music but was hungry for my morning wood. Just a couple of moments later, I was staring at her huge, mesmerizing ass as the sexy naked babe rode me in a reverse cowgirl. From there on out, there was no stopping either of us. We took turns having the initiative. One moment she’d ride me and the next I’d fuck her brains out. One position after the other, she came multiple times before I gave her my load.