When it comes to seducing chicks into doing all kinds of naughty stuff, there’s no better guy than me. This Sunday I happened to run into a cute blonde who was pointlessly waiting for a bus that obviously wasn’t coming. I offered her a ride and we got into talking. I was going on about how I love to give girls various challenges and reward them for completing and she seemed hooked. That’s when I pulled a bundle of cash and offered it to her if she were to flash me. This hottie didn’t take much convincing and, just like that, she pulled her perky tits with pink nipples from that shirt and flashed me right there, on the street. The moment I saw that, I knew I had to take things further. I got her in the van with my friend who was eager to play and we blindfolded the blonde. She was supposed to guess an object with her hand and that object just so happened to be my friend’s big, hard cock. Naturally, the girl had no trouble guessing so we showered her with even more money. Blindfolded and topless in a car, she showed no signs of being uncomfortable so we started testing her limits. I offered even more money if she started giving head and, after driving a somewhat hard bargain, the blonde got into it. Holding the shaft firmly with one hand, her soft lips were going up and down that big cock. It turned out that she was naughtier than she looked. That large shaft was going rather deep down her throat and she showed no signs of gagging or choking. She was an expert at sucking dick. It didn’t take long before she got immensely turned on. Cutie was passionately slobbering on the rod while my friend groped her tits and ass, listening to her moans of pleasure. Then, just like that, he bent the naked girl over and started drilling her tight, shaved snatch in a doggystyle position. I was making sure I had it all on camera while this blonde screamed in pleasure. The longer they went, the harder he hammered that sweet cherry. They even started changing positions. From a rough doggystyle, they turned into a cowgirl and then a missionary. The van kept going and she came numerous times before being covered in loads of cum. 