This hot young brunette was about to meet her new step uncle but she was all reluctant, thinking he was going to be some complete loser. As it turned out, the guy was quite a cool character and, better yet, closer to her age than she had thought. It didn’t take long for them to connect and start talking. One thing led to another, and the story took a naughty turn. The uncle was going through one of his hookup stories when the brunette cutie confessed to never even kissing a guy. He saw the opportunity and mentioned how he was more than willing to teach her. That surprised the innocent girl so she fled the room. However, the thought stayed in her head and the crush developed even further; so much so that she even got into a fight with her parents over it. They didn’t manage to talk the chick out of it and that’s how she found herself in his arms one night. Her parents thought she was still daddy’s little girl, that she still needed protecting. If she really wanted her dad to stop seeing her as his little princess, having sex would be a great way to start! She thought, letting the uncle kiss and caress her. She had never been touched by a boy, but she imagined it so many times. His hands were on her crotch, massaging her most private parts through the material of the panty. Her small, perky tits were out and he kissed them. Her hips were moving in rhythm as she rubbed off of him before he took things further. He took those cute panties off and buried his face deep inside that tight, smooth pussy. His warm tongue was going all over that tiny snatch. That felt incredible. She had never felt anything like it before. As her sensitive virgin pussy became used to his touch, she opened her legs wider for him. She was an 18 year old virgin who had never seen a cock before and her uncle was thrilled to show her how beautiful his cock was.   He pulled out his hard hot throbbing cock in front of her. He was sitting so that not only could she look at the big, rock-hard dock, but she had a good look at the balls. Gently at first, the girl leaned over and placed her soft lips and warm tongue on the tip of that cock. He was holding her hair and slowly guiding her towards it. She didn’t know how to suck but he didn’t care, he just pushed it inside as far as it can go and started face fucking her. She was choking and gagging on it and that only made him hornier. She no longer wanted to be a virgin. She wanted to experience what adults experienced. The cutie lied back and spread her legs and he started slowly entering her. Her little virgin pussy was so small and tight. Even though it was her first time, she didn’t stop him and, just moments later, he was balls deep in her pussy. Suddenly, as the big dick surged into her pussy, sending massive waves of joy in its path, there was an explosion of pleasure more intense than any she had ever felt. The smooth virgin walls tightening and loosing around his cock as he fucked her virginity away. She writhed under him and arched her back. The girl was in ecstasy, feeling a hot cock stretching her insides. Eager to fuck a teen girl in every way and from every angle, her uncle told her to sit on his cock. To help her, he was holding her slim body and impaling her all the way, drilling her like a true fuck doll. Besides ramming down to meet his dick as it plowed in and out of her, her petite body thrashed from side to side with wild and erotic movements. He pushed her onto all fours and kept fucking her like a little slut in doggy style. He fucked her brains out before rewarding her with a cumshot.