I had the pleasure of driving one of the most beautiful chicks in my taxi. She was this voluptuous young blonde with a mesmerizing face and a pair of breathtaking, large breasts. I couldn’t help but notice those boobs bouncing up and down in the backseat of a car and that’s how we got into talking. That’s when I told her about my rule where I’m offering a fifty percent discount to any brave lady who would show me her tits. Saving money sparked her interest so it didn’t take long for me to seal the deal. With a smile on that pretty face, the blonde lifted her shirt, and out came the most amazing, supple, natural breasts. She bounced them left and right, and was even kind enough to lean forward and allow me to cop a feel. Of course, I had no intention of letting this adventure finish there so I offered a full discount if we took things further. The next thing I knew, I was finding a secluded place in nearby woods for parking, before joining the busty cutie in the back. She sat in my lap and I immediately went at it. I was squeezing those incredible breasts, fondling and juggling them, teasing the girl, simultaneously making her horny and making her laugh. My dick was already throbbing so she moved next to me and pulled it up. At first, she was stunned by my size and even took a couple of seconds to admire it. But then, being the horny, naughty girl that she was, she grabbed the shaft firmly with both hands and took it with her mouth. Just moments later, her head was going up and down as she was simultaneously stroking and blowing me. I even placed my schlong between her melons and she jerked me off with them before continuing with a blowjob. When I took her panties off, her pussy was already dripping wet so I just bent her over on that back seat and put my rod inside that cunt. Right off the bat, I was pounding this blonde beauty balls deep and making her big tits bounce and flop in a swaying motion. We fucked in every position possible in my cab. I kept fondling and caressing her tits with my hands. She was a beautiful young woman, having the most beautiful breast in the world. I was happy to reward this dazzling girl with a load of sticky, white cum. 