This babe was finally home alone. Her sweet pussy was burning with desire and she decided to have a nice play with it. Her hand slid down and she started massaging her clit. Just as she was about to get off, her roommate came to the room. He wanted to watch a game, so he sat beside her. She was still horny and she didn’t manage to finish herself off as he interrupted her session. Her pussy was so wet and she couldn’t resist it. She put a blanket over her and continued playing, hoping he wouldn’t notice her. But, she began moaning and the guy immediately realized what she was doing. More horny than interested in the game, he turned off the TV and asked if he could help her out. She lifted her hips, which is always a sign that a girl wants her panties taken off. Her pussy was shaved and his dick went up by just looking at this sexy naked babe. He started licking that cunt and the girl was happy as she didn’t have to play alone. She was grabbing her tits as he was eating her cunt for breakfast. Holding her thighs spread with both hands he slid his tongue deep inside her. He made her cum, giving the entire length of her ass crack, including her tight asshole, a long, juicy lick. His tongue felt so good inside her, but she wanted something harder. And his dick was a perfect choice. She took off his pants and grabbed his cock. Its size fascinated her! She smiled and slid her mouth onto that tool, one hand was gripping it from the base and she worked her mouth down, over his erection until her lips touched his balls. She was sucking him good, as he was playing with her pussy.   His dick was getting ready to destroy it fully. He was deepthroating this slut and she loved it. That girl could suck a dick for ages and never get tired of it. Her roommate had always known she was a whore, and he was so thrilled to have her drown in his dick finally. His busty roommate sat on him, guided his cock into her wet cunt and started riding her. Her huge tits were jumping up and down as his dick was nailing her. His dick squished with every wet thrust into her greasy cunt. The babe had the best boobs for dick riding. Her big all natural tits were flapping up and down each time she had thrust herself downward over his thick pole. His naked roommate was on her back with her legs wide open. He went even harder this time. He was pumping himself in and out, seeing her pussy lips gripping his cock, seeing her amazing tits jiggle and wobble with each thrust into her. Even after an orgasm, she was craving for more. Her new fuck buddy was behind her, grabbing her neck as his dick was again deep inside this whore’s cunt. He was making her scream and she didn’t want him to stop. Like any whore, this babe loved being fucked in the doggy style. That way her roommate’s cock could reach the deepest points of her wet cunt. Her screams were only getting louder and soon, her pussy was close to exploding. Her fuckmate pulled out his dick. He wanted to cum all over those juicy tits. He splashed her with an ocean of his cum, after he rewarded her with another intense orgasm. 