When her boyfriend was not around she invited her mistress for hot lesbo affairs. Her girlfriend was in her bed and the half naked girls were kissing and getting ready for a nice fuck. All of a sudden, her boyfriend came back home. The lover hid behind the bed. The guy was so horny when he saw her like that and wanted to fuck his girlfriend straight away. His cock was hard and ready to get inside his babe. But she managed to get him out of the room as she was much more interested in her female company. After he exited the room, the girls continued playing. The cheating little whore wanted to show her girl a surprise so she covered her head with a blanket as she went away to take it. In the meantime, her horny boyfriend came back. He saw a pair of legs widely open and a naked pussy waiting for him. He was so excited and just pushed his dick inside the shaved cunt. He started fucking his girlfriend’s lover without even knowing it. Once he heard her voice, he realized it. His girlfriend came back with a strap-on and saw them fucking. It was turning into a mess and the couple started arguing. But the girl had a much better idea. Instead of yelling and fighting, they should enjoy a hot threesome. The lover started sucking his dick as his girlfriend got her strap-on. She stood beside her and started nailing her sweet pussy. It was so wet and the whole threesome idea was turning her on so much. She sat on her man’s face, bucking her hips and smearing her pussy in his face. He was eating that juicy cunt, as the other girl was still sucking his cock. The brunette was eager to sit on his cock after sucking it. This threesome is getting hotter with every second. The girlfriend wanted a ride as well. Both hot naked girls took turns riding his face and his cock. The two girls kept on licking each other’s pussies as he fucked them from behind. They ended up on their backs, with legs spread wide, urging him on as he fucked their brains out. He was getting close to finishing. He pulled his dick out and let all his cum on both hot naked girls. Their faces were all sticky, but their pussies were ready for more. 