Two students were out of pocket money. The girls thought nobody would catch them. They got taken to the backroom to be interrogated by security officer after suspecting them of stealing merchandise. There the officer said that he must submit them to a cavity search. The girls didn’t admit they were stealing, so he had to get them fully naked. Finally he found a pair of expensive watches hidden in their panties. The blonde girls were both busty and really hot. The security officer saw a perfect opportunity to blackmail them so he could fuck both sluts at once. He made them an offer. He wouldn’t call the cops if they play along and give him a little fun! The girls were desperate and they wouldn’t want to go to jail. Eventually, they accepted the offer. One of the girls was super nervous and her friend was the first one to suck his cock. They were surprised by the size when he took the cock out of his pants. The first blonde started sucking that mature cock and soon he told the friend to join. The girls were sharing the dick and the man was soon ready to start fucking these pussies. He made the naked girls bend over his table as he was behind them. The girls were curvy, with big tits and juicy asses and he couldn’t decide which he wanted to fuck first. He dipped his dick in the first blonde. She screamed as she didn’t expect it.   She clenched her teeth as she felt his cock pounding into her balls deep. Her friend was holding her hand as her pussy was getting his dick. When he was finished with her, he moved onto her shy friend. The girl was afraid, but he didn’t care , he just kept fucking her harder, squeezing her soft ass with both hands. The naked girls had to do all the things the security guard asked them. The busty blonde had to get a taste of her shy friend. She started eating her pussy as the old pervert was nailing her from behind. “Do you like it? don’t you?” He wanted the girls to say dirty words like “We need you dick”, “We want you to cum all over our faces, please…”. The threesome was becoming hotter and steamier with every second. The girls were begging him to finally cum. Whether they liked it or not, the girls kept riding his cock, pleasuring him with their young wet pussies. In the end of this this perverted threesome, he splashed the naked girls with a shower of cum. They were ordered to open their mouths and catch as much of it as they could. The girls walked free after receiving the guard’s creamy cum load. Caught these sexy girls stealing! What do you think happens next? Don’t miss more videos!