I had a tough day. I finally managed to go home. I saw this smoking blonde in front of my building. She was so cold and she asked me to let her inside to warm up. This babe had big tits and I had a hard time looking away. I was thinking about all the things I would do to her. She was so beautiful! She told me she was looking for her boyfriend. He lived somewhere in the neighborhood but she was unable to reach him. She asked me to lend her my phone charger, so I took her to my flat. I told her I saw a guy wearing green with some girls on a way to a party. She was devastated as she was planning on giving him a special treat for St. Patrick’s. The blonde babe was sitting with her legs slightly open. There were no panties underneath her tight dress and I saw a heart on her pussy, maybe it was a lucky clover leaf. It was a treat for her boyfriend and looking at that beautiful pussy I thought about how lucky he must have been. I had never been with a girl so beautiful, so adorable and sexy. Meanwhile the beauty called her boyfriend but he sent her a voicemail. I couldn’t believe my luck when she decided to treat me instead of her cheating boyfriend!!! The most beautiful, sexy girl got on her knees and took my dick out. It was already hard and she put it in her mouth to give it a nice blow! Smiling and looking into my eyes, the beauty sucked my cock and fondled my balls. She was also stroking my cock with one hand as it was in her mouth. She even took a few selfies with my cock in her mouth and sent them to her boyfriend.   The blondie loved the size of my dick and I could see in her lustful eyes how eager she was to get it in her cunt. Honestly, I was eager to nail that lovely pussy as well. She bent over the table and lifted her dress. Her round firm naked ass was so inviting. She pushed her ass onto my cockhead, I held my position, and she buried her wet pussy onto my erection. I looked down to see my cock going in and out of her pussy. I couldn’t control myself any longer. I grabbed her ass and shoved my dick as deep inside her as possible and started banging her hard. She loved it and she was moaning as I was hitting her cunt hard. The girl had a fine ass and it was so sexy to watch it jiggle as I was banging her from behind. We went to the bedroom to continue our play. The blonde let her tits out. Never in my life had I seen more perfect pairs of tits! She got on the bed and opened her legs widely. She had a heart shaped patch above her pussy and she gave her clit a rub. After that, she placed my cock between those juicy tits. They were so soft and big. She was eager to get ride on my dick. I was ready to hit her again. The heart-shaped hair on her pussy was turning me on so much. She was jumping on my cock as I was looking at her stunning body. Her gorgeous tits were bouncing wildly! Naked blonde kept riding me with her big bubble ass to me. After an hour of this wild, depraved fuck, for a sweet ending, she wanted me to rub my dick again between those huge tits. It was ready to explode all over them.