This hot and kinky teen with luscious, purple hair had her exotic girlfriend over for a movie night. However, the two weren’t alone. Apparently, the teenie had thrown a big party a previous weekend so her parents weren’t trusting her anymore, so they had a neighbor over to keep watch over the two. At a first glance, he seemed like a geeky type, working around on a robot vacuum while the two teen girls prepared to watch a movie. As it turned out, the neighbor was figuring out a way to attach a dildo and a camera to a robot vacuum cleaner, essentially turning it into a remote-controlled sex toy. And, lucky for him, there were two gorgeous subjects that he could experiment on. Controlling the toy, he guided that dildo inside their tight, wet pussies! One after the other, the girls screamed in surprise while having their wet snatches penetrated. The girls immediately jumped at the guy who tried to run away but they caught him, brought him back, and busted his gadget. They were sure the geek was afraid to use his own dick becaue of its size. The teenies decided to make fun of him and take a look at his tiny pecker. They pinned him to the floor and pulled his cock out. They were shocked when they saw a HUGE COCK! Surprised by his size, the girls didn’t want to waste a second. The brunette lifted her dress up and sat on the guy’s face while the pale hottie with purple hair started choking on his massive schlong. Just like that, he ended up sandwiched between two nubiles hungry for a good fuck. He was simultaneously fucking that petite brunette with his tongue, taking turns slobbering all over both of her tight holes while moving his hips to ram his cock deeper inside the other chick’s tight throat. Listening to their moans and gasps for air only made his cock harder so he kept going with more vigor. The hottie sucking his dick even grabbed the camera he had on the improvised sex toy to film him eating her horny girlfriend’s little ass. Then, the girls both went down to suck him off. Like a macho, he was looking at two young naked girls simultaneously using their lips and tongues, giving him the best double blowjob. Then the tiny brunette sat on that schlong. Even though he was massive and her hole was so tight, the cutie was so wet that she sat on it balls deep, right off the bat. Just seconds later she was taking a pounding from underneath while making out with her friend. Being a good girl and wanting to share, she stood up for a purple-haired minx to sit on that huge cock. In a reverse cowgirl, she was screaming on that dick. From there on out, two naked girls kept trying out all kinds of perverted positions where he licked and fucked both of them into multiple orgasms before plastering them with loads of sticky cum. 