When this glam brunette found out her husband was cheating, instead of breaking up or getting back at him, she immediately started figuring out a plan on how to contain the situation. Apparently, he was a renowned politician and the elections were coming up. Even though the guy had fucked up, his wife wasn’t going to give up her status because of his mistake. That’s why she immediately went to find the reporter who had the whole story and was about to publish it. She found the guy in his office and they started talking. At first, the reporter was adamant. He didn’t seem to care about anything that the beauty in front of him had to offer. That was until she started stripping. In one subtle and erotic motion, her tight dress dropped down on the floor and the sexiest lingerie popped right out. The brunette wasted no time and continued taking it all off. First the bra and then the panties, she was gently dancing and swaying in front of a stunned dude who remained speechless. That’s when the politician’s wife dropped on her knees in front of him, pulled his pants down, and took his throbbing dick out. Her red, luscious lips wrapped around the shaft and she started moaning while sucking him off. Deeper and messier, she was swallowing more and more of that rod before the blowjob turned into deepthroating. His hips moved in rhythm as he rammed that tight throat, making the girl choke and gag. She even took the dick out to slobber on the balls before he forced it back into her mouth and fucked her throat. Her pussy was aching from all that dick-sucking so she sat in his lap to grind on the schlong before the reporter bent her over and started pounding her doggy style. He held her skinny body firmly and drilled her cunt while her perky tits bounced back and forth. The hottie was screaming in pleasure. Then, they started switching things up. Fucking from behind turned into cowgirl riding. The sexy naked wife was on the reporter’s dick in a chair, taking a hammering from underneath. Her trimmed pussy was being stuffed balls deep and stretched to its absolute limits. From a chair to a desk, the guy fucked her brains out in every position he could think of before rewarding her with a load of hot cum. 