Two beautiful young girlfriends wanted to try out what it would be like to use butt plugs and they wanted to do it together. The girls lied on a bed next to each other, inserted these kinky toys in the tight asses, and spread their slim legs wide. The situation got them all hot and horny so they had to start masturbating. One was bold enough to place her hand on the other girl’s pussy and rub both of them simultaneously. Both naked girls were dripping wet, moaning in pleasure and masturbating furiously with toys stretching their tight holes. One even managed to squirt before they heard a knock on the door and their dads barged in! Fortunately, the hotties managed to cover themselves just in time not to be discovered and the dads invited them to join in the living room. Neither of these chicks managed to take a plug out of their ass before they went to join their dads and sitting in their laps on the couch only made things more difficult to control. They were jiggling and squirming and the guys quickly noticed. It didn’t take long for the cuties to confess what they were trying out and a discussion ensued. One thing led to another and these naughty little minxes swapped their dads before lifting their skirts to start teasing them with their tight asses. Just like that, they were bending over for these older, more experienced men who were marveling at their tight, young holes. From there on out, things started escalating quickly. The squirting girl started giving her friend’s dad a sloppy deepthroat while her friend had her pussy slobbered on. The longer the foursome went, the more perverted they were. The deepthroating lass wasn’t giving up. She was gagging and choking on that throbbing boner even when her girlfriend mounted the other dad to ride his schlong with that tight asshole. Finally, deepthroating turned into doggy style anal pounding, and now both naked girls had fat, veiny dicks inside their innocent butts. Every now and then, the fathers would pull out to fuck those wet, aching pussies as well, only to go back to hardcore anal pounding moments later. Their daughters were screaming in pleasure while having their assholes stretched to their absolute limits. They were talking dirty, begging for more, and losing their minds in multiple orgasms before being rewarded with loads of white jizz. 