A good stepbrother always helps his stepsis out, especially if that means he needs to fuck the depression out of her. It was supposed to be just another regular, boring night for both of them. She was sulking in her room, and he was getting tired of her mood swings. He can’t take any more of her moping. But her latest mood change paid off for him. A weird idea popped in her brain, but she still jumped at the first opportunity to make it real. He was hot, and she was lonely. Who wouldn’t want to fuck a young, smoking hot blonde teen? After all, it’s what she needs. His stepsis was kissing him, and stepbro was more than turned on. He was hard in a second. She grabbed his cock and began sucking it, and she was so good at it. Stepsis even choked on it, her tiny mouth swallowed his cock, and she deepthroated. He just went with it, and it’s too late to turn back now anyway. His huge hands grabbed her petite body and lifted her on the bed. Her kinky little cunt was soaking wet, and she couldn’t wait to feel his dick stretch her out. With one hard thrust he buried his cock deep inside her, making her knees tremble as her pussy squelches. They both let out moans of pleasure as he sank his cock deeper inside her. He pounded her juicy pussy in every position imaginable all over her room. On the bed, she rode on his dick.   By the window, he fucked her tight cunt upside down. He pushed her face to the floor like she deserved and held her cute little ass up. Her tiny body is shaking when he makes her cum with his fingers. Then he dipped his dick into her and fucked her brains out. He used her tiny body however he wanted. Nothing was off limits. She was his to use, and she made that clear. All she wanted was to be fucked like a fuckdoll, and end up eating his tasty cum. He continued to fuck her little cunt, and reached out to hold her long legs in place. She is not getting away from him. Now that she’s started this new game, he was about to make it worth his while. So no, he wasn’t about to be gentle or caring. Her tight little pussy was now his personal cum dumpster, and she knew that. Did she care? Fuck no! She wanted this to happen. She has imagined how it would feel to have his massive dick slide into her tight pussy, and his balls slap against her asshole. But this was way better than imagination. His hard dick stretched her pussy out and always hit her sweet spot with every thrust. She has never been fucked this good, and she gladly ate up every drop of his cum, like a good dirty little slut. His cock is her medicine, and she will be a good little slut for her stepbro whenever he needs her. After all, it’s fun to have secrets. 