Her mom is quite the catch, but this little princess is so hot, I can’t stop thinking about her. I just want to see her small pussy and play with it. That cunt deserves a real man adoring it. Sometimes I watch her shower, just so I can jerk off watching that sweet babe. Even when I fuck my wife, I imagine this little slut on my dick. Her birthday was coming up, so I wanted to give her something special before everyone arrived. I bought her a sexy lingerie set that I wanted to see her in. She loved it and she tried it on right there in front of me. My dick was so hard and I was watching that fine ass, thinking how I could hit it right there. This girl immediately noticed a big tool in my pants and she went straight for it! Her mum was going to get home any minute, and it was exciting for us to fuck and maybe get caught. She took my dick out and started kissing it. Then she took the head of his cock in her mouth. It felt soo good in her mouth. She sucked it, caressed my balls and I splashed her face. Later that day, before her party, she wanted me to give her little cunt a treat she would never forget. She took her dress off and sat on the table. My little princess opened her legs and started playing with her pussy. That naked girl was so sexy and I immediately pushed my dick inside her. The feeling of her pussy around his cock blew my mind with lust. I started banging her hard while grabbing her tits. It was so crazy banging my wife’s daughter, but it was my porn dream come true! I got behind her, so I could get even deeper inside this whore. The princess was moaning as her daddy was destroying her cute pussy. She could not get enough of it, so she wanted me to do her over and over again. After all the hardcore banging, I wanted to cum inside that bitch’s mouth. I thought she might be a swallower, so I had to check it out. I came inside that mouth to see what she would do. She spat it out and then licked all the cream from her hand. I knew she was a bigger whore than her mom. 