Lube is a handy thing that can make fucking wetter and better. This dude wanted to get one so he can try out new things with his curvy girlfriend. Sometimes she is not feeling up like fucking, so he had to find a way to get her to open her legs. He ordered a bottle of lube to help him. The package was in the kitchen, so his babe opened it to see what was inside. She was uncertain what it was so she called her boyfriend to tell her. He spilled some of it on her shirt. It was wet now and he was so aroused. Her huge tits were turning him so horny, so he had to play with them. They were out of her shirt and he was squeezing them as she was turning horny as well. The girl wanted to see more cool things with this lube, so he decided to use it on her sweet pussy. He was behind her, eating her ass and spreading the lube all over her pussy. It was so slippery and his dick was going loco to get inside. He ripped her pantyhose and shoved his big dick inside that wet and shaved cunt. He started banging her really hard as her tits were jiggling. His girlfriend loved the lube and she wanted him to fuck her deep until she exploded. After he came inside her, she was eager to get more of it. The blonde was on her knees and she started blowing that dick like a real hoe. He groaned as she swirled her tongue around his shaft. His balls were so delicious and she was sucking them, eager to get another dick ride soon. The blonde had the perfect big tits for a nice titjob. He always loved them, so he used those boobs to squeeze his dick between those pretty things. His dick was getting hard as a stone and she wanted it immediately. Like any slut, she was very loud when he was nailing her sweet cunt on the kitchen counter. She was on her back and asking for more of it. The lube was turning her into a real whore and she wanted him to fuck her in every position. And the more they fucked, the rougher she wanted it. He was deepthroating his blonde babe before he hit her hard in the doggy. Her face and her big tits were a perfect landing spot for his cum. He pulled the dick out and splashed her with a rain of his jizz. 