This dazzling blonde beauty was in the middle of a vigorous masturbation session and was ready to reach the most intense squirting orgasm when she heard a knock on the door. She was rubbing her dripping wet pussy and squirting all over the living room when that sound interrupted her. Reluctantly, the hottie shoved a toy inside her aching cherry, pulled her pants up, and went to answer the door. Apparently, she had completely forgotten about a dinner arrangement with her friends. Still horny, it took her a couple of seconds to recollect before letting them in. Four of them headed to the kitchen where the host did her best to get the dinner ready and pour drinks while trying to hide the fact that a sex toy inside her cunt was driving her insane. At one point, she couldn’t hold it in anymore. Her thin pants were soaking wet so she simply took them off in front of the others. Losing her mind, the blonde pulled a toy out of her snatch and immediately squirted high in the air and all over the room! Stunned and appalled, one couple got up and left but the other guy was more than happy to stay. For a while, he watched the girl squirting and rubbing herself but then he took his pants off as well and pulled his already hard cock out. Without any foreplay, he shoved his member inside her gushing pussy and started fucking her brains out. Just a couple of thrusts were enough for her to squirt once more, this time all over the guy. That just got him more turned on so he went back in and continued drilling. Eager to make her cum even harder, he banged that pink cherry until it once more. After slobbering all over that dripping cunt to get a taste, he bent this beauty over to ravage her doggy style. He tore the last bits of her clothes and she was now completely naked on that leather couch. Merely railing her pussy wasn’t enough for the guy so he turned the chick over to fuck her throat as well. She gladly opened her mouth wide and he stuffed her throat with a fat man-meat. Choking and gagging on her guest’s raging hardon only made her hungry for more. The naked girl lied on her back, spreading those slim legs and inviting the man to hammer her harder than ever before. Constantly switching between stuffing her with that big dick and eating her out, he was making her scream. She was on top and underneath him, taking that rod all the way, squirting non-stop. Even the other couple returning to film them didn’t stop the two from fucking. 