Three horny girls and one dick sound like a party! These pretty babes were bored, and they wanted to do something exciting. The lockdown is driving them crazy and their pussies have never been wetter. While the girls were messing around in bed, they felt the burning desire to fuck. They started spanking each other and grabbing the tits to get in the mood. But those pussies needed a cock that would damage them crazy. To spice things up, they invited creepy the next-door neighbor to play with them. They heard a rumor that he had a big dick, so the naughty girls wanted to see it. Nobody would say no to these sexy gals, so he immediately joined them. They were playing spin the bottle and one by one, everyone was bare naked really soon. The creep couldn’t stop thinking about all the filthy things he would do to these whore. He was the last to remove all his clothes. His dick was up and hard as a stone. The guy watched these sexy girls take off their clothes and kissing each other. Three naked girls were teasing him so bad and finally, they all crawled up to him. His dick was inviting them to try it. One girl started blowing the guy as the others were playing with his big balls. She ran her tongue back and forth over his swollen purple soldier. Then she bobbed her head up and down quickly, letting out a pleasurable groan, as her friends watched. These sluts all wanted to have a taste of it, so they took turns blowing his cock. Three pussies were burning, so they couldn’t wait for their turn to get a cock ride. One of the naked girls sat on his face and made him lick her sweet cunt.   The other friend was sucking his dick as her friend was eating her pussy from behind. The blonde couldn’t wait any longer and she had to have his dick inside her. Sexy naked girl sat on top of the guy and started riding his big cock, bouncing her bubble ass up and down. She was going wild while the other girls were eager to get a ride as well. He was on the ground as the naked girls were fighting for his magic wand. All his porn fantasies were turning into reality. He was a porn junkie and into the kinkiest stuff. And he was surrounded by three beautiful ladies that were fighting over him. Three naked girls got into a pyramid, on top of each other and he got behind them to five a good pounding to each of these bitches. His big cock was effortlessly sliding in and out of those juicy pussies and the girls were practically begging him to fuck them. His lucky dick was going from one pussy to the other. His balls were slapping them hard as he was nailing them roughly. The naked girls lay down in a row with their legs spread open. He looked at the three pussies lined up in front of him. All there for his pleasure. All there to be used. Each one begging for him to fill with his throbbing cock. Removing his dick from one only to bury it just as deep in another. His balls were full and ready to splash those sluts. All three naked girls lined up for a dose of his jizz. They were milking him and finally, her filled the lustful babes with all of his white cream.