This young, tattooed alt chick with purple hair was feeling all horny and mischievous, so she decided to fool around with her plumber. While he was under the sink trying to fix it, the girl sat on a chair behind him, fully naked, and vigorously rubbed her pussy until she ended up squirting all over the guy! Before he managed to turn around and figure out what was happening, she was already gone. Having fixed the sink, he went to the bathroom where the naughty little minx did her perverted performance once more, squirting all over the guy from behind the shower curtain! This time, however, he caught her in the act and she admitted to doing that on purpose because he was overcharging her. The plumber sent her away but decided to have his revenge. Still naked, the hottie was on her phone, bragging to her friends about how she messed with the guy when he snuck up to her, naked and hard, and surprised the girl with a sticky cumshot, plastering her with cum. That definitely surprised the babe but also turned her on so she bent over and commanded the guy to eat her ass. At first, he wasn’t sure if she was joking but things quickly escalated and he was now tongue-fucking her tight hole while she softly moaned in pleasure. In nothing but white socks and sneakers, the cutie was on all fours enjoying her tight asshole being slobbered on.   To return the favor, naked girl dropped down on her knees and took his schlong with her mouth. Hungry for that man-meat she was drooling all over it while trying to take it as deep as possible. Choking and gagging, the chick quickly made his cock rock-hard again. She even allowed him to grab her head with both hands and fuck her throat balls deep. Such intense and sloppy foreplay was just the beginning for these two. It wasn’t long before the purple-haired beauty was straddling the plumber like a slutty cowgirl. She sat on that throbbing dong and it immediately slid all the way inside her aching snatch. Just seconds later, the guy was ravaging her underneath, making her scream in pleasure and eventually squirting in an intense orgasm. One squirting was just a start for this kinky girl who kept riding and squirting many more times before they even began switching positions. From a cowgirl, she turned around into a reverse cowgirl. The guy held her slim hips firmly while drilling harder and deeper than ever. Rubbing her pierced clit while railing her pink, trimmed cunt made the girl lose her mind. Shaking and trembling in many more squirting orgasms, she couldn’t even think straight while the plumber fucked her brains out. One position after the other, he was adamant at pounding her from every angle possible. After hammering her tiny cunt and petite body senseless, making her squirt several times, the plumber finally exploded in a massive load of cum, plastering this naughty girl all over.