This guy happened to run into two of his hot roommates in the middle of steamy action. The girls were facing each other on the bed and, with their lovely breasts out, the girls were vigorously grinding on pillows while screaming in pleasure. One was this voluptuous blonde who had curves of a MILF and big, supple, natural breasts to fit such a womanly figure. The other was a dashing brunette with a slimmer frame and a pair of smaller but firmer breasts with erect nipples. Both girls were passionately riding those pillows while fondling and teasing each other. The dude was secretly spying on them behind the door. With a phone in one hand and a cock in the other, he was stroking himself off through pants while filming them. The longer they went, the harder both chicks screamed, unaware they are being watched. Unfortunately, he made a sound that alerted both of them. He did manage to escape and go back to his room to kept jerking off. This time, the roles switched and the blonde walked in on him in the middle of a tugging session. When her friend came looking for her, she had no choice but to hide in his room, which was perfect for the dude because she jumped at him, dazzled with his big, throbbing dick. He was stunned at first but quickly gave in to such a lavish girl who started stroking him. Handjob quickly turned into a sloppy blowjob and, just seconds later, the guy was ramming the throat of his horny and beautiful teen babe. The harder he fucked her wet mouth, the hornier she was. It didn’t take long before both of them stripped naked and his naked roommate straddled him.   Busty blonde teen immediately sat all the way on that schlong and he started pounding from underneath. They completely forgot about the other girl so, naturally, she overheard the two going to town and caught them in the act. At first, she was surprised and disappointed with her blonde girlfriend cheating, but she quickly got convinced to join. The idea of having a threesome was turning the girls on so much, they couldn’t control themselves. The brunette got naked, sat on the blonde’s face and started riding her mouth while the guy patiently waited, jerking off to such a beautiful sight of two naked girls having sex. The brunette was relentless. From riding her girlfriend’s face, she eventually switched to intense scissoring. Two naked girls almost completely forgot about the guy who was filming them as they vigorously fucked each other’s brains out. That’s when they noticed him making a video and jumped right on him. The blonde sat on his face while the brunette took his schlong with her aching cherry. Moments later, he had two babes bouncing on him, moaning and screaming in pleasure. One of the girls was cumming all over his cock and the other all over his face. Being good girlfriends, they were good at sharing, which is why they kept taking turns on his cock and his tongue. One after the other, he fucked both of the teens in all kinds of exotic threeway positions and made them orgasm multiple times before they shared his massive load of thick white cum.