She knew what she was doing, cleaning the floor in those tight, short booty shorts. She could’ve just worn her panties at this point and call it a day. But she wanted to be a tease tonight. Every move she made was just perfect, and with her, every move, his dick got harder and harder. He finally had enough, so he jumped from the couch and grabbed her tight ass. But she had a surprise waiting for him. There was something hard on her asshole. He got her naked in no time, and there it was. A shiny butt plug shoved deep in her asshole. With a gem ending, the silver toy was sticking out of her butt hole, and that gave him the perfect idea. This slutty brunette was due for some ass fucking tonight. She was already so horny, her pussy was dripping wet, and her ass tightened around her butt plug with every stroke of his hand. Oh, how she wanted to get spanked, then fucked all around her kitchen and living room. She wanted to milk his cock like never before and drink every drop of his tasty cum. But she knew he was not about to give her everything she wanted that easily. So his horny wife wrapped her juicy lips around his big, hard, thick cock and sucked hard. She was determined to make him lose his mind tonight. He wanted to make sure she got his dick super wet because her own spit will be her only lube. She already teased him with her butt plug. So now it’s his turn to tease her opening. If she wants his dick, her mouth will have to work harder than that. It’s like she read his mind and sucked him even better and harder. He slid his cock drenched with her spit into her tight asshole and pounded her tight ass hard. He fucked his babe in every position imaginable. On the table and the couch. He had her legs wrapped around him. Then the sexy naked girl was on top of him. Her dirty little asshole gripped his cock so hard. He could barely hold on and keep fucking her without busting. She was a horny little slut, never getting enough of his dick. She wanted it everywhere, fucking all of her holes. She even rubbed his wet tip on her swollen clit, begging to cum for him. 