This curvaceous blonde burglar broke inside a big house looking for a good score. However, the first thing she ran into was a big, pink dildo. She decided to have some dirty fun first. She went to the living room and placed a dildo on the counter before taking her pants on and squatting her voluptuous, bubbly ass on it. Right off the bat, she was riding vigorously and moaning in pleasure, completely forgetting she was in someone else’s house. Naturally, the owner came back at one point and found a gorgeous blonde burglar riding a big dildo on his counter! Surprised, he quickly caught her and started interrogating her. After realizing she hasn’t stolen anything yet, he figured out he might as well have some fun with such a beautiful, young girl. That pink dildo was his wife’s, but that didn’t stop the guy from grabbing it and shoving it back inside the thief’s dripping wet cunt. She just took it like a good girl and started screaming in pleasure. That was just the beginning for these two as the owner of the house then brought the girl to the kitchen and stuck a dildo to a fridge door to fuck the blonde even harder. That got him turned on as well so he bent the chick over and started ramming her doggy style. Her big plump ass was like a pillow. Every thrust into her banged his pubic bone against her, and her generous ass bounced and jiggled. With a real cock in her pussy and a dildo in her mouth, she was now stuck between the guy and his fridge, getting spit-roasted hardcore. Moaning and screaming in pleasure, her pussy was getting wetter by the second. To spice things up, he made her put the mask back on and give him a sloppy blowjob. Sucking and deepthroating as if her life depended on it, she was gagging and choking on that schlong before sitting on it in a cowgirl position. Her huge, round ass was bouncing up and down on the guy lying on the kitchen floor before they went to a living room couch. There, he ravaged the thief doggy style, shoving his hardon balls deep inside her snatch, stretching her to her absolute limits. After fucking each other in every position imaginable, he finally plastered this beauty with a load of sticky, white cum. 