This gorgeous teen babe desperately wanted to learn to play soccer. However, no boyfriend was able to handle her training schedule and her difficult demands. Fortunately, she hired a private coach and that turned out to be a good decision in more than one way. After a particularly intense training session where she kicked a ball in the backyard wearing the skimpiest and sexiest, sporty outfit, the coach brought her back inside for a relaxing massage. They got into talking and, after a steamy shower, she realized that he was capable of helping her with more than one thing. Straight out of the shower, she went naked to find the coach and immediately made her move. The naked girl sat in the guy’s lap and, feeling a throbbing bulge begging to burst, pulled out his massive schlong! Just like that, she was using her soft hands to stroke a veiny cock, getting hornier with every passing second. A handjob turned into a blowjob and her luscious lips were now grasping that rock-hard shaft as she was slobbering all over it. With a hand firmly holding that massive dick at the base, her head was bobbing up and down as the girl drooled and gagged on that boner. Even when he stood up, she continued sucking him off. Conveniently, the brunette grabbed a soccer ball to sit on it and make herself more comfortable while giving her coach a proper dick sucking. He then started rubbing his sweaty balls all over her beautiful face: up and down, side to side, across her mouth, her nose, her forehead. Aching for more, the cutie lied on her back and spread her legs. He simply stood up and shoved his meat balls deep inside the soccer chick. She gasped in pleasure and he started drilling. The harder and deeper he went, the more she moaned and screamed, begging him not to stop. One position after the other, they fucked in every way possible. Eager to feel each other from every angle, they went from a missionary to a doggy style and a cowgirl, even trying particularly exotic positions before the coach finally reached his limits and jizzed all over the girl. 