When everyone has left the party and this guy stranded by the pool, these two horny teens jump on his dick like it’s free for all. These gorgeous, skinny babes got way too horny during the party, and he and his hard, big dick were just lying by the pool. For them, it was paradise. The girls quickly removed the rest of their slutty clothes and hopped on for a ride. Their pussies woke him up, and he did not hesitate to fuck their dirty little cunts hard. It was a dream come true for him to wake up and see two beautiful, smoking hot babes share his cock. He could cum just from the sight alone, but no, their pussies deserved all of his cum. The blonde babe rode him hard and fast, slamming her wet cun hard down onto his cock. She got him ready for her dark-skinned brunette friend. So he rubbed her clit, while the brunette sucked and licked his cock from the tip to his balls. Both girls were so horny and soaking wet. All these teen sluts wanted was to fuck around in this backyard all day. The brunette finally slid down his cock, and it made her knees shake. He was hitting her sweet spot over and over again. Her tight, wet, slippery pussy wanted to make him cum and fill her up. All of them changed positions, and he pushed the hot brunette over the table, and her best friend was on her knees, hungry to suck and lick her swollen clit. He came behind her and slid his dick back in. If this was a dream, he did not want to wake up. This guy fucked her so hard, good thing there was a table under her to keep her from falling. But the blondie was getting bored, so they lay down on the floor, and she straddled him and rode his big, hard, thick dick like a true cowgirl. Only with her cowboy boots on. There is no chance he will stop until both sluts are drenched in his cum, and the floor is wet from their squirting. Just from seeing her big, juicy ass and beautiful lips, he was hard again. Two naked girls wrapped their juicy lips around his cock. All three of them fucked all day long and kept cumming and cumming until they were out of breath. It looks like the party never stops for these two sluts. 