Tale as old as time, stepsister and stepbrother having the hots for each other. But this time, the stepbro is a little oblivious. His gorgeous, curvy Latina stepsister has a little crush on him. And by the looks of it, there is no limit to what she will do to get even the tiniest piece of him. She first spies him in the shower. This girl just can’t help it. Her stepbrother is having a steamy shower, and she needs to see him dripping wet and maybe even snap a few photos. But when she got there, he was not just wet. He was rock hard, his dick stood proudly, and his big hand was stroking it. Instantly, she felt wetness in her tight panties, and she felt compelled to move her hand a little lower and rub her swollen clit. She sneaked into his room and took one of his shirts. His smell was so strong, and it only made her hornier. She couldn’t take it any longer. His shirt fit one of his pillows perfectly, but she needed to hurry. She took off her tight shirt and humped his pillow. She wanted it to be him she was riding. Suddenly, he came out of the shower. The spicy Latina thought she had more time but guess not. The naked girl hid behind the curtains, but what he did, she could have never predicted. He was still hard and stroking his big, hard cock. This was her moment. His naked sister stepped out of her hiding place. He was startled, but when she wrapped her hand and mouth around his big cock, he couldn’t and didn’t want to resist her sweet wetness. They quickly undressed, and he slid his cock into her tight hole. He fucked her so hard, so fast in every position he could. He did not want to waste his time anymore. She got on all fours, spread her thick thighs, and gave him her wet, sloppy pussy on a silver platter. He couldn’t believe he was fucking his stepsister. It was like a wet dream, but he was not about to wake up. Not until he did everything he wanted to do to her for so long. Her pussy was so hungry for him, and all she wanted was to feel his cum fill her tight hole. Or even her mouth. She wants to drink every drop of it.  