It is such a bore to clean the house, especially if you are a horny teenager that just wants to go out and have fun. I know that very well, so I wanted to tease my new girlfriend’s hot daughter. This blondie hated cleaning and I wanted to punish her for it. She had no money to hire a maid, so she made a hot deal with me so I would leave her be. The slutty stepdaughter offered me a blowjob, so she wouldn’t have to do any chores. This wasn’t her first time doing this, so I didn’t really feel bad. And why should I reject a blowjob from a hot teen? Her mom was hot, but this slut was the real delight. She got on her knees and unzipped my pants. She was astonished by my big cock and she couldn’t wait to give it a good suck. And she was really good at it, I immediately realized she was a born little cocksucker. It was so good and I couldn’t resist filling that slut’s mouth with my cum. She didn’t even know it was gonna hit her. After that hot filling, she asked me to give her my credit card so she could go shopping. What a whore! It was turning me on so much, I couldn’t wait to make her do that again. I couldn’t stop thinking about hitting that teen pussy. One day she came home all horny and playful. I knew she wanted me to fuck her as she started playing with her tits, teasing me so I couldn’t resist her. Her mom was going to arrive soon, so it was so thrilling to have her catch me banging her whore daughter.   The slut took off her hot pants and bent over the counter, inviting me to shove my dick deep inside that sweet pussy. I got behind her and placed the head of my cock against her glistening labia. Slowly I pushed and felt her tight pussy walls squeezing me hard as I slid my shaft into her. I was hitting that cunt so hard, as she deserved it for being such a dirty slut. She was asking for punishment. I got on the floor and she gave me a slight blow, before she sat on top of me. Her mom never rode me like that, but her daughter was really into it. She was a real cowgirl taming my dick. I would do anything to her and I was thinking about cumming all over that bitch’s face. It is inviting me to let a heavy load of my jizz on it. And she was so loud as my cock was destroying her cunt. I think all the neighbors could hear her moans, but I didn’t care as long as she was doing me like a rodeo. Once she turned around, I could grab and look at her fine, big ass. Next time I’m gonna hit it so hard, she wouldn’t be able to walk anymore. I was still nailing her as we heard her mom coming home. I had enough time to cum all over that slut’s face before she caught us.