This is the girlfriend of the year. She is granting all of her boyfriend’s kinky wishes. He longs to see his smoking hot girlfriend railed by another guy. He wants to see her, really see her enjoy herself. She’s not the one to back down from a challenge, and she is ready to make everything exactly how he wants it. She even let him pick out her outfit. Her boyfriend has a specific taste, and only her tight, short black dress. It hugs her in all the right places, and her big, juicy boobs look amazing in it. So she did exactly as he said. If there is one thing she loves to do, it’s following her boyfriend’s orders. When everything is set up and all of his requests are met, she is ready to begin. She knows he likes this fantasy, and she will deliver it the best way she can. Then her lover comes in, and now she is getting the whole idea behind this encounter. It is hot to fuck someone else and know your boyfriend is watching. There are no lies. No depict all she has to do is let herself go and have fun. That’s not going to be hard at all, his dick was hard the moment he saw her, and it was huge. But her lover wanted to make her happy first and taste her. He lifted her slutty dress, took off her panties, and licked her pretty opening. He slid his tongue inside of her wet pussy, and sucked on her clit. She was having so much fun. She almost forgot she was being watched. Her whole body shivered from his every touch, and she ached to return the favor. Her mouth felt lonely, and she needed to fill it up with his dick. She swallowed his dick, trying to take it all in. But he was too big for her dirty little mouth. She couldn’t wait to feel him stretch her pussy out. When he finally slid into her tight cunt, she couldn’t remember when was the last time she felt this good. She let go and let him pound her, grab her ass and her tits. She even let him cum on her face! She adores cum on her face…a lot of women like it. She looked like such a nasty slut with cum dripping down her face. A true whore, that was good for nothing but dirty nasty use. Her lover pushed her onto all fours and kept fucking her hard from behind. She begged him to cum on her tits and he did it, erupting with jizz all over her! 