This beautiful young brunette babe was visiting her black boyfriend’s family for the first time. The introductions went well and they all got to know each other. His mother is glamorous and sophisticated and his father is wise and successful. A very respected surgeon! In the living room when the family set around sharing dessert, the girl started to notice his father staring at her. She became convinced that it’s because she had done something wrong. Her boyfriend told her to stop being ridiculous. Of course, he did’t hate her. He was just a quiet man. They went to bed. It was 2am. The girl had insomnia and decided to go to the kitchen to get a glass of water. She walked into the kitchen and suddenly found herself face-to-face with his father! He was sitting in his bathrobe, drinking milk and eating cookies. There he let her know that his son was going to end up with someone who was the right fit for both him and their family. There was an awkward silence in the room. ‘If you want to be part of this family, you’re going to need to start by impressing me.’ He took his hard black cock out! Her mouth dropped open, as she fully realized what her future father-in-law was proposing. ‘Just 10 minutes now and you would have my full approval and support for life’. She hesitated.’The only thing my son is waiting on is my opinion.’ She couldn’t believe this was happening. ‘There is a ring in his bedroom with your name on it. A family heirloom. My grandmother’s ring.’ He said. Otherwise, the father would tell his son how she wasn’t good for him and that would break up their engagement. Slowly getting to her knees, the young girl told her boyfriend’s father that she wanted to marry his son and she would prove it! He commanded the girl to stick her tongue out and that’s when he slowly inserted his massive black dick inside her tight mouth.   She could barely fit half of it inside but she was sucking it like a good girl, not wanting to ruin the relationship with her boyfriend. There was nothing this cutie could do other than listen to instructions. The longer the blowjob went, the harder he shoved that member down her throat, making her drool on it and choke while trying to swallow. That’s when he picked her up on the kitchen counter and started ramming her wet snatch. She was reluctant and it turned him on, he effortlessly pounded his schlong balls deep inside her cherry. One position after the other, her boyfriend’s father ravaged that tight cunt. From a cowgirl into a doggy style, every time they’d change positions he’d take the opportunity to lick her tiny, white pussy, making her even wetter. Finally, he ended up drilling the girl in a missionary on a chair before reaching his limits and pumping a load inside of her, giving her a messy creampie. He left her like that and she collected herself before going to bed. The next morning, the boyfriend woke her up, unaware of what happened the previous night. Horny, he licked her cum filled pussy before inserting his boner inside of it and starting to pound her. He went long and hard, making sweet and passionate love to his white girlfriend, hammering her with his big, black dick. Holding her firmly and kissing her, he banged that cunt in a missionary position before getting to the edge. That’s when he came hard, giving her another creampie, filling her to the brink.