There is crazy bad and crazy amazing. But this girl quickly erased all of her boundaries when she sneaked into the dorm room of the guy she had the biggest crush on. She hid on his lower bunk bed and waited. When he started jerking off, she couldn’t believe this was her chance. He was shaking the whole bed with his thrusts, and all she wanted was to feel those thrusts in her tight cunt. The girl wanted to have a little peek, just a peek, nothing more. But when she saw his huge, hard dick in his hand, she couldn’t resist. She had to have him now. So she reached into the little hole in his bed and grabbed his rock-hard dick. He was startled a little but soon realized that a smoking hot babe had her manicured hand wrapped around his dick. He just went with it, and stuck his cock in the glory hole. She worshiped it. She sucked and licked. Her mouth wrapped around his dick perfectly, and she pushed him so deep into her slutty little mouth. With both hands she milked his cock into her mouth. He came hard but her pussy was throbbing for his dick. Her tight little cunt was soaking wet. All that it was missing was his big, hard cock deep inside of her. So he climbed down and gave her what she wanted. He pounded her tight pussy so hard. She could barely hold onto the bed. Cute naked girl climbed on the ladders and held on with both her hands and legs. She bent over and gave him full access. Her tight, wet hole was hungry, and only he could satisfy her. Her crush was getting so real so fast. He was so horny, all he could think about was her throbbing, tight hole wrapped around his dick, and he will cum so fast. But no, he wanted more. If this little slut was ready to sneak into his room, then she is prepared to do everything with him. When they switched positions, he spread her legs and bent over to taste her. He sucked her swollen clit, and licked her pretty pussy lips. She was hungry for more, and when he lay down, she quickly got on top and squirted all over him! Then that young naked girl slid down his cock. She jumped up and down, milked his cock with her cunt. She wasn’t planning on stopping until every drop of his cum was inside of her. It made her cum so much. She ached for him to fill her up with his cum, and she won’t stop until he does. 