My cute brunette girlfriend knows how to get me going. It was Easter and I was casually walking around the house when I ran into her wearing the sexiest, most inviting lingerie I’ve ever seen. She had this see-through white bra, panties, and stockings with a garter belt on. I could see the hints of her nipples and that tight pussy. On top of that, it fit her skinny frame perfectly. With those slim waist and a big bubble ass, a lovely look on her face, I was instantly rock hard. Luckily, that was just the beginning. She also had a pair of bunny ears attached which turned her lingerie into a perverted cosplay. The moment I saw her, she started talking dirty, mentioning how she was ready for us to fuck like rabbits. I didn’t need any more convincing but she was happy to continue teasing. That’s how we went on a tour around the house where she walked and bounced left and right, putting her incredible body on full display for me, dancing and twerking her perfect ass. All that seducing got both of us even hornier. That’s when this brunette stripped naked for me, leaving nothing but those bunny ears on. She grabbed a glass dildo and shoved it in her pussy. Right off the bat, she was vigorously fucking herself, screaming and squirting in front of me with her legs spread wide. Watching that transparent dildo making that cunt squirt got me all impatient and she saw that.   I found myself standing, with my raging cock out and this petite bunny underneath me, on her knees, giving me one of the wettest and sloppiest blowjobs ever. She was spitting and drooling on my dick while simultaneously trying to swallow as much of it as possible. To return the favor, I picked her up all the way to my shoulders and ate that squirting pussy with a passion. Just like with her dildo, she was now screaming on my tongue. After all that messy oral foreplay my girl lied on her back and showed off her flexibility by spreading her legs all the way behind her shoulders as I inserted my hardon inside her tight, pulsating hole. I was so turned on that it took just a bit of hardcore pounding before I reached my limits and shot a massive load of jizz inside of her. I pulled away and watched her masturbate with my cum oozing out of her. That got me hard again so I went back inside and started fucking her brains out harder than before. I held her neck firmly and rammed that snatch balls deep while she begged for more. One stream of cum after the other was ejected with such force into her cunt. One position after the other, we started experimenting and trying all kinds of exotic positions. I held her in the air and railed her with jizz dripping out of her pussy. Then she rode me like a slutty cowgirl, bouncing up and down. Cum was squirting out of her cunt. I drained my balls inside of her multiple times, filling her up, one creampie after another. Happy Easter!