Relationships are hard and complicated, but some love can conquer anything. So when this girl’s boyfriend acted weird during their shift, she called him out for it. But what he had to say were not the words she was ever hoping to hear. Her boyfriend cheated on her, and all because she was too vanilla for him. He loved her, but their sex life was not it for him. He needed something more freaky and exciting. This blonde angel was not ready to lose him, and she was determined to become the devilish and freaky girlfriend he wanted. She got on her knees and wrapped her dirty little mouth around his big, already hard penis. He couldn’t believe she was doing that in the middle of their shift, under the counter of the coffee shop. His shock wore off quickly, and he was down to fuck her naughty brains out. But they had to be sneaky and hide from the customers. That was a big part of their thrill. He rimmed her while she was trying to be the star barista and tend to her customers. She was mad horny, and all she wanted was to feel his cock stretch her tight pussy out. Once the teens had the coffee shop to themselves, they wasted no time and got naughty and dirty on the table. He could finally slip his tongue in her dripping slit. She could’ve cumed right then and there, but she held on for the main course. He stood up and slid his schlong into her juicy, dripping wet hole. Maybe she was wrong to be so basic and vanilla. When he takes her right there in the middle of their coffee shop, on the table where just a minute ago, people were sitting. She got so horny because of that thought, and she could go on for hours. But she knew they had to make it quick, no matter how much she wants this to last. Maybe she could be a nasty little slut, but only for him. He pounded her tight pussy as hard as he could, and with every thrust, she could feel him a bit deeper inside of her. Every thrust brought her closer to the edge, and he was hitting all the right spots. She wanted to feel his cum fill her up, and complete her transition from the innocent angel to a devilish slut. 