This shy babe decided to treat herself with a relaxing massage. But, once she got there, there was a stunning blonde that was teasing her mind. The masseuse was firing up her lesbian fantasy and she had no choice but to tell the blonde all her dirty daydreams. As she was taking her clothes off, she felt her pussy becoming wet. The sexy girl was exciting her. The hot masseuse started rubbing her body and her clit was throbbing with every touch. As she was grabbing her tits, she felt her pussy burning. The blondie was feeling it too. She used both hands to massage her breasts, feeling her erect nipples between her fingers. Moving her hands further down, she spread her legs, massaging between.  She was completely naked, so her body was visible in all its glory. She continued to massage her thighs getting close to her naked pussy. She felt the heat coming off her moistening pussy. What the girl didn’t know was that this wasn’t the first time this lesbian would have sex with her clients. There was no going back, so the masseuse got down and started eating that juicy cunt. It tasted so sweet and she kept playing with it as her lover was moaning with pleasure. This was her first lesbian affair and she loved it so much more than any other fuck she had ever had. Her pussy was tired of all those dicks, her pussy needed a feminine touch that would get her to cum intensely. The massage made her very relaxed, and that pussy licking turned her into a real slut. She wanted more after she got her first orgasm. Her new lover was so good at licking and she wanted to try it as well. She removed the shirt and started kissing those big tits. Once she got down, she found a wet pussy waiting for her to suck it good. The hot naked girls were so lost in this lesbian fuck, and they just wanted to keep banging. The cute babe wasn’t shy anymore when she tried hardcore scissoring. The girls were vigorously grinding their clits together. Their toned and muscular thighs were pressing together hard as they intensified their grinding.   The girls both moaned, their pussies melting together as sweet juices flooded from both of them. Their slits entering into each other as they slid up and down, making wet squishy noises as the two girls became one. The masseur then pushed the girl on all fours so she was with her ass high in the air, spread her ass cheeks, rubbing her pussy with her hand. She was now in a perfect position to continue girl-fucking her. It was a beautiful site as the two naked girls were cumming together. Then she sat on the masseuse’s face to get the wettest orgasm all over her face. She eagerly lapped at the pussy, which was soaked in their combined juices. After a few dripping orgasms, she was turned into a full-time lesbian slut. The two girls enjoyed licking each other’s pussies for a while until they had the strongest and longest orgasm they had ever had. They lay down next to each other, face to face. Feeling their smooth and firm bodies slide against each other, they made out. Kissing deeply and passionately, tasting their juices on each other’s lips and tongues. She even booked another wet session.