He just wanted to enjoy his sex doll in peace. The only problem is that he was fucking it right in the living room. His hot little stepsister walked in. She was shocked to see him there, she was fed up with catching his brother all over the house with his dumb sex doll. Watching him poinding his cock into the doll she decided ti show her stepbrother how to fuck a real pussy. So she did just that and took her tight top off. Her beautiful, juicy, and perky tits here staring back at her stepbrother. He was confused, but the thought of seeing this smoking hot babe naked drove him wild. She threw caution to the wind and decided to show him how to use his own sex toy. She went for a scissoring, and her stepbro decided to shove his penis in the doll’s mouth. It was a smoking hot foreplay, and it escalated quickly. His naked sister soon had her tight lips wrapped around his schlong, and she sucked him off and licked his balls. He almost came into her mouth, she was so good. Her warm, wet mouth felt so much better than the doll’s. He grabbed her head and began fucking her face hard. She wanted to give him a blowjob he won’t ever forget. He soon craved more, and more for him means only one thing, her tight cunt all wet for him and ready to be filled. The young naked girl climbed on top of him, positioned her little pussy right on top of him, and slid down his huge, thick cock. A real pussy felt amazing, he marvelled at how soft and firm her pussy walls were. He stretched her out, but she loved that feeling, and she wanted more. Cute naked girl jumped hard and milked his cock with her vagina. His hands grabbed her cute little ass cheeks. Now he was her personal toy to use as she pleased. He was not one to complain, all he ever dreamed about was fucking pounding her tight pussy hard into the next week and have her all to himself. They couldn’t care less that they were getting down and dirty in the living room. It was a thrill to maybe have someone walk in on them, and see them doing the unspeakable. But all they cared about was cuming for each other, and they did, hard, all over the couch.  