This blonde girl woke up super horny, with the sight of her boyfriend’s morning wood next to her, she just could keep her hands off her pussy. She slipped her hand down her body and stopped when she reached her swollen, throbbing clit. It was a sight to behold, and when he opened his eyes, his morning wood was poking out its head. That was all she wanted, to see his hard dick up and stiff, all ready for her tight pussy. She wrapped her lips around his penis, bopped her head up and down, and drenched his cock in her spit. His sexy naked girlfriend climbed on top of him, slid down his hard cock, and stretched her pussy out. He was the luckiest dog in the world, with a girlfriend that was horny from sunrise until sundown. He was not about to let all that lust go to waste. No, he wanted to harvest her lust, and fuck her all day long. Once they finished destroying the bed and he came all over her, they went on with their day, and on the agenda was yoga. But she looked too damn hot in her little outfit, so he got under her, undressed her, and stuck his tongue in her wet hole. She quickly got her mouth on his schlong and, she milked his cock for the second time that day. 69 is such a beautiful position! They were a horny couple, so very into each other, and being all cooped up inside brings out the horniest, naughtiest versions of this lovely chick. Seeing them go down on one another in a 69 was beautifully erotic, but that final position! Brazenly sexy! But she was not done, her pussy was aching, throbbing to feel him inside of her once again, but could he do it again. Well, of course, he knows how much of a cock sucking slut his girlfriend was, and he wasn’t planning on disappointing her. He fucked his naked girlfriend on the dinner table, but first, she rode him. She showed off her cowgirl talents before he flipped her over and slid his cock back inside of her. He made her whole body shake and buying from her non-stopping orgasms. This time, she wanted to feel his cum fill her up, to feel him unloading inside of her. She wanted to collect every drop of his cum in her little hole. She was not about to go all prude on him now, and she begged to be filled up. So he did just that and finally took a break. 