When in a pickle, come to daddy, or in this chick’s case stepdaddy. They were home alone, so she went for it and asked him the question she was embarrassed to ask. Her boyfriend wants her to lick his ass hole, or as her stepdad put it, to rim him. He had a better suggestion, maybe instead of answering her question and giving her tips and tricks of rimming, she could just practice on him. Of course, this little slut accepted, and they got naked in a second. Her stepdad lied down on the ottoman, spread his legs so she can get down to business. She wrapped her delicate hand around his hard cock, and stuck her tongue into his asshole. It took her a little practice but quickly she got the hang of it. So when she did her first assignment, she got busy again and wrapped her mouth around his dick. His naked stepdaughter switched from sucking his cock to licking his asshole and swirling her tongue in circles around his balls. Then it was his turn. He flipped her over, and placed her on the ottoman, with her ass sticking out and her legs spread. She was so horny, she has never enjoyed tutoring like this before. He shoved his big, rock-hard dick inside of her and she moaned as he stretched her out. Was this her plan all along? Did she brought up the one question, she knew would get her in this situation. Maybe, she had the hots for her stepdad since forever, and fucking him was definitely on her bucket list. He pounded her tight cunt so hard, her gorgeous body was shaking from his thrusts. He went into her so deep, deeper than anyone has been before. She sure could get used to this. She begged him to fuck her hairy pussy harder, to go in even deeper, to make her cum like a good little cock slut she actually was. Her whole innocent facade quickly crumbled the second he was inside of her. Was he really surprised his stepdaughter was such a horny slut? Of course not, he could feel her lust anytime they were in the room together. Sure fucking her in the living room was risky, but it was steamy hot to stop now. She got on top of him and rode his schlong until he filled her cunt up with his cum. She can’t wait until the next time they are alone. 