While their stepdads chilled on the couch, these two cute little nubiles were having a blast with an Easter egg hunt. One was a petite and skinny redhead with the tiniest tits and big and nerdy glasses, and the other was a bit curvier and more voluptuous brunette teen. Not only did they look dashing, but the girls also had the skimpiest outfits. With nothing but loose shirts and panties, bunny ears, and tails, the two hopped around the house, finding eggs and fooling around. That kept them busy for just a little while because they quickly figured out a better way to have fun. The cuties went to the bedroom, where they quickly stripped naked and went for pussy licking. The redhead was on her back, with her slim legs spread wide, while the brunette had her pretty face buried deep inside her girlfriend’s tight, pink, shaved pussy. Her tongue was going all over as she tasted those juices, using her fingers to enhance the other girl’s pleasure. To switch things up, the naked girls swapped places, and the redhead was more than happy to return the pleasure. However, just as the girls were really getting into it, their stepdads barged in and caught them in the act. At first, they were completely stunned. The stepdaughters tried to hide everything as quickly as possible, but both stepdads saw them eating each other out. The dads told them since they had gotten bored with the egg hunt they had another guessing game they could all play together!   While being blindfolded, the girls must guess which dick they got in their mouths! Their dads sat the teens on the chairs, told them to close their eyes, each had the other one’s stepdad’s cocks in their mouths. Still keeping their eyes closed, they were choking on gagging on those dicks before the men swapped places. Both girls ended up sucking their own stepdads off and guessing wrongly, which caused them to lose the game and strip their clothes. Just like that, both teens ended up naked and bent over a table, with their hung stepdads standing behind them. Before the real, hardcore foursome started, both redhead and brunette asked if they could switch so that they could fuck each other’s stepdad. Moments later, both men were vigorously pounding these young babes from behind. Moaning and screaming, brunette and redhead were being ravaged doggy style simultaneously. That’s when they started spicing things up. The redhead found herself on the knees, giving another blowjob, passionately swallowing dick. Her girlfriend, on the other hand, was on the table on her back, spreading her legs as far as possible to be hammered relentlessly. Then, the redhead climbed next to her and now they were once again being drilled at the same time. From there on out, there was no stopping this foursome. From banging those tight holes to fucking their throats, stepdads railed their stepdaughter into many orgasms before rewarding them with loads of hot, sticky jizz.