It is the year 2095 and the technology can let you make an android clone of deceased relatives. A lonely dad lost his daughter, so he had her recreated in Android form. ARTIFAMILY had evolved to become the leading treatment facility for victims of exploitation, emotional distress, and extreme bereavement. This company specializes in creating android clones of deceased loved ones so that no one must suffer the loss of losing someone too soon ever again. The team of scientists were able to upload and digitize his daughter’s brain cells to construct an exact clone, using machine learning and patented algorithms to generate a personality match from the digital data. She looked just like his little Jessica, but there was something odd with this robot. When he took her home, all she kept asking about was fucking. It was driving him crazy as he couldn’t fuck his little girl. But Jessica discovered that her pussy would often get wet and that she needed a hard dick to satisfy that urge. He kept rejecting her and read the manual he was given, particularly the diagram about how to turn the android off. She kept driving him crazy when she would tease him. It was making him crazy! ‘I am a perfectly proportioned 18-year-old girl’, ‘I am always eager to please you.’ The man shook his head in disbelief. ‘Yes daddy,’ she smiled turning onto her knees and crawling to his lap. ‘I am the best version of your daughter. I want you to fuck me, daddy!’ In a panic, he pressed his thumb between her eyes and the android clone closed its eyes and fell into a rest mode position. But she wasn’t even his real daughter. She was no his little baby. He grabbed the frozen girl’s face aggressively. ‘I should just fuck you till you break!’ he yelled. In the heat of the moment, his thumb re-actived her.   He grabbed her head and shoved his dick so deep inside the girl’s mouth! He wanted her to choke on his big dick for being such a filthy slut. He kept deepthroating her as she was gagging. She had been teasing him so much, and now he needed to punish the whore. It was time to see what his dick can do to her. He wanted to destroy the bitch. The sloppy blowjob was making him even hornier and he was pushing it deeper in her filthy mouth. ‘You’re hungry for Daddy’s cock aren’t you,’ he pushed his balls into her mouth. Her cheeks puffed out like a chipmunk, drooling on his ball sack. He realized he got the ultimate sex machine instead of his daughter. He had the Android girl against the wall and stood behind her. His head was boiling and his cock was so hard it was driving him crazy. Dad pushed it deep inside the robot’s cunt and started banging her like a slut. That young pussy was so wet and he couldn’t resist having a taste of it. It was so sweet and it needed more cock in it. He was choking the slut as he was hitting that cunt. His cum was dripping out of her mouth as he was face fucking her. But she wanted more, so he gave it to her. His girl turned him into a crazy pervert and smashing her cunt was the only thing on his mind. He didn’t even leave the house for days, as he was banging that slut all the time. The whole place was all sticky and messy from all that cum. He liked it sloppy and he fucked her everywhere. The Android’s pussy was designed to please his cock like no other pussy could. The daddy was so proud of his baby becoming a real woman and a great cocksucker. He was afraid that she might break from all that merciless fucking, so he ordered another clone, so he could have two girls at the same time. 