Jordi’s girlfriend brought him to a school of etiquette so he could learn how to be a proper gentleman before meeting her wealthy family. The guy didn’t even tuck his shirt in when the girlfriend introduced him to the teacher. What he did pay attention to, however, was just how breathtaking the teacher was. She was this ravishing, classy babe with luscious, black hair and an exotic accent. The hottie was desperately trying to teach this young man something but he seemed absolutely uninterested. At one point, the dude simply pulled his cock out and started flailing it around. The teacher sighed in annoyance but that throbbing young boner sparked her interest. Mesmerized by his size, the beauty dropped down on her knees, grabbed the shaft with one hand, and placed her luscious lips on it. Just seconds later, she started with one of the most sensual and erotic blowjobs ever. She was seductively staring at the guy with her big, blue eyes while swallowing his veiny rod and stroking it passionately. Softly moaning in satisfaction, the sexy woman was really getting into it, making that meat all wet and slippery in addition to it being rock hard. Just as they were getting wild, his girlfriend barged in and the teacher quickly hid under the table. Still having his dick in her mouth, the MILF never stopped sucking her student off, even while he talked to the girlfriend. Finally, she went away and the teacher was able to take things further. She mentioned something about how real gentlemen always return the favor. That’s when this glam babe lifted her dress and bent over. Without wasting a moment, he buried his face between her ass cheeks and started slobbering all over her aching pussy. Moaning harder than ever, the cutie was getting hornier with every passing second. At one point, she simply told him to start fucking her and, from there on out, there was no going back. The young fellow stood up and shoved his schlong inside that dripping cherry from being. Right off the bat, he was banging the MILF balls deep, making the madame scream in pleasure. From a doggy style position, where she was bent over a dining table, they proceeded to the couch, where she spread her legs in a missionary position. That tight, trimmed pussy was on full display for him so he just continued pounding. One position after the other, they were bent on trying everything out. Not just that, but like a proper gentleman he shoved his cock inside her tight asshole. He quickly stretched it and continued ramming her ass vigorously. With a massive cock spreading her tight holes to their limits, the brunette was in heaven. Many orgasms later after enjoying that rod in every way possible, she got covered in cum. 