The bubbly housewife is home alone, anxiously waiting for her husband to come back from work. She is a little cockteasing whore, sending her man a couple of sexy photos just to make him hurry up. Her blonde hair is up in a glam ponytail, her long legs are in lacy black stockings, and her perfect ass is covered only by a teeny tiny thong. She plays with her picture-perfect pussy, while a heart-shaped butt plug is stretching her tight ass hole. Finally, the stud is back home, finding his horny wife with her legs wide apart, welcoming him. He takes his time watching her masturbating and fucking her ever-narrowing ass with the sex toy. After a couple of minutes, he dives into her slippery pussy, greedily sucking on her pink clit. The blonde bombshell is now on her knees, with her husband’s cock deep inside her mouth. She licks the swollen tip of his penis, moving her naughty tongue further down the shaft. The babe now strips her clothes, except the stockings, and eagerly awaits for the massive dick to plow her twat. He keeps thrusting, again and again, his cock twitching in pleasure and filling her love hole with his juicy spunk. The fun doesn’t stop here. She wants more of that gorgeous dick inside her. This time, he plunges his shaft deep into his wife’s butt using his sperm as lubricant. He starts to pound in and out of her beautiful ass. That is what she has been waiting for all day long! His spunk is still warm, oozing from her pussy down to her tight ass. The babe takes it up missionary style but soon straddles the guy and rides his manhood.   She cums once again, rubbing her wet twat while her aching butthole is stretched and devastated by her husband’s joystick. Her asshole is so horny it welcomed the entire length of this massive dick. He can feel another orgasm building up between his legs, but she keeps begging for more. Her bubble ass bounces around, and the blonde is moaning loudly, completely lost in the swirl of passion. He is a gentleman, so he lets her cum first. After a couple of seconds, he ejaculates wildly, now filling her butt hole with more of his white sticky semen. Believe it or not, she wants more! What a cum slut! As soon as he gets a hard-on again, he is back to ramming her asshole until she cums once again. Not only does she want both her holes filled with cum, but she wants to drink every single drop of it. He leans forward and plunges balls deep in one thrust. The lucky husband wanks his swollen penis while his slutty blonde wife is teasing him with the sign of a pussy glistening with cum. She pushes her hips up, legs high in the air, making the warm spunk trickle down from her pussy straight to her mouth. You can see his thick cum dripping out of her gaping anus. Some of it running down her thigh, some running down into and out of her open cunt, and some just falling onto her face. What an amazing site to see. The hunk cums once again. This time, he empties his balls all over the blonde’s pretty face. She plays with the jizz, smearing it over her perky boobs, licking the juicy fluid off her naughty fingers.