A young, ebony teenage girl has been seeing her ginger head boyfriend for some time now. On this occasion, he has come over to her house since the girl needs some help with studying. Her kinky voluptuous mom has other plans. An Ebony MILF is in a kitchen, baking some cookies, while secretly checking out the young stud. She approaches him, wearing a short flowery dress stretched against her perfect round hooters and delicious butt cheeks. The daughter is mad at her mother, calling her disgusting, but the MILF doesn’t give a fuck. She needs a man to stuff her creamy love hole asap. She pretends that she’s having computer troubles. Luckily, he is eager to make a good impression because he’s meeting his girlfriend’s mom for the first time. The bad ebony mom hasn’t checked if the dough was rising. She was more interested in making the guy’s cock double in size. The sexy mom pulls her dress down, revealing a pair of big round melons, making his cock hard instantaneously. The nerdy guy unzips his pants, letting this tantalizing slut drool all over his manhood. She gorges on this stiff white cock, giving the guy a naughty gaze straight to the eyes. Next thing you know, the black MILF gets up on a kitchen counter, ready to take his cock up her wet velvety pussy. Looking down between her spread legs, he positions his cock at the entrance of her pink pussy lips, pressing it gently into the folds. Wrapping her legs around him she goes crazy. He keeps thrusting, and she rubs her wet pink clit. Her chocolate brown areolas are the largest he has ever seen, and her black nipples are equally big. She is a hot MILF, much more experienced than any teen girlfriend.   Thick, jiggly, and fine as fuck, she climbs up and starts riding him, bouncing on his white cock. She impales her wet snatch on his joystick while her juicy melons bounce up and down, matching the rhythm. The innocent-looking is amazed by the milf’s cock riding skills, barely refraining from shooting his load. ‘Give me that big dick orgasm I want!’ She goes for it too! Rising up and slamming down into him hard. His hands are on her booty while she works herself with more skill than all teen girls combined. The milf wants to taste his cock once again, and it tastes sweeter than her forgotten cookies. She takes his rock-hard lollypop down her naughty mouth, savoring it, tasting every inch of it. ‘Come on baby, cum in my mouth!’ The black naked woman gets on the floor and makes him cum all over her face. ‘I want a white cream pie now! You hear me? I want you to fill me up!’ Once again, she straddles him. Cum dripping down her face onto her black tits. Her hooters are so enormous she can lick them while her pussy devours his cock. She keeps spitting and drooling all over her oversize coconuts, rubbing her clit even more vigorously. Her juices cover his cock’s head, dripping down the balls. The wild cock riding rodeo continues. She keeps rocking her hips and playing with her tits until she finally cums all over his shaft. The guy can’t control himself anymore. He shoots a massive load into her voluptuous ebony body. His girlfriend returns just in time to see her naked mother covered in his semen.