Maybe not everyone dreams of teaching their younger, ditsy stepsister how to squirt. This tall, skinny blonde surely didn’t. But when her younger sis sneaked into her room and found her sluttiest lingerie and all of her sex toys, she really had no choice. This young, curvy blonde woke up that day and chose to be snoopy. Her older stepsister was always a mystery to her. She had guys lining up to take her out and taste her pussy. She just wanted to see what the whole fuss was about. It couldn’t hurt to look. So she did, and she walked into her room like she owned the place. She was so confident when she found the sluttiest pair of hot pink lingerie. They looked so cute, and she couldn’t stop herself from trying them on. But then the one thing she never expected to see while she saw snooping happened. Her older stepsister walked in. She explained that she just wanted to know more about sex from her elder sister. She was young, but not that young, and that question was only natural. But her stepsis was not ready to explain all of the works of orgasm with her words. So she showed her. She grabbed her big dildo and showed her the thing she was most proud of, her squirting skills. The younger blonde was so stunned and amazed when she saw her sister having a squrting orgasm. Her lucky that she has her big sis to show her all the INS AND OUTS of squirting! So her sexy older sister pushed her on her back, took off her underwear, and began licking her tight teen pussy, preparing her to her first orgasm. She has never felt such please before. She was horny, and she needed more. The naked sisters licked and fingered each other so much. Then the girls rolled on top of each other in a traditional 69 position, lapping at each other’s wet pussies. Her elder sister sat on her face and began grinding her pussy on her face. One of the things she loves more than anything is being tongue fucked, so in a few minutes she had another squirting orgasm right in her younger’s sister’s open mouth. She came all over her face and the girls kept fingered their little pussies, deep and fast. They lost count of their orgasms. 