In addition to looking absolutely breathtaking and being a professional assassin, this ravishing babe is also an adrenaline junkie and she gets off on being in the action. She doesn’t bother with regular guys at the bar. Instead, it’s the danger that comes with the line of work that makes her horny. One night, she ended up in the middle of thrilling gunfire, looking to rescue one of her associates. They pulled it off and escaped to an apartment where the man lied down to rest. The opening scene was pretty cool lookы like an action film. Feeling all hot and bothered, the lavish brunette walked up to him, all slim and sexy. Her slender figure looked mesmerizing in that tight outfit. Without waiting, the beauty straddled the guy, clearly indicating her intentions. Just seconds later, she was pulling his pants down and taking his massive, raging boner out. Just like that, her luscious lips wrapped around the shaft and she started with one of the sloppiest blowjobs of her life. Kneeling in front of him, she was stroking that dick with both hands while deepthroating vigorously. Even that wasn’t enough to satisfy her lust so she commanded the partner to fuck her mouth hard. The girl was spitting and drooling all over that schlong before suddenly standing up and leaving him just like that. Stunned, there was nothing he could do, so he went to sleep. The next morning, the hottie came back and woke the guy by sitting back on top of him again. This time, she wore nothing but skimpy lingerie. Grinding off of his crotch, she was taking her bra off and, just seconds later, her pretty face was back to swallowing his morning wood. Now, she was ready to go all the way. After a wet blowjob, the girl bent over in front of the guy and he lubed her tight holes. Without hesitation, he pushed himself inside her tight asshole and started pounding. Oiled up and horny, the hottie immediately started screaming in pleasure and pushing herself towards him, eager to feel him even deeper inside her little ass. One doggy style anal later, and she was back to deepthroating him. I can’t get enough of this little slut smiling and dirty talking while doing passionate anal. Her tight ass was already used to his fat cock so he was able to rail her relentlessly and in any position he wanted. She was screaming on that dick before he finally exploded with loads of cum. The anal creampie finish is great! Great close-ups. There is something about watching this sexy babe getting ass fucked that just makes the world a better place. What a little sexpot! 