There is something about the summer, luxurious mansions, and glamorous pools that make a girl go hot and wild. A gorgeous young brunette is playing with her natural curves by the pool, enjoying the afternoon sun. She takes off her skimpy clothes to show off her assets, a perfect pair of perky boobs, and a nice ass. The young naked girl gets oiled up and feels her pussy heat up. Her small nipples also get some hard twisting as she passionately rubs her clit, secretly hoping that you, her neighbor, will notice and join her. She has been craving your long dick for a couple of long months. Soon you appear, already stiff and naked. She rushes to your knees and takes your throbbing cock deep inside her naughty mouth, licking it while looking you straight in the eyes. As she takes the cock in her mouth inch by inch, making it all wet and slippery, she feels her pussy aching for some hard ramming. The naked girl wants you to spread her legs and get a taste of her juicy cunt. You drip some oil and enter her horny slit with just the tip of your dick. The teen babe finds this cock teasing so tantalizing that she rubs her button while playing with her sore nipples. She has had enough of it, so she takes control and straddles you like a naughty cowgirl and starts riding you while you enjoy the look of her sensual back and heart-shaped ass. Soon enough, the sexy naked girl turns around and gets some hard pussy screwing from behind. Her screams are so loud, she stuffs her mouth with a towel, twitching and shaking with pleasure. You leave her waiting again, making her beg for more. The mischievous brunette straddles you again, now her tits facing you. Her perfect ass bounces up and down while she impales her aching cunt on your large cock. You make the fucking even more pleasurable by sticking one of your fingers up her narrow asshole, making her scream even louder. She rides the cock so greedily she cums all over its tip, making the oil and her pussy juices drip down your swollen balls. You are so overpowered by your lover’s cock-riding rodeo you pull out and shoot a massive load. You are jerking your hot jizz onto her asshole, watching white gobs of cum running down the crack of her sexy ass. The girl can’t wait for another chance at riding a huge cock and feeling that hot jizz all over her face! 