A married couple is in their bed, reading books, bored and worn out. They suddenly hear the girl’s screaming. She asks her husband to get up and go to his stepdaughter’s bedroom. It’s one of those nightmares she has been having for some time now, so he finds her frightened, hidden under the sheets. She used to sneak into her parents’ bedroom and sleep in their king-size bed, it made her feel better and less scared, but her bitchy blonde mother disapproved. She prefers being alone with her new man, enjoying his juicy cock from time to time. Sometimes, they feel the urge in the middle of the night, so she doesn’t want the brat ruining the excitement. However, the girl just can’t relax and fall asleep. Instead of staying in her room, she crawls to her parents’ bed, trying to find refuge lying beside her stepdad. He wakes up in the middle of the night with his stepdaughter’s fat ass on his cock! Her looks are deceiving – she is a horny little slut, who wants her stepdad to stuff her holes and make her cum. This is what his little slut wants instead of a bedtime story. She starts teasing the man. He hasn’t had any fun with his wife lately and has caught himself on many occasions getting stiff from looking at his stepdaughter’s young, firm body. The cock is soon out of his underwear, fully erect. She turns around, gasps at the sight of this erection, but takes her panties off and lets the cock slide into her slutty pussy. The mother is sleeping a couple of inches away, but they don’t mind – it looks like that makes them even hornier. He takes his stepdaughter’s pussy from the side, ramming it harder and harder, with his hand over her mouth, muffling her screams. Then she turns around and starts sucking the pulsating cock. In a matter of minutes, she becomes a wild cowgirl, impaling herself on her stepdad’s forbidden shaft. He gets her on the back, one hand over her mouth and another one hoisting one of her boobs up while wildly penetrating her love hole. The girl now wants to try out the reverse cowgirl pose. Her young body twists while she moves her hips up and now, pushing her stepdad’s dick deep up her dripping wet pussy. As he strokes her clit, her moans become louder, but the mother is still unaware of her husband’s manhood screwing her daughter’s slit. The kinky couple switches positions again, dad feeding the girls’ hungry pussy from behind. He occasionally takes a look at his wife’s ass in lacy white tongs. The stud secretly hopes she will wake up, so they both can enjoy the demure-looking slut. He can feel a massive orgasm building up in his groin, stuffing the girl’s tight hole with all his might. Once the girl exhales a muffed long moan, he knows she has had enough of his dick. He pulls his massive shaft out and sprays his warm thick jizz all over the babe’s back and tight tushy.   At FamilyStrokes, sexy stepsisters and stepdaughters get the fuck of their lives! If you enjoy busting a nut to intense family porn action starring hot sisters, mature stepmoms, horny step brothers and pervy step dads, this site is just for you! These gorgeous young naked girls never imagined they would end up seduced and fucked by their new stepbrothers or that they would find themselves getting fondled by their stepdads while sucking their cocks, or even having hot lesbian sex with their stepmothers or masturbating with their stepsisters! Threesomes, foursomes and more-some family sex! Now the fun stays in the family!