Once you find yourself in a committed relationship, this strange phenomenon starts to happen. At first, it comes once in a blue moon, but then, the more time you spend with your girlfriend, it happens as often as sundown or sunrise. Maybe you are confused as to what the hell I am talking about. Well, buckle up, and let me tell you a story. Me and my girlfriend, my gorgeous, skinny, blonde girlfriend, were moving in together. Sure it was a big step for us, but the one thing I was most excited about was seeing her pretty ass walk around the house next to nothing. Once you fuck your girlfriend a couple of hundred times, this phenomenon will happen. It won’t matter what she is wearing. She can be dressed as a nun or like a hooker because after seeing her naked so many times, this sixth sense develops. I can now see my beautiful girlfriend naked at any given point. I know, it’s bananas! So like today, we were moving boxes into our new apartment, and she was in a tight white bodysuit, without the bra, bless her heart and those tight booty shorts. She was trying to be sexy, but I am telling you, it doesn’t matter what she is wearing anymore, because all I see now is her sexy, naked body at all times. Seeing her strut around the house, bending down, and picking up boxes got me so hard. I can see through her clothes, I can see her gorgeous naked ass and her lovely, bald pussy. My babe has the most incredible body I’ve ever seen, and no girl can even come close to her sexiness.   Good thing she noticed because the next thing I know, my girl is on her knees, and my shorts are wrapped around my ankles. You have to love a good little cock slut, especially when she is all yours and no one else’s. So she pushed me onto a chair, and she took my already hard dick in her mouth. You could tell by the second she tried to deepthroat my schlong, she could barely take it. Just my tip stuffed her little mouth. But my good girl kept trying, and I love her for that. I managed to score a smoking hot, blonde babe, and she is a massive slut for me. I feel like I have won the lottery. I waited until she took her tight clothes off, and I got her on top of me. She slid down my dick, the feeling of her pussy muscles pulsating and clasping tight around my cock is the best feeling in the world. Her perfectly-formed round ass cheeks were moving up and down. She rode me like a true cowgirl. She jumped up and down. I swear I could’ve came in a second. But no, my baby girl needs more. I flipped her over, so she can be on all fours. I love her juicy, tight ass. Even more, when it’s wrapped around my hard dick, I pounded her tight pussy so hard I could see it on her face she couldn’t hold her orgasm in for much longer. Her wet pussy felt amazing, and she begged me to cum on her cute face. She was jerking my cock fast and hard, swirling her tongue around my mushroomed head as thick sticky ropes of cum erupted from it.