I spotted my neighbor’s daughter driving her bicycle around the backyard and my mind instantly went to a naughty place. She is this petite blonde teen who was dressed up in the tightest racing outfit. Playfully making circles in the backyard, I couldn’t stop staring at her slender frame, thinking of all the dirty things I would do to her. At one point I got too horny so I rushed behind her and lifted her off that bike. At first, I saw that she was a bit surprised but the moment she felt my strong arms holding her firmly and fondling her body, she got wet. Her perky tits popped out of that skimpy top and I started squeezing them. Just seconds later, I was taking my pants off and pulling my raging boner out. This tiny girl knew exactly what to do because she immediately dropped down, took the shaft with one hand, and swallowed the tip. I was too big for her tight mouth but she did her best to take in as much as possible. Bit by bit, more and more of my massive dick was going down her throat as she was choking and gagging. I could even hear faint moans of pleasure coming from this nubile as she enjoyed having a throbbing rod inside. The cutie could barely fit half the size inside but she kept going. That intense and passionate sucking made her pussy dripping wet. She was ready to take things further right there and then. I picked her up and lifted one of her slim legs.   Staring at the beautiful face, I slowly inserted my member inside her tight cherry and started drilling. Just like that, I was going balls deep inside. That’s when I picked her tiny body up and started railing her like a real sex doll! The blonde’s tight cunt was creaming all over my shaft as she was helplessly holding onto me and taking a rough pounding from underneath. I loved the fact that she was so light I could easily hold her and fuck her brains out. However, she was getting too loud for outdoor fucking so we headed back inside. There, I sat her down on her bike once more for another dick-sucking session. This time, the cutie was rubbing her pussy while gagging on my dick. I didn’t fuck her mouth as much as I did when we were outside because I was aching to go inside that wet cherry once more. Cute naked girl sat on me like an obedient cowgirl and I continued ramming. I could feel her and hear how wet she was, which only got me to bang her harder. She was such a sexy and spunky little slut. I grabbed that perfect little ass with both hands and kept pounding into her balls deep. From a cowgirl into a reverse cowgirl, and then some exotic positions, I had no plans on stopping. In addition to being tiny, she was also quite flexible, making it easy for me to fuck her any way I wanted, stretching her pink pussy to its limits.