There is nothing wrong with a little friendly competition. So when these two gorgeous blondes become mortal enemies instead of best friends in the fencing world. They find themselves competing, scheming, and tricking their way to the first place. Both girls are driven, competitive, and extremely hot. One of the girls was too close to their coach, and the other suspected something was going on with the two. So when the taller blonde had her one on one training session, the other one decided to spy on them, film them and see what would happen. He was hoping to hear something juicy that she could maybe use later. But what she has seen was way better than petty gossip. Her competition was sleeping with their trainer but was she really surprised. After she had a minute to think about it, she decided that the best thing to do is confront them right then and there. So she walked into the fencing gym with her phone camera still rolling. But the other girl was ready for a showdown. She wasn’t going to let something this small ruin her reputation. So they decided to fence for the first place. But as luck would have it, both of these stunning blondes were slutty and horny. Their best game is yet to be played, but not on the fencing court. They got down on their knees and pushed their trainer’s pants down. He was already hard, and who wouldn’t be when two sexy teens were at his feet. These girls quickly forgot about their feud and joined forces and their pussies to milk his big, rock-hard cock. As one sat on his face, the other slid down his penis and rode him like a cowgirl. They changed positions quickly. He could barely grasp what was going on. Two naked girls had their pussies stuffed and licked at all times. They shared sloppy kisses and sloppy blowjobs. His dick felt so good inside of them. The girls came so many times they lost count. Their soaking wet pussies were ready to get the dick down of their life and be filled with his cum. Their asses moved so fast and hard. He filled them up with every last drop of his cum. So maybe these girls could actually be friends after this steamy fuck session. Who knows. 