This babe is a stunner. I have been working with her for some time now, chatting and drinking a cup of coffee here and there, but she has always kept me in a friend zone. She has to sell that Hollywood house, so I show up before an open house to give her a couple of tips on marketing. She came from Alaska, it’s taking her some time to adjust to the cultural differences in LA. As soon as she opens the door, I feel my cock throbbing inside my pants. She is a drop-dead gorgeous blonde with flawless tanned skin, deep blue eyes, and super cute round boobs. She lets me in, and I start talking her into the details of how to sell a house successfully. The best piece of advice I gave her is just to be her slutty self, and every man on a planet would want to purchase the house. I coach her in some provocative sales techniques like talking about hard wood, showing her carpet, using her big boobs to her advantage, and offering to masturbate her pussy! This is how all the girls do business in our agency. I have to make sure she got it. I sit back on the couch and she starts slowly undressing in front of me. The first thing I see is a pair of big natural boobs, now naked, bouncing and teasing me. Soon enough, she is fully nude, her ass on a couch and her legs apart, showing me off her pink slit. I get so horny and stiff. It looks like she wants to fuck me as much as I want her because she says me to plunge deep into her cunt with my tongue. She squirms in pleasure, pushing my head closer to her cunt, making me shove my tongue even deeper inside. I taste the sweet pussy juices and dip my fingers inside. She pushes against my hand, making her twat dripping wet in a matter of seconds. Now, my turn. She quickly rushes to her knees and takes my cock in her mouth. I can feel her tongue playing with the tip of my penis as I slide it into her mouth. Her spit is all over my dick, juicy and warm, making it all ready for some fucking. Then the most beautiful girl I ever seen gets on top of me and starts fucking me as I enjoy the sight of her jiggly boobs. I love every second of her pussy impaling on my stiff shaft, picking up the pace. She is now on her knees, me entering her slit from behind. She slaps her ass, making me want to fuck her even harder, feeling an orgasm building up. Once I have had enough, I feel a spray of warm jizz shooting out of my cock, making her face sticky and wet. 