This dude showed up to his girlfriend’s house after she had sent him a text telling me how much she missed him. So he was there, on the couch with his girlfriend, and he was horny as hell. They were making out, his tiny brunette was on top of him, but not for long. Here comes her weird brother, ready to bother them both. So not only did he not get to relax and deal with his boner, but now he had to deal with this annoying dude. Meanwhile his girlfriend’s mom mom was in the kitchen with her perfect ass and tits, baking pies. She was a MILF, the most beautiful woman he has ever seen. He could not believe his eyes when atht MILF discreetly unzipped her jeans and showed him her naked ASS! Not only that, but she spread her ass cheeks for him, exposing him her asshole! No underwear, just her juicy ass and her wet pussy. Her juicy, huge tits were just inches from his face, and he could barely control his urge to stick his face in between them. Well, now there was no chance in hell he was going to miss out on fucking this curvy, stunning milf. So he made an excuse to go to the kitchen. He walked right in, and his girlfriend’s sexy mom was on her knees, ready to suck his huge, hard dick off. She was hungry, and only he had what she wanted. But they almost got caught when her kids walked in to see what was all that noise. Good thing they were both too ditsy to realize that they were fucking behind the counter. She was naked from the waist down, and his fingers were in her pussy and ass. Sexy MILF doesn’t mess around with two things: baking pies and good sex. He shut up her mouth with a kitchen towel and rammed his cock into her cunt with one hard thrust. Fucking her pussy on her counter he slipped his finger in her ass, and she loved it so much she wanted his whole shaft in her ass! He pounded her tight, juicy ass as hard as he could, and he loved to hear her beg for his cum. They got dirty on the kitchen floor. She loved how his huge, hard dick stretched her ass out. Horny mom flipped him over and got on top of him. Her ass gripped his throbbing dick, and he could barely hold on and not cum before her. But he waited and let her ride out her orgasm. She jumped up and down until he came into her ass and spilled his cum all over the floor. 