This steaming hot interracial story takes place in a dorm. Is there a place on a planet where people fuck more than in a dorm? The fun starts with a dude that desperately needs a pussy. He and his blonde girlfriend have been busy around the campus lately, which means No fucking. He has come to the point of being so goddamn horny he puts his cock in nylon, masturbating. His busty blonde girlfriend walks in on him and gets furious. She demands an explanation, getting mad, unable to understand why he needs to fuck her every single day. Her petite ebony roommate is nearby, watching. She mischievously smiles at the dude and invites him to her bedroom, which he happily accepts. The sexy black babe wraps his cock in the stocking and sucks it hard. After a long sloppy cock sucking, she turns around and tells him to insert his cock into her tight ebony hole. He grabs her butt and hips, pulling her closer to his manhood, thrusting faster and deeper, making her body shake in orgasm. She can’t help squirting all over his cock! As this slut is getting ready for a massive load all over her face, her blonde roommate walks in. His girlfriend walks in right before he is about to bust his load! She looks angry at her boyfriend cheating on her, but she takes over and shows her roommate how a real cum slut does it! The blonde pushes the black girl aside and makes her boyfriend spray jizz all over her face! She had always been a cum eating slut! Don’t fret. Fun isn’t over yet – this is just the beginning. The horny naked girls get on the bed, performing a hot clit licking 69, while the guy is feasting his eyes on the sight, stroking his again stiff cock.   The girls begin to grind their wet pussies against each other! The blonde’s big natural tits jiggle as her ebony girlfriend shoves her tongue deep inside her velvety cunt, making her ache for some hardcore pussy pounding. The lucky guy is now in a threesome of his wildest dreams. Both sexy naked girls share his cock, licking it, sucking, and spitting on it. His blonde girlfriend is now riding his dick, while the ebony cutie is sitting on his face, rubbing her clit against his naughty tongue. The ebony is now on his dick while he is licking his girlfriend’s pulsating button. After a couple of minutes the girls are back to the good old 69, but now his dick is pounding the ebony cunt, while the blonde is giving her a head. The cock goes from the pussy to the mouth, forcefully fucking both juicy holes. The black chick is so overwhelmed by pussy pounding and clit licking, she orgasm in a couple of minutes. The blonde then gets the same treatment, fucked and licked till her slutty head starts spinning in pleasure. Once they get the satisfaction they both needed, two naked girls get down on their knees and blow the dude’s cock. They continue doing it until it starts spraying their faces with a long streak of white sticky spunk. The babes happily accept the gooey fluid in their mouth, sharing it and swallowing it while passionately kissing.