The young stud has always loved the parade of sexy mature women walking around his house. His father is a rich man, a womanizer, fucking every slut he sees, and he lets them flaunt around his house in skimpy clothes. This time, the dad has brought home a new step mommy. He is obsessed with the new family member. It’s no wonder because she is a dream come true. Her ebony skin is glowing, with her huge delicious ass and her boobs perfectly round. She has a couple of tattoos, which makes her flawless tan stand out even more. Not only does she have a banging body, but her face is stunning as well. Playful look in her eyes, long raven-black hair, a cute gap between the front teeth, and pouty lips made for cock sucking. She knows she is gorgeous, so she walks around the house in her tight skirts and teeny tiny tops, which stretch so tightly across her boobs he can make out her hard nipples. What a tease! Her stepson has always been a straightforward guy. He lets her know he wants to fuck her by surprising her in the kitchen, fully naked, fully erect. She is reluctant at first, but both of them know what’s coming. He just pulls her leather skirt up and looks at her juicy ass and dripping wet pussy. He doesn’t waste any time and sticks his shaft deep inside her ebony tight pussy. Her head is still in a refrigerator while her fat ass is sticking out, jiggling wildly as the stud rams her twat. She rolls her eyes and smiles, enjoying the naughty wild fuck party. He is squeezing her ass cheeks, pulling her harder and harder toward the throbbing cock. He keeps pounding into her from behind until they hear his dad coming.   He hides behind the fridge door and fingers his stepmom as his dad asks her to clean up the kitchen. Then she gets got down on the floor to clean up the trash and the horny dude slips his cock in her mouth while she throws garbage away. The cock is deep in her mouth, but she is such a slut she takes the whole length in her throat, enjoying every inch of it. She loves giving sloppy blowjobs. Her mouth feels so good that he quickly cums all over her face. With his semen dripping off her face she moves to the sink to start on the dishes. Her horny stepson again, comes up behind her. The cock is now up to her pussy again, from behind again, but they are now closer to a window. The light is even better here, and they look outside, hoping that nobody will ruin their hardcore fuck fest. Luckily, they are alone as he plunges into her pussy, pulling her hair and slapping her huge black ass. She gets on the kitchen counter, her legs high up in the air, while her naughty stepson now faces her while fucking her Ebony pussy. The counter squeaks as he greedily fucks her cunt, making her cum, making his cock even stiffer. He can’t stop. He keeps fucking her harder and harder, making her beautiful thick body twist, jiggle and shake. Once he is done screwing this ebony slutty bitch, he gets her down on her knees again, unloading his spunk all over her cute face and big, round lips.