After wrapping things up with her previous client, this gorgeous sex robot was getting ready for the next one. The guy coming up was quite something because he was into plenty of hardcore fetishes. Not just that, but due to previous behavior, he was now limited only to rough sex. Standing there in a slutty schoolgirl outfit, the brunette sex bot accepted the gig and transformed into a striking hottie with fishnet and leather lingerie. Just like that, she found herself lying underneath the guy who was tearing through her clothes, getting ready to fuck the brains out of her. With her slim legs spread far, the cutie was gently rubbing her pink, shaved pussy, waiting for the customer to take his clothes off. A couple of seconds later, his throbbing boner was out and he was inserting it inside that wet cunt. Without wasting time, he started drilling the skinny chick balls deep. She was screaming in pleasure as she kept pounding, going deeper and harder with every push. One moment he’d hold her hair and, the next, he’d firmly squeeze her neck while going balls deep. ‘You like it rough, don’t you?’ he growled. Then, he pulled his raging hardon out of that cunt and straddled the girl to shove his member deep down her throat. ‘Your whore, I’ll show you what a real dick is.’ he laughed. Her little mouth gobbling more and more of his fat cock into her mouth. Choking on it, she was begging for more as the guy ravaged her throat. One short but intense deepthroating session later and the customer was already preparing the sexbot for something else. He tore her clothes completely and bent her over fully naked.   On all fours, the naked girl took that dick from behind while he used her ruined outfit to reign her in and rail her relentlessly. Her screams were getting louder with every passing second as the guy kept hammering vigorously. She soon ended up lying on her stomach, losing breath as the man pounded her into the bed. Not giving her even a moment to relax, he was changing positions, making sure he got the most out of his time. At one point, when he was particularly horny and adventurous, he wanted to continue with a golden shower. However, a series of flashing red lights and a menacing voice mentioning he was limited to just the rough sex quickly made the guy change his mind. Infuriated, he went back to ravaging that tight cherry harder than ever before. In a missionary position, she was holding her legs up in the air while going all the way inside, once again making the girl moan and scream. From there on out, the customer went back and forth from a relentless missionary pounding to fucking the girl’s tight throat. Every time they switched, her legs would spread wider and go higher behind her head. In the end, she was stretched to her absolute limits, breathing heavily while being dicked down like never before. All that intense fucking eventually brought the guy to his limits so he pulled out and spurted huge loads of jizz all over her face and mouth. While the naked girl caught her breath and wiped the sticky cum from her eyes, her clirent gathered his things and left without a word. The room beeped red and instructed her to return to her charging station. Don’t miss more Sci-Fi porn movies!