This gorgeous ebony hottie was in the kitchen, making her morning juice. She was just in a large T-shirt and her panties. She was smoking hot, and her boyfriend was filming her from behind, and once he walked up to her to tell her how sexy she looked, she was not impressed at all. He went on and bragged about how good he makes her pussy feel and how he makes her drip with her juices. Again, this hottie was not impressed. It’s not that she was unsatisfied, it was good when they fucked, but she needed more. She wanted him to make her pussy soaking wet. She wanted him to make her scream like a dirty little slut from a porn movie. He was baffled when she said all of those things. He couldn’t believe his precious girlfriend was not into his dick like that. Well, he was about to prove to his girl that he could make that Ebony pussy drip. No way that he would let her go about her day unsatisfied, he wanted her to cum all over his dick, and he wanted to feel her pussy squeeze and tighten around his schlong as she comes down from her orgasm. So he pushed his girlfriend against the fridge, took her panties off, and got to work. He was on his knees, and his tongue was in her black ass. She tasted so good, and he loved to lick her tight holes. She was so horny now, and all she wanted was his huge dick into her mouth. She wrapped her lips around his cock and pushed him in as hard as she could. He fucked her pretty little face, and she loved it. If only he was this rough with her sooner. It was so good. She rolled her eyes with pleasure. He then spread her legs and pushed his cock deep into her soaking wet cunt. Now he was positive she was vibing with pleasure. He pounded her tight black pussy hard, her knees were shaking, and she couldn’t stand. But that was no reason to stop. He lay on the floor and let his naked girlfriend climb on his dick. But he wasn’t about to let his girlfriend do everything herself. He pounded her pussy so hard. Her whole body was jumping up and down. She loved every drop of his cum this time. Now he could relax knowing his girlfriend is finally satisfied. 