My stepsis called me outside to show me that she managed to crash my dad’s car. I called a mechanic and, based on the damage and on the cost of the car, he told me the repairs would take a couple of thousand dollars. My cute little stepsis was devastated and, desperate, asked me to borrow some money. Looking at her all petite and adorable, I decided to take advantage of the situation and have some fun. She is this skinny blonde teen with a slim, petite body and, considering I am her stepbrother, I decided to see what hides underneath her hood, so I asked her to lift her shirt up. At first, she was reluctant, but she eventually caved in. Just like that, my stepsis took her shirt off and showed me a pair of magnificent, perky tits with tiny, pink nipples. That was more than enough to get me going so I asked her to take her shorts as well. Of course, the moment this cutie dropped those down I told her to continue by taking her pink panties off as well. A couple of moments later, my stepsister was completely naked in front of me and I was staring at her tight, bald pussy. That’s when I knew I was going all in. It took a bit more persuasion, but she ended up dropping down on her knees and pulling my throbbing boner out. Her soft hand wrapped around the shaft and she started stroking it. I couldn’t help but tease her, seeing how the whole situation got her all hot and horny as well. It didn’t take long before my naked sister placed her wet lips on my dick and started sucking me off. She was so good and I was so horny that I quickly exploded with jizz deep down her throat, making her choke while swallowing my sticky cum. We wrapped it up there, but I wasn’t done with this petite blonde yet. I found her in the bedroom later to tell her that the damage was bigger than expected. Naturally, that meant she owed me more for repairs. She wasn’t as reluctant any more, and that’s how I ended up inside her little cunt. I could barely fit half my cock but, one position after the other, I stretched her completely, making her scream in multiple orgasms. Cumming on her cute face, watching my cum fly out and land on her nose, chin and cheeks, was so good I even forgot that she had crashed dad’s car. From there on out, I ravaged her multiple times, covering her in messy loads. 