This beautiful girl was dressed in her sexiest suit, and she was doing her very important online job interview. Too bad her boyfriend was horny, and he was determined to fuck her right then and there. As she talked about her team skills, he was about to test her mouth skills. He took off his pants and showed her his already hard dick. She was tempted, and what the hell, she was not about to let him walk around the house with his hard dick. She was horny and nervous, so what’s the harm in taking a little break to cool off. She excused herself from the interview and got down on her knees. She took his hard penis in her hands and immediately wrapped her juicy lips around his shaft. He was in heaven. Her mouth was sloppy and wet, just how he liked it. He didn’t care about her interview. All he wanted was to make his dirty little girlfriend scream. He didn’t mind if they had an audience. So he pushed her against the desk, spread her ass cheeks, and pushed his dick deep inside her wet pussy. She completely forgot about her job interview the second she saw his dick. She loved how his big dick stretched her pussy out, and that was all she needed to finally relax. This little slut got her ass on top of the desk and her legs in the air. Now he had full access to her lovely pussy, and he did not want it to go to waste. Her soaking wet pussy was dripping with her juices, and he slid in easily. When she felt his dick deep inside of her, she wanted him deeper and to fuck her harder. She pushed him on the floor and jumped on his dick like a true slut. She was not a desirable employee, now she was a whore, and all she wanted was to feel her boyfriend’s dick deep inside of her. She wanted to make him cum and unload all over her face. She knew exactly how to make him crazy. So she moved her hips, and he was about to go crazy. He quickly pushed her off and came all over her pretty mouth. Maybe they saw her getting railed, or maybe she was a good applicant. But regardless, she was hired, and maybe the sight of her juicy tits pushed their decision in the right direction. 