His step-sister is flirting with him each time they are home alone. The fact their parents were completely oblivious to the fact made it even more arousing – the forbidden fruit kind of excitement. His stepmom is making him go back to summer camp with his stepsister. She seems to happy to be going back and he knows why… last year someone snuck in some booze and they had a little too much and ended up messing around. He yells at her to stop talking about that and trying to seduce him again. This time, she is in the kitchen in a silk bathrobe. She chose the pink negligee to tease her stepbrother. His cock is instantly hard at sight, standing upright, but he knows the fucking is off boundaries. She has a naughty grin on her face, her pussy dripping wet, resolute to get a piece of her stepbrother’s dick. The babe is now looking at the fridge, looking for some milk, shaking her booty in front of the stud’s face. A few seconds later, she is standing on tip-toe, trying to reach a jar, making her nightie riding up her backside, exposing the bottom of her butt cheeks. The guy can’t control himself anymore and stands behind her, moving closer to her big bubble ass. The cockteasing slut now pushes her backside against the shaft, making it swell. His sister takes the dick out and starts giving it a nasty blowjob. She enjoys every second of it, wrapping her lips around the cock, licking it, and sucking hard.   The slut is not waiting for the dick to enter her from behind – the stud teases shortly, stroking her ass with the tip, making the slut beg for it. The hard pussy ramming she has been craving is finally happening from behind. He speeds up, lifting one of her legs up, screwing the twat with all his might. In a couple of minutes, the dude is now on the floor, his little stepsister showing off her perfectly round bouncy ass. There is nothing she likes more than riding a sturdy shaft, impaling her cunt hard, making the pussy juices flow down the cock. The guy has always loved his stepsister’s round tits, and he gets a chance to play with the hard nipples, hoisting both boobs up while enjoying the wild cock-riding rodeo. The sweetie is cumming hard, her pussy pulsating from all the pleasure, but she keeps fucking her stepbrother. She wants to make him her sex toy, who will happily fill her naughty holes with his man meat every time they are home alone. He has proven to be an excellent lover – his dick is always stiff, willing to let her cum first. The guy feels an orgasm build-up, taking his cock out and spraying the warm jizz all over his stepsister’s pretty face and fit body. This is one nasty secret they will keep hidden forever. She doesn’t have to tease him anymore, and he doesn’t have to fantasize about getting inside her panties. He now knows he has an always-horny slutty stepsister living with him. Is there anything more a horny guy can ask for?