They have been best friends for a long time. She is a tomboy, a kind of harsh-looking girl with long dark hair, a slim body, and a pair of small but perky tits. She is slightly younger, still in high school, dating her girlfriend, using every opportunity to lick and finger her hungry twat. The babe has never been interested in the dick or even seen one in person. Pictures, yes, and a couple of huge dildoes going up to her love hole, but never tasted or held a real dick in her hands. Yet, again, her girlfriend has dumped her, and the babe is on her way to cry on her male friend’s shoulder. She is so angry she wants to get back at her ex-girlfriend. The thing that hurt the most was her girlfriend saying she didn’t look or feel as a real woman should – she apparently needed someone more feminine and gentle. Furious and hurt, the girl wants to get back at the bitch. She proposes making a couple of slutty selfies with him and send them to her now ex-lover. While taking the shots, she can feel her friend’s dick being rock-hard. She nervously turns her attention to the zipper of his pants, curious at the fact of seeing an actual penis for the first time. He reaches out and pulls his dick out of his pants, making her eyes open wide, looking at it with apprehension. Another great idea – let’s take a selfie while licking a long shaft that would make her ex angry and jealous. She is confused at sight, but her body knows what to do. He was definitely bigger than any dildo she had used, her mouth fitting around the tip, adjusting to the size. The fleshy taste appealed to her, so she used the hands and mouth in unison, pumping his shaft up and down, even going down on his balls.   In a matter of seconds, her pussy is drenched, now naked, with the stud’s fingers deep inside. Once he starts licking her clit with his fingers still fucking her juicy hole, she is already at the brink of the orgasm. She is sure now that his dick is what she wants. In fact, she is aching for some hardcore pounding. He places the head between her wet pussy lips. Her eyes don’t move from the sight of the very first cock entering her body. He slides it into her pussy. She has never felt anything like that. He can feel her squeezing his head, and he shoves the full dick into her! The feeling of her tight pussy lips rubbing along the head and shaft of his cock is amazing. He fucks her missionary style, playing with her button, kissing her passionately, his hands around her neck. He is determined to show her she is an attractive woman, able to please any dick or pussy on the planet. The fucking intensifies, speeding up, him firmly groping her small boobs. She is so horny now, she pushes her hips against the cock, begging for more. The ex-lesbian straddles the guy, riding his dick hard, cumming all over the tip. He doesn’t want to and can’t stop. He keeps pumping hard until he fills her dripping wet cunt with his white, creamy jizz! She has never seen semen before and now it is leaking from her pussy!