I have just gone through a rough divorce. My buddy is familiar with me being on the verge of depression, so he recommends a real estate girl, promising me she will lighten up my mood. As soon as I open the door this morning, I knew what he was talking about. It’s a young babe dressed in tight business pants, a smart jacket, and a pair of black high heels. She walks in and makes her way around the room, looking at the kitchen and the furniture, occasionally bringing up that I really look handsome. Her laughter seems to have gone from business-like to flirty. She takes me upstairs and insists on taking a look at the master bedroom. I am starting to like this babe. While she is walking upstairs, I notice her firm, round butt, already feeling my dick become rock hard. I start complaining about not getting any pussy since my divorce, so she quickly takes her clothes off, revealing a pair of the biggest natural boobs I have ever seen! Her beautiful young body is tastefully inked, a couple of floral tattoos, just to make her look exotic. She teases me with her creamy pussy, so I quickly dip my fingers inside. I feel it is dripping wet and occasionally take a look at her enormous boobs. I can’t believe the sight – she is such a horny teen babe, her eyes begging me to fuck her snatch. I spread her pussy lips and dive into it, making her moan and push my head closer and deeper to her clit. Now, she wants to taste my dick, rushes to her knees, and takes the dong out of my jeans. The busty naked girl starts blowing it by spitting on it first – I love a sloppy blowjob. The next thing I know, she straddles me, impaling her twat on my shaft, and I still can’t take my eyes off her bouncy boobs. The girl then turns her back to me, giving me a view of her pussy devouring my dick while she puts one finger up to her narrow butt hole. I can’t resist playing with her hooters, slapping them with my dick, making her moan and smile at me. She is still on her back, me slamming the slit with all my might. I speed up, feeling an orgasm building up between my legs. Guess where I sprayed my spunk – on her gorgeous big tits. Thanks buddy – the slut sure did show me some good time. 