This beautiful, curvy blonde with perfect tits moved in with her new stepdad into a new house. So when she walked through the house, she noticed a perfect room for her. Once she laid her eyes on the adorable, kind of small room, she was in love. A strange vibe went through her sexy body, and she got horny. She was in a cute new house with a cute new room. But there was just one problem. Her stepdad also liked the room, and he wasn’t going to let it go that easily. She can’t flirt her way out of this one. So a new plan popped into her pretty little blonde head. It was risky, sure, but it could be rewarding. When her stepdad heard she wanted to have a fuck party in the room and see who can cum more. He was intrigued, but he was sure he could win. She is just a dumb little blonde, he could take her down easily. Both of them agreed, and the cutie got down on her knees and got to business. She didn’t expect his dick to be so big and hard, she was a little surprised, but she never backed down from a challenge before, so why should she do it now? She wrapped her mouth around his dick and sucked and bopped her head up and down, trying to make him cum fast. But then she realized his huge dick could stretch her little pussy as well. So she pushed him on the bed and freed her juicy tits. She rubbed her hard nipples against the tip of his huge penis. He was intoxicated and on the verge of cumming.   He had to hold it in. If he let go, it would mean this beautiful bimbo has won the first round. She saw that he was on the edge, so she quickly took her clothes off and climbed on top of him. She slid down his dick, and her pussy got even wetter. She lost herself in the moment, and the feeling of his huge dick stretching her tight little cunt out was a little too much for her. But she kept going, and she jumped on his schlong hard and fast. Maybe she was enjoying this a little too much. He was her stepdad, after all. Should she slow down or back off? No, she went too far to quit now. When he saw her losing control, he flipped her over and pounded her pussy hard and deep. Her beautiful boobs were bouncing with each thrust. This girl was a busty nympho. She can never get enough of his cock. He loved it. Seeing her lose her mind and control because of him, he let go and filled her pussy up. But she had forgotten about their stupid little game, and the competition was now a full-blown fuck party. He was fucking her pink pussy mercilessly. With each stroke of his hot, hard prick inside her the blonde teen could feel herself getting closer and closer to orgasm. He kept thrusting fast and deep, enjoying the way her boobs were bouncing with each thrust, the way her tits jiggled as he bottomed out, balls deep in her juicy, willing cunt. ‘OH GOD! I’m cooooming! Keep fuuuuckiiingggg meeee!’ He knew he wouldn’t be able to stop himself from cumming all over her too.