This guy is living the dream of having two wives, each hotter than the next. Of course, this leads to frequent competition – and headaches! Who will the husband chose to fuck today? One day Kait, who is this beautiful brunette with the loveliest face and a pair of perky tits, was walking around and getting laundry ready when she overheard her husband fucking the brains out of the other wife. She found them on the living room couch. Kristina, a striking beauty with black hair and an amazing ass was bent over and the guy was drilling her doggy style while she screamed in pleasure. Infuriated, Kait interrupted them, mentioning how it was Kristina’s turn to clean up the house. Naturally, the brunette got what she wanted so she switched with the other wife. Just like that, she was now in their husband’s lap, grinding off of his hard boner while the other wife continued cleaning around. Black-haired cutie wasn’t exactly thrilled that she had to dust the furniture while her man ate the pussy of another chick behind her back. Already in her panties, the brunette quickly turned around and dropped down on her knees to take her hubby’s massive, throbbing boner with her luscious lips. Just like that, her pretty face was swallowing a raging hardon and the good girl was choking on it with a passion. Vigorous dick sucking and deepthroating soon escalated and Kait ended up straddling the guy like a lusty cowgirl. Her dripping wet, aching pussy took the shaft all the way right off the bat, and she started seductively bouncing on it. That finally made Kristina snap so she pushed the brunette to the side and started sucking her man off. Feeling hornier than ever, Kait didn’t bother fighting the other wife but she simply joined in the fun. Suddenly, the guy had these two hotties taking turns sucking him off, giving him the best double blowjob of his life. Going up and down that veiny shaft, both naked girls were drooling on it, taking care of his balls as well. From there on out, there was no stopping these three. The brunette was the first to take the schlong inside her cherry from behind. As the husband started drilling her doggy style, Kristina came closer to make out with him. Then, the naked girls started sharing. One wife went on all fours with the other on top of her and the guy continued railing both pussies, one after the other. Doggy style pounding turned into the cowgirl riding with two naked girls on his dick and his face. Both babes were screaming in pleasure while getting railed, continuously moaning and begging for more. Any time one would ride the husband, the other would make out with her, waiting for her turn. Many intense orgasms later, both naked girls were trembling and shaking as the husband finally rewarded them with loads of hot cum. 