A slutty brunette and her ardent lover want to start a new life, away from the town and troublesome relationships. They decide to take a sunny escape on a small boat, cruising the Miami harbor, enjoying the hot weather and the serenity of the calm, blue ocean. Little do they know another his girlfriend, a jealous Latina, is with them on the boat, spying on the couple making out. Once the fiery Latina interrupts their sensual foreplay, sparks fly – the girls start fighting over who gets to be the stud’s girlfriend. It’s no wonder they struggle to get his attention since they both know he is a proud owner of a massive cock. The sight of the two babes fighting, their big tits bouncing in the sun as they slap and shout, makes the dude realize that it’s time to kiss and make up. All of a sudden, the Latinas realize the fighting is futile, feeling their pussies becoming drenched, and start making out, kissing passionately, feeling up each other’s tits and pussies. One babe is sitting on another girl’s face, rubbing her horny clit against the naughty tongue. The dude is happy to have both of the gorgeous girls on the boat and seizes an opportunity to fuck both of their horny slits. The naked girls compete at who will take the whole length of the cock all the way down the throat, slurping on the shaft, making it all wet and hard. One gets a cock inside her snatch, stud pounding her hard from behind, while the busty Latina is moving the tongue up and down, licking her clit. She can’t resist the urge to sit on the girl’s face, enjoying more of the passionate clit licking, and the stud gets to fuck his new girlfriend’s pussy missionary. The sight of her big round boobs bouncing up and down makes him groan with pleasure, picking up the speed, fucking her with all his might. Like most Latinas, the babe is proud of her huge ass, shaking it while riding her lover’s dick. The other babe spits on her tushy, spanking it lightly, rubbing her clit while enjoying the view. She cums all over her lover’s stiff shaft in a couple of minutes. The younger babe now wants to cum, straddling the guy, riding the cock reverse cowgirl style, letting the other girl licks her hard nipples. She cums as well, moaning loudly while her pussy juices ooze down the swollen dick. Both naked girls hurry on their knees, welcoming the warm facial covering their horny faces. 