He is a lazy man, lying around the house, playing games, or just endlessly scrolling through sports pages. A pile of dirty laundry in the middle of the bedroom floor made his girlfriend furious! She storms into the room, throwing a pair of dirty shorts right at his face, nagging. Moreover she says that the only thing he is slightly good at is sex. As soon as she says that, the stud feels an urge to throw his girlfriend to bed and show her how good he can be in bed. He takes her skimpy top off, and starts kissing and sucking her natural boobies. The titties are small, but the ass – ah, the ass is huge and round like the juiciest apple. The stud hungrily dives his tongue between the big ass cheek, sticking his tongue up her pussy and butt hole, spanking the blonde – she deserved it for being a nagging bitch all the time. He feels his dick already rock-solid, takes the tool out, and shoves it deep up her wet slit, fucking her hard. He has always loved the feeling of her bouncy ass against his groin. Yes, this is exactly what she needed, she pushes back against him, grinding her plump white ass against him. Now he wants her to face him, letting him see her boobs jiggle in the rhythm of pussy drilling. His strong arms hold her firmly down, one hand on her hips and another around her neck. She loves being a submissive slut, held down and fucked hard, like a little whore. His girlfriend now rushes to her knees, feeling the savory taste of her cunt on the big shaft, using her mouth and tongue to worship the hard length of his cock. She struggles to take it into her throat since the dick is so thick and her mouth is so small. She keeps trying, gorging on the shaft, gagging from the hard rhythmical sliding. His sounds of pleasure encourage her to keep pushing it deeper and harder, building up the tension in his body. After she is done blowing the dick, she wants to feel it stretch her pussy again and becomes a slutty cowgirl. Now, she is in control, setting the pace of the hardcore pounding. His girlfriend begs him for a juicy facial, smiling while the stud sprays his spunk all over her pretty face. It’s obvious the only thing that is always functioning in their relationship is sex. 