This gorgeous blonde knew he had kinks and dark desires, but he was shy with her. She tried so many times to get him to open up, but she failed every single time. She was about to give up until one day his ex came knocking on their door. She barged in like she owned the place, with a huge black bag with sex toys. The blondie was stunned, so she kept quiet and let her do her thing. She of course followed her, but the ex was far from done with sorting out his things. Once she was done with toys, she could turn to the real object that needed her attention. She grabbed the cute blonde by the neck and pushed her against the stairs. The blonde was shocked, but she also felt heat in her body. She liked this, she liked being handled like a little slut and she wanted her to continue. She pulled up her skirt, slapped her juicy ass, and showed her how to be a slut with her ex boyfriend. The ex even used a marker to help her forget which skirt will make him lose his mind. She soaked in every word, and when her boyfriend got home that night she was ready. This gorgeous blonde was dressed in her best black lingerie with latex gloves and knee socks. Everyone liked a little leather, right? So she stood there, in the middle of their living room, in her sluttiest attire. When he walked in he didn’t waste his time. He was on his knees in front of her in a second and his tongue was on her clit even faster. She fucked his face with her cunt, grinding her pussy all over his face. Holy fuck this looks amazing. She guided his head even when she was on her back with her legs in the air. Then she pushed her beautiful tits in his face. His mouth moved from one boob to the other, licking her pink nipples. I can’t stop watching Blake’s tits! OMG! A pair of tits deserves to be sucked and crushed for life : 24 hrs. a day ! When she had enough of his sloppy kisses, the busty babe got down on her knees and wrapped her slutty mouth around his hard dick. His big black cock was standing proud, and he was waiting for her to start moving her head. She sucked him off like a whore, just like his ex said. He was losing his mind, and she needed his dick deep in her pussy now. So she pushed him on the bed and slid down his schlong. Busty naked babe jumped on his dick, slamming herself hard down onto his cock. She made him cum inside of her and fill her pretty pussy with his hot cum. Out fuckin standing! Those tits, that cock…magical! 