I love the opening with Liya skiing in her underwear. Skilled and spectacular. When this beautiful girl signed up for the ski instructor gig she couldn’t have known that the hottest guys would be signing up for her classes. Even the hottest guy in the world wasn’t a challenge for her when they all come running to her. But who can blame them? She is smoking hot, and her ass is out of this world, so it’s only natural that these guys were all over her. But this girl is a tough cookie and she was not about to compromise her job for basic guys. Until he showed up. He was taken, and his girlfriend was cute. Not as cute as this inked beauty, but cute enough to feel like a competition. He walked up to her, hand in hand with the floozy but she saw the look in his eyes when they were practicing. If she wasn’t sure then, she is now. He wants her, and that is something she would love to explore with her whole body. So she waited to get him alone, and out of those chunky ski clothes. They were sitting in his room, drinking cocoa and the girlfriend was nowhere to be found. She kissed him hard, and he kissed her back. They sunk into the kiss and naturally stood up. This girl got wet from just one kiss, so how wet she will get when he actually gets her naked and on all fours. She couldn’t resist the heat any longer. She dropped to her knees and pulled down his pants. His rock-hard dick jumped right out, and it was huge. She wrapped her lips around his shaft and sucked hard. He never had someone suck him so good, he lost his control and he threw her on the bed in front of the huge windows. She climbed on top of him and slid slowly down her dick. She was teasing him, as she moved her hips painfully slow. But he quickly gained control and pushed this slut on the bad with her face down and he ravished her tight ass. She loved how big his dick was and once she let him control every inch of her body, he let her anal ride him. She’s one of the most beautiful women ever and fuck she can ride a dick! Is there anything better than Liya sliding her asshole on this big cock? Nothing like watching incredibly beautiful babe get fucked hard in the ass with The French Alps in the background. This is a masterpiece. She milked his cock hard until her ass was filled with every last drop of his cum. 