Gia has been invited to a casual dinner party at her new boyfriend’s friend’s house. She turns up in a skimpy red dress, revealing her assets – perky boobs and a big, shaky ass. Her boyfriend disapproves of the slutty dress at first but decides to meet her with two of his lady friends and the male host. The women are judgmental, obviously jealous, making rude remarks about Gia’s appearance, calling her a dirty slut. Lucky for Gia, the host seems to love her bold style and natural curves. Gia, the brunette stunner, is done listening to the nasty bitches talking bullshit and starts hitting on the handsome host, lifting up her dress showing off a red thong and a juicy ass. All of that fighting with the bitches has made her wet and wild, and she is now determined to show them who is the best-looking babe at the party, stealing all the attention of horny men. What a slut! She takes the stud’s huge shaft and greedily starts gorging on it. Her boyfriend and two mean girls leave them alone, appalled at the sight of a couple having sex. It seems she just can’t get enough of it, taking every inch of the long cock deep inside her mouth. She is a queen of sloppy blowjobs, drooling and spitting all over the dick while the guy keeps groaning in pleasure. Her eyes roll as she chokes on the length but keeps sucking it wildly, jerking the tool off while devouring it. The guy’s belt is now around her neck, and the slut loves the rough BDSM roleplay. She is soon on all fours, getting her horny slit rammed with a huge dick. She begs for more and decides to take control by straddling the guy, pushing her hips forwards, impaling on the shaft with raw force. The guy slaps her slutty ass, making her speed up. Once again, the dick is deep inside her throat, the guy making her get a taste of her pussy juices. There is nothing Gia loves more than anal sex – the stud rams her narrow asshole from the side, pushing as hard and fast as he can. The guy rubs and slaps her pink button, making her come, screaming in a wild anal orgasm. The guy doesn’t stop. He keeps pushing his throbbing shaft up Gia’s pulsating ass, finally filling it up with his creamy load. 