Blake is a naughty blonde teen, self-confident about her gorgeous natural body, pouty lips, and big round boobs. She needs some additional money to buy new sex toys, so she decides to become a foot-focused cam model. The job is simple, lucrative, and she has no issues showing off her small, cute feet for her horny fans. One evening, as she was playing with a big dildo on a live webcam, she heard the door opening. Namely, her dad has invited a business partner over for a casual dinner. It turns out the businessman is a fan of her FOOTQUEEN69 profile, secretly admiring her and jerking off to a sight of her beautiful feet almost every night. He memorized her face well enough since she has been helping him unwind after a long day of work, always good at making his dick rock-solid. Blake realizes the man is into her, teasing him at the dinner table, secretly stroking his dick with her bare feet, feeling her pussy aching for some love. The old pervert can’t help sneaking into her room. He worships her feet, taking his cock out, letting her jerk it off. Unfortunately her dad interrupts them and the guy hides under the covers. When her dad leaves, the hot blonde takes his big throbbing cock in her mouth, one hand on the balls, while she struggles to put the whole length of the dick in her mouth. The girl takes her clothes off, revealing a pair of huge natural tits and a picture-perfect pussy. Her father’s friend is now between her legs, licking the glistening pussy. Blake loves the feeling of the tongue playing with her clit, making her rush to straddle the guy and start riding his dick reverse cowgirl style. Dear God – he gasps at the sight of her big ass bouncing up and down while she impales her slit on the dick. She faces the guy now, still riding him, shoving her beautiful  tits in his mouth, speeding up the pace of her hips moving up and down the dick. He keeps grabbing and playing with her hard nipples, letting her control the speed of the fucking, feeling her pussy becoming wetter, pulsating in an intense orgasm. The guy pulls out and sprays her lovely feet with his warm jizz. One thing is sure – he is done fantasizing about Blake. He can have a piece of her pussy anytime he wants, making her his personal sex toy. 