Being slightly older, the parents get Blake in charge of the house while they are away. They told her to keep close attention to her naughty stepbrother. She must not blow this opportunity to show her parents she has come to her senses, acting like a grown-up. He is giving her a hard time – always late for school in the morning, but the worst thing about her brother is he keeps jerking off everywhere, whenever he gets the chance, hooked on the naked girls. Blake walks in on him masturbating and finally realizes it is time to address the issue. She advises him to start talking with real girls, but he admits he has been secretly admiring her fit body, firm boobs, and a nice, well-shaped ass. He claims that if she shows him her boobs and he resists then he’s making progress! Blake gets tricked into showing her stepbrother her tits, but he somehow manages not to touch them. The blonde keeps teasing her stepbrother, now showing him her pussy. He resists once again. Her pussy is the ultimate test – he fails. Who could resist such a beautiful babe? He puts the tip of his dick in, teasing the babe. If he can stand just the tip, then he has passed! Of course, he lets the the whole length up her velvety slit! His stepsister is now dripping wet, determined to make him fuck her long, fast, and deep until she cums all over his shaft. The blonde now straddles the guy, impaling her snatch on the shaft, letting him grope her gorgeous big all natural tits. She is a wild, kinky cowgirl, enjoying fucking her stepbrother’s big dick. Soon enough, his sexy naked sister is on all fours, him now thrusting his dick deep inside her cunt from behind. He is teasing her with the tip, testing himself if he is able to stop fucking her – resisting is futile. He can’t stop and won’t stop. Now, he finally has a chance to put his cock between her tits, leading his penis from the tits to her tongue, titty fucking and face fucking her at the same time. She is slurping on the cock, her spit dripping down, all the way to the balls. Blake is in control now, wildly riding his dick, speeding up. She is begging him to cum inside her. The little brother obeys and fills his stepsister’s horny cunt with his creamy spunk, letting it drip out of her pussy. 