This petite and hot schoolgirl wasn’t happy with the grade her professor gave her after the finals, so she decided to do something about it. The cutie snuck inside the guy’s house with a plan in mind. She had the skimpiest, shortest, and sexiest skirt with a tight shirt making her an absolute sex bomb. Plus, the girl was a gorgeous brunette with luscious hair and perky tits. Slowly and silently, she ambushed the professor while he was sitting on his couch, and she tied him up to try and make things right. Just like that, the teen stood up and bent over in front of her tied-up professor. The schoolgirl lifted that loose skirt up and revealed an amazing, firm ass. At first, the guy was stunned. However, he couldn’t keep his eyes away, and he had to stare at her incredible butt. Then, the cutie turned around, lifted her shirt, and bared a pair of incredible, supple breasts. His will was waning with every passing second. So, when the schoolgirl pushed him on his back, he didn’t even try to resist. A couple of moments later, and she was taking her skirt and panties off to sit on his face. He obediently opened his mouth and started slobbering all over the nubile’s tight, wet holes. Enjoying herself, she was moving her hips up and down, back and forth, riding his face. After such intense and steamy pussy licking, she was more than inclined to suck some cock. The hottie quickly untied her teacher and took his throbbing boner out. Her lips wrapped around the shaft and she started with one of the sloppiest, most passionate blowjobs. Not long after, and the schoolgirl was on her knees, continuing with an amazing dick-sucking. Then she straddled her professor like a naughty cowgirl, sat in his lap, and impaled herself on that raging hardon. Her tight pussy slid effortlessly all the way down and the girl started riding vigorously. The teen’s bubbly ass was bouncing up and down as she was trying to fit as much of that cock as possible inside her little cunt. The teacher was moving his hips in rhythm, ramming the chick from underneath, fucking her brains out. From a cowgirl, the cutie turned into a reverse cowgirl before they went truly wild. The guy constantly switched between fucking the cutie’s tight throat and her pink pussy. One position after the other, he made sure to pound her in every way possible and make her cum numerous times before exploding in loads of sticky, white jizz. 