I am a lucky man. I have the most beautiful and sexiest girlfriend ever, Kristina, who’s always horny, whenever she’s around me. My day had started with my girlfriend sucking my morning wood, as usual. I was already going to cum in her little mouth but her taxi arrived and she had to run. Kristina had to go on a business trip that week, and she left me in the caring hands of her twin sister. Her cute twin sister, Karla, coming to visit us every now and then. She looks like a nerd, smart clothes, flats, boring hair, but I could see she hid a banging body underneath. I had been wondering if she was a firecracker in bed, just like her sister. Karla was there for the whole weekend, helping me with the house chores. She was busy in the kitchen when I entered and grabbed her ass, thinking it was Kristina. I accidentally made her spill the water all over her shirt. I knew Karla as a shy, innocent looking, cute geek girl, almost the opposite of her twin. Although spending some time with her opened me eyes! After a naughty conversation, she took her wet shirt off and took me to the bedroom. Karla took her ordinary, white lingerie off and hopped into her sister’s black thong and pink thing that looked like a bra – it actually hoisted up her boobs, making them look even bigger instead of covering them. Oh boy, I felt my dick tenting the shorts. Once she turned around and gave me a naughty stare, I knew I was in for some fucking. She might look innocent but she bears the same level of sex drive as Kristina. She looked just like my girlfriend, so I felt comfortable with her naked in the bedroom. It almost felt normal, like every time Kristina and I had sex.   My dick was already stiff once she undressed me, taking the shaft in her hands, slowly putting it in her mouth. Yep, she was as good at blowjobs as her sister. I loved the nerdy look now, the glasses adding a bit of excitement, making her look like a naughty teacher aching for some pussy pounding. Soon enough, she started riding my dick, leaving the kinky bra on, gasping and moaning while impaling on the shaft. I loved the view – her firm boobs were beyond this world. The clit rubbing made her moans even louder, feeling her pussy pulsating from the pounding. Karla gave me a sloppy blowjob, spitting on the shaft. I couldn’t wait to fuck her again. She became a little bitch, on all fours, me pulling her hair while drilling her snatch doggystyle. I took my time, loving the way my shaft slowly entered her slit. Karla turned around, taking my dick in her mouth again, making me spray my jizz all over her glasses. As I was dozing off, a message woke me up. It was Kristina, coming back early. One of her meetings got canceled. Karla managed to get dressed and run away to her room. Kristina walked in wearing a tight leather skirt. As soon as she entered the house, she lifted the skirt up, revealing her naked ass and pussy. What a day – Kristina was now slurping on my dick and climbed my dick. It was obvious she was horny, wildly riding my dick, until she came all over me. Enjoy this ultimate twin sisters fuck fantasy to the max, and make sure to cover both twin sisters with your cum like a good boy!