Mom is away on a business trip for the whole weekend. Ebony teen Michelle and her kinky stepbrother are home alone, bored beyond imagination. Both of them being stubborn teenagers, they struggle to get along. The lockdown has made them even more nervous since neither of them can go out or do anything outside the house. They’ve tried it all, watching movies, browsing the web, but everything got too damn boring very quickly. The teen siblings can’t stand each other. The stepbrother is a bit weird, walking around the house half-naked, using every opportunity to watch porn and wank off. Michelle hates hearing his moans all the time, but she is bored as well. She rubs her pussy too, stroking her big ass, pleasuring herself every now and then, but she has the decency of being quiet while masturbating. Once he storms the bathroom while she is peeing, his sister gets furious. He had always behaved like a brat, needing everything right away. He couldn’t wait for her to leave the bathroom so that he could take a shower. This is the first time she sees his big dick. They start fighting, and Michelle calls her mom. After the conversation, the teens decide to let the fighting go and find a way to entertain each other. After all, they don’t have much choice. Both of them get naked and start masturbating in front of each other. He takes a look at her slender, tanned body and her wet pussy while jerking off. She doesn’t let him come close to her at first but soon feels her pussy aching his dick. His cock is massive, as straight as an arrow, inviting her to try it. As both of them get hot, someone walks in, and they have to quit the sexy session.   Once they are home alone again, his sexy sister walks into the living room with no panties, only a tiny pink top on. His hands move all over her round ass cheeks, rubbing and caressing them. What a perfectly-formed bubble ass! He gets to his knees right away, sliding his cock inside her pussy, fucking her doggystyle. With one hand pulling her hair and his other hand wrapped around her neck he starts doing what he has seen in porn flicks before. He is hammering her hard, bumping into her ass cheeks with each thrust. Her ass is big, shaky, and juicy, with a small tattoo on one of the butt cheeks. His naked stepsister starts begging him to fuck her, screaming in wild passion. He grabs her small tits and offers her his big cock. She happily puts it in her mouth, playing with her stepbrother’s balls while giving him a blowjob. She spits on the cock, making it all wet and slippery, jerking it off while gorging on it. After she is done with the balls sucking, she starts riding her stepbrother’s dick, riding it wild and fast, making her juicy ass shake in the rhythm. He can see and grab her small, perky titties and spank her ebony booty. She begins screaming with pleasure, telling how much she likes feeling his balls slapping against her backside. The couple now fucks sideways, his dick making the slut scream and reach an incredible, intense orgasm.