A man has his needs. My wife is never home, working long hours, trying to provide for our little family. I couldn’t imagine cheating on her – she has always been a loving wife and also a passionate lover, fucking my huge shaft every time she got the chance. On the other hand, her gorgeous brunette daughter Jasmin was hanging around the house, wearing tight clothes. Why wouldn’t she –  she was beautiful, young and fit, able to seduce any man. I had never seen her as a sex object until one day when she caught me masturbating. I was home from a long day at the office, trying to unwind, pumping my dick inside a flashlight. I loved the toy. It felt like a real pussy. I was at the brink of an intense orgasm – my eyes shut when I heard someone entering the room. It was Jasmin, naughtily smiling at the sight of my dick upright. I felt ashamed, but she wasn’t judgmental, telling me she had appreciated me using the sex toy instead of cheating on her mom. She kept smiling, kneeling down, now moving the toy with her hands up and down my still hard shaft. She wouldn’t stop jerking me off, speeding up, until I sprayed my load inside the flashlight. I was amazed once she started licking the spunk, enjoying the taste. Once she started licking her lips, I knew she wanted to taste my dick. She was making my cock rock solid again by giving me an amazing blowjob, licking my shaft up and down. Once she took the top off, showing me her perky tits, I knew she would let me fuck her. It felt so good because it was kinky and forbidden, making me even harder.   I have always loved to lick pussies, and her young pussy tasted sweet and fleshy, already dripping wet. Her legs were wide apart, her snatch inviting me to shove my dick inside. My sexy naked step daughter kept spreading her pussy lips, rubbing the clit, while I rammed it with my shaft. Her pussy made me cum once again, giving her a juicy creampie! I came so much some of my cum started leaking out of her pussy. She wasn’t done screwing me, now riding my dick, moaning, and begging me not to stop. Her mother has always loved being a cock-riding cowgirl. I came once again, filled her pussy with more of my warm spunk. It was oozing down my shaft as she kept riding me. I could feel her pussy pulsating, cumming hard, and once again, I sprayed my jizz all the way up her pussy. I couldn’t believe she still wanted more – I guess she could feel the raw sexual energy between us. Cum spurt out of her pussy with each thrust as I slammed my cock deep into her eptite body. Now my naked step daughter turned around, letting me fuck her little cunt doggystyle. She kept turning around, looking me straight to the eyes, her gaze telling me she loved the feeling of my semen. The view of her firm ass, and a tight asshole, while I kept ramming her pussy made me cum again. Once again, she could feel my spunk spraying the jizz deep inside her horny slit. Her tight pussy made me cum load after load.