These girls are best friends. They look very different – one being a chubby brunette babe, tall and full-bosomed, while the other is a petite redhead, but they share a passion for exploring nature. One day, while hiking, the girls come across a hostel, it’s a fake hostel! The ladies go to their rooms. The thick girl strips her clothes, leaving only the panties and bra on, and lies down to get some rest. Awesome, what a fatty! Her slim friend goes to take a shower. She is a cute redhead, so the landlord instantly likes her, especially since she is walking around in tiny denim shorts and black stockings. The man feels his dick getting stiff and decides to spy on the young naked girl while showering. He enjoys the view of her perky tits and firm ass in the steamy shower. Horny, an old pervert hides in her bed, next to her sleeping friend. When the skinny naked girl climbs between the sheets, she gasps in delight when she feels a hot hard dick slide into her pussy! Being a slut that she is, she happily takes an unknown cock deep inside her pussy. She loves being a submissive whore, enjoying hard pounding while the man holds his hand on her mouth. The couple doesn’t want to wake her friend up – not so sure about it. They are so horny they are unaware of their moans becoming louder. The landlord keeps drilling the redhead’s pussy missionary making the old bed squeak.   The naked girl rides the dick now, squirting all over it, dangerously close to her friend’s bed. The squirts, moaning, and bed squeaking finally wake the chubby babe up, amazed at the sight of her best friend riding a dick and having a squirting orgasm. ‘C’mon, join us!’ The babe rushes to her knees to get a taste of the delicious cock. The stud now gets to enjoys both naked girls – he has often fantasized about two cock hungry sluts coming to his hostel, begging him to fuck them and make them squirt. The dreams do come true. The girls greedily take turns blowing his dick, like it is a competition. The slim girl spits on it, making it all wet, while the thick girl grabs and licks the swollen balls. The redhead is a more experienced one, showing her friend how to please a man with her mouth and a naughty tongue. Soon enough, she is on her knees, begging the dude to pound her slit. He obeys and pounds her pussy with all his might, having her friend lick his balls. His scrotum was slapping against her face and it was driving her wild! The redhead wants a wild ride again and squirts one more time from the hard doggy style pounding, kissing passionately with the BFF. The landlord is now on the brunette’s pussy, fingering it hard and making her squirt before fucking it again. Her friend plays with her huge tits while the brunette rubs her big boobs. It’s not long before the chubby girl feels a powerful orgasm building up in her body, squirting all over the landlord and her friend.