This gorgeous blonde walked into her massage appointment with an attitude. She and her pierced tits were not happy with the new assistant of her favorite masseuse. That cute, busty brunette couldn’t take her eyes off of her juicy tits. All she wanted to do was to get her hands on them and pinch her nipples. The blonde stripped naked and lied down on the massaging table, and the brunette started with the massage. She started on her neck first, because she was afraid she will cross a line with this girl. But what she didn’t know was that this smoking hot blonde wanted her big tits to be rubbed good. So she grabbed her hands and put them on her boobs. This masseur was in awe of her nipples, and she gave her best to make her feel good. But not even the main guy masseuse watching the girls would have predicted that the horny blonde would grab the collar of her shirt and ripped it open. She really wanted the full experience with this girl. The masseur just went with it, and she grabbed the oil, poured it on her back, and massaged her juicy ass. She spread her ass cheeks and pushed her fingers into her wet hole. That was the kind of massage the blonde was waiting for! The masseur buried her face between her ass cheeks and shoved her tongue up her pussy. But the guy had a better idea, and he took off his assistant’s pants. Now two girls were naked on his table. With all tits out, they could move right into a hot sensual girl on girl nuru style massage. As his assistant fingered their client he took the chance to stick his hard dick into her. She pushed her juicy ass onto his dick and now both busty naked girls moaned in pleasure. But the blondie felt left out and the girls quickly changed positions, so that the blonde was jumping up and down on this guy’s dick, while the nerdy brunette was sitting on his face. Two pair of big tits were bouncing up and down. Both busty naked girls took turns cumming on his cock and his face. Then the girls scissored each other, while taking turns in sucking his big dick. They began to grind their pussies against each other and suck his cock. These girls got their soaking wet pussies sucked and fucked hard. So when he was ready to cover them in his cum, the busty naked girls covered their tits over his cock and made him cum like the king. They all got their happy ending. 