A lot of men love women with a short hairstyle. Don’t miss this sexy girl with short hair! It was always the same story every morning. The bathroom was too crowded for both of them. They fought about everything, the toothpaste, the sink, and the shower. But this morning his roommate got to hop in first and thinking she won this little argument she turned on the water. But he was quickly behind her, and he stepped in too, fully naked. At first, all he wanted to do was take over her showering time, after all, he was late. But she was feeling feisty this morning, and this fight was not going to end that easily. But when she turned around finally and looked down, she saw a big dick staring back at her. Suddenly showering was the last thing on her mind. His naked roommate got down on her knees and the one thought in her dirty mind was telling her to wrap her slutty lips around his dick. He was shocked, but this was not the time to lecture his roommate on morals. He had a bad case of morning wood, and he went with the flow just this one time. This gorgeous girl knew what she was doing, her juicy lips were sucking on his tip, while her wet tongue glazed over the tip slightly. He soon needed more, and he pushed her against the wall, plopped her leg up, and slid into her soaking wet pussy. His hard dick went in so easily and she loved how he stretched her tight little cunt out. She met his every thrust with her hips and she made him cum inside of her. His semen was leaking down her thigh, she felt her pussy throb. This girl was not about to let him walk away from her that easily. She began kissing his cock and he got hard again. He kept pounding her tight pussy, and spanked her juicy ass so hard. She loved how rough he was with her, and all she wanted was more. More of him, more of his dick, and more of his cum. She made him sit on the shower bench, and she got in his lap. Sexy naked girl slid down his dick and jumped hard. He was so deep inside of her pussy, she could feel she was on the edge. With a few more thrusts she came and squirted all over the shower. Her throbbing pussy squeezed his dick just right and made him cum. He filled her pussy again, and that’s when he knew they found their new morning routine. 