A woman walked into the grocery store without her mask like it was a perfectly normal thing to do. She was asking for trouble, so when a young store clerk pointed out that she can’t be walking around bare-faced, she quickly found the solution to her mask problem. That MILF just reached for her panties right in front of the guy and pulled them down. She wrapped the pink panties around her beautiful face, and she took his stunned face as a sign of approval. So she continued her shopping in the produce aisle, but she knew that the cute guy was watching her every move. She fooled around with a couple of juicy melons and her boobs. But the main show was when she reacher for the huge and thick cucumbers. He just stared at her in awe, and when she stroked her pussy with the hard vegetable he almost passed out. This MILF was crazy! He had never seen a hotter MILF in his life. All this public masturbation, those monstrous tits and her big ass got him hard. He followed the MILF around some more, and saw her stroking her pussy in the middle of the grocery store. He had to do something about it but she just showed him her naked ass, grabbed his hand and put it on her cheeks. Pulling her dress up and bending over to show her naked ass she looked out at him over her shoulder. She knew all these young horny teenagers would like to get a piece of that ass. She proudly pushed her tits out for the boy ‘Suck me honey, suck me!’ The lady grabbed his head and pushed it between her boobs. She arched her back, sticking her tits out for him to devour. Her breasts felt fantastic. So full and so soft. Then the MILF got on her knees and quickly pulled his pants down with both hands. His teen dick was rock-hard and she wrapped her slutty mouth around it. She sucked him off right in the middle of the grocery store not paying any attention to other shoppers passing by. The things he would do to her, but he had to control himself and not let his boner take control just yet.   But this horny MILF wanted him now, and who was he to say no to her sexy ass. So he bent her over and she spread her ass cheeks so he could push his big dick all the way in. He pounded her tight pussy hard, and neither of them cared about other shoppers in the store. She spread her ass cheeks with both hands and told him to FUCK HER IN THE ASS! ‘WHAT?!’ ‘C’mon, FUCK ME! FUCK MY ASS!’ The guy pointed his cock at her asshole. Slowly he pushed it into her. ‘FUCK MY ASS hard, slamm into me! NOW!!!’ He started pumping faster, harder. Her big ass cheeks were wiggling with the effort and her tits were bouncing. Sneaking away from the other customers the half naked woman pushed him on the floor and got on top of him. She slid down his cock, and she loved the way he stretched her asshole. Her big bubble ass looked amazing jumping up and down and hitting his abs with her every thrust. He loved that she was willing to do all the work for him and milk his cock. This day was the best of his life. This was the first time he wasn’t bored at work, and when she kneeled in front of him again so that she could drink his cum, he was ecstatic. As the MILF bopped her pretty head up and down on his cock again, he couldn’t help but hope that she will come back tomorrow. Her dirty little mouth took every last drop of his cum, and she left. 