This cocky guy walked into a hostel carefree to be vaccinated against covid. He thought he was safe with his huge mask. Suddenly he removed his mask to cough! Wasting no time the nurses quickly tackled him to the ground. These ladies didn’t come to play! He fell to the floor, and one of the girls took his pants off. She poked him with the vaccine and when he turned over on her back the nurse saw his huge cock. Probably that was vaccine side-effect. His rock-hard dick was standing proud in front of them. Both girls felt the heat pooling inside of them, and they looked at each other before taking his dick in their hands. That little look was all the girls needed to realize the same thought was in their minds. The sexy curvy brunette was the eager one, and she quickly exchanged her hands with her slutty mouth. She wrapped her gorgeous lips around his tip and she slowly worked her way to the bottom. This guy was stunned, but he was not about to say no to two gorgeous ladies that seem to be fighting for his cock. So he lied back, relaxed, and let the girls do their thing. The nurses were now working together, but they needed more. Their pussies were soaking wet, and they were aching to get his dick inside both of them. They kissed, which only made this hero harder, and when they pulled apart the smoking hot brunette climbed on top of him, and she slid down his schlong. She jumped so hard he could barely hold on, but he wanted this to last longer. So he took the skinny blonde and pushed her onto the bed. The naked nurse quickly got her legs in the air and he pushed his hard dick inside of her juicy pussy. He fucked her hard and fast, and so good that the brunette got jealous she jumped on the blonde, sucked her tits, and stuck her sweet ass for this horny patient to stick his dick in. Pussy to pussy stomach to stomach and breasts to breasts the naked girls lay on top of each other and the dude began pounding both their pussies, making them squirt. He drilled both of their wet cunts, and these girls only squirted harder. They begged for him to cum all over them. 