This blonde teen was walking through the house, but the slightly opened door of the bathroom caught her attention. Her stepbrother was there, with his dick between his hands. Standing in the corner, she slowly pulled down her panties, her hand moved down to her pussy and started rubbing her swollen clit. She sunk into her imagination, and that’s when she knew she wanted him to trace his fingers on her clit instead of her own. She tried to be quiet but she was too far gone for that. The bad thing is, once he heard a strange sound he got up and closed the door. So she quickly got dressed and went downstairs. When he walked into the kitchen she pretended like nothing has happened. But later that day, she had only one thing on her mind and she was determined to make it true. The horny little girl walked to his door, burst in, and caught him jerking off again. But this time she climbed into the bed beside him. He was shocked at first and really confused, and when she flashed him her young succulent tits, he only got harder. She could see that he was debating in his head whether to go for it or not. But she was not about to let this chance fly out the window, and she grabbed his hands and put it on her tits, and her hand moved down his abs to his cock. He was trapped and intoxicated with his little step-sister. So he went for it, and let her slide her hand up and down his shaft as he kissed her. She quickly wrapped her lips around his throbbing cock, and that made him crazy. He had no time for that, and all he wanted was to push his hard dick inside of her tight pussy. So she got on all fours, as she could read his mind. He admired the view of her big bubble ass a little bit and pushed his dick inside of her. He pounded her pussy hard and mercilessly. He He would be lying if he said he never tough about fucking his little stepsis. She was a brat and he knew a rough fuck would straighten her out. She let him have his way with her, and he made her cum so hard. When her pussy tightened around his dick from cumming he filled her pussy up with his cum. Now that will make her respect his privacy.  