Teen girls always go through a rebellious phase at some point. But this sexy MILF didn’t know that one day she will be stuck at the mall police office with her naughty daughter and trying to figure out a way to get her off. But this officer had a great idea, and he was feeling horny all day so this little teen slut was the perfect way for him to fuck them both. He suggested the teen girl suck his cock in exchange for letting them go without a huge fine. Her mother was reluctant but she knew he wouldn’t let them walk away just like that. So she told her daughter to turn on her wild side and suck his dick a little. The girl got on her knees and with a little grimace, she reluctantly opened her mouth. She wrapped her lips around the head of his penis. The mother kneeled beside her and took the dick away from her naughty daughter to show her how it’s done. She swallowed it whole, and the officer was finally satisfied. Then he ordered the daughter to suck his cock, she slipped the head past those fuckable lips and began rocking it forward and back. It wasn’t enough for an old pervert and he ordered the girl to get naked. So as the MILF sucked his huge dick, the daughter stripped naked and let him play with her innocent titties. If he knew he would be deep in pussy when he woke up this morning, he would speed to work. So when the mom finally had enough, he made the girls bend over his table with their juicy asses out.   Both mom and daughter fully naked were waiting for whose pussy he would choose first. Of course he wanted to fuck the young girl first. Her young wet tight pussy was so good. The girl was looking at her mother, getting fucked by the old pervert from behind. Her mom kept blaming her for what she had done. Holding the young naked girl’s waist with both hands he began driving into her, balls deep, his balls slapping into her wet pussy lips as he pumped and ground his cock into her. The mom was next. Maybe she didn’t want to admit it, but he was good. The fact that he was fucking both the daughter and her mother at the same time made him even hornier. He gave his all, and when he moved to the milf’s pussy, he flipped her over. It was so fun fucking mom and daughter together in the same position. Naked woman was now on her back, with her legs in the air. He slid his cock inside of her hairy pussy and as he made the mom moan the daughter got behind him and grabbed his tender balls. He ordered her to massage his balls slowly with her hand. He pounded both naked girls so hard, but the teen was his favorite, and he wanted to fill her pussy up. He wanted to see his cum drip out of her tight pussy. So he had her on the table again, and she spread her legs as wide as she could. He slid inside of her with ease and pounded her hard until the teen slut was moaning nonstop. He filled her pussy up, and when he was finally happy with their cunts, he let them go. The girls got dressed, blushed, and walked out. Bet it was an awkward ride home. 