This guy has a terminal disease and doesn’t have much time left. His best friend has come to visit him. She is devastated and heartbroken. Nothing could’ve prepared them for this. She tries to stay strong for him, but she caught him writing in his notebook a few times, and she is sure he was writing his goodbye letter. He then reveals the reason he called her over: he has a dark bucket list and having sex with her is one of the items on the list! She is horrified and tries to leave, but he says he’s in love with her, he wants her, not just as a friend, no. She claims she loves her boyfriend. But he is sure she is lying, she is still smitten with him. She is confused, after all, he only gets one chance. With his hand between her thighs she lets him kiss her. He pushes her on the bed and starts kissing her all over. She can feel his breath right now… his mouth hovering just above her tummy, her breast, her pussy, tempting her, teasing her, a very sensual torture. She lifts her hips, which is always the sign that a girl wants her panties taken off. He slowly slides her pink panties off her hips and legs. She is shaking from excitement, enjoying that total feeling of the most intimate moment of two people together. She lets him have her way with her. He has fantasized about her so many times over the years. He would masturbate thinking of her tight cute body: imagining her pussy wrapped around his cock, his lips kissing her pussy, her ass in his grip. Now she is finally completely open to him, her legs spread so wide that her tight little pussy is exposed. He is between her legs in an instant, lapping greedily at her pussy and clit. He traces his tongue on her slit. She is soaking wet, and he loves how she tastes. She is grinding her hips, covering his face with her sweet juices.   He has have never in his life found a pussy that is more wet, hot and ready to be fucked. They both get fully naked, he gets on to the bed on his back and asks her to suck his cock. His friend sucks it, lick his balls, and he keeps asking her to tell his cock tastes better than her bf’s cock. She licks them and takes one nut, and then another in her mouth, moaning how she likes them. Unable to control herself any longer, the naked girl gets on top of him and positions his hot throbbing cock to her pussy. It slides in with ease and she began to ride him. She screams out in pleasure, slamming herself down on his cock. Lifting up and slamming herself down onto his cock, grinding her hips against his over and over. She orgasms way too easily. She keeps grinding her pussy hard against his crotch as she rocks up and down the full length of his cock. He pushes her onto the bed. Holding his breath for a few moments he pushes back into her pussy. He is fucking her hard, and she moans louder with every thrust. The sound of their crotches slamming together is heard loudly. Her pussy juices are flowing onto his cock, but he just goes faster and harder. She is afraid to admit to herself that she loves how he fucks her. He has made her cum a lot, but he keeps going. He is not about to let his favorite girl in the world go home unsatisfied, to her lame boyfriend, and let him do a better job than him. He is the one for her, and they both know it. Her soaking wet pussy feels so good when she cums for him. When her walls squeeze around his dick, he is so close to filling her pussy up. He wants to leave his mark on her. If he is about to leave her forever he has to know that she is entirely his. 