It was the time to showcase her photos. She was a model, and she was gorgeous. But she always felt insecure about her sexiest ones. Even when all the guys fought their way to her to tell her how sexy she looked, but none of them could make her feel special. Until this stud showed up, he walked over to her when she was looking at one of her pictures. Instead of being sleazy about it, he told her her eyes held the most power in that picture. But her boyfriend thought she was uncomfortable, and in all honesty, he was jealous that a rich, hot guy was talking to his gorgeous girlfriend. He tried to save her, but he can’t save someone that doesn’t want to be rescued. The rich stud ended up buying all of her photos. When the beautiful model went upstairs to help him wrap and get the pictures, she suddenly found herself flirting with him. It was him who she wanted, and she didn’t care about her headshots anymore. He kissed her, and she lost herself on his lips. He gently pushed the straps of her dress down her shoulders, and her tits were now right in his face. He looked at her beautiful young body, the way her breasts swayed the sight of her pretty pussy. This teen blonde babe has the sweetest, hottest body of them all! He grazed his tongue on her nipples, and she loves the sensation of his gentle tongue and his beard on her tits. Se pushed him on the sofa and got her slutty mouth around his thick dick. She sucked him, more and more of that gorgeous cock in her mouth. Pulling her mouth off his dick, she swallowed deeply, the saliva and precum that had accumulated in her little mouth. He couldn’t wait to slide his dick in her tight little pussy. The naked girl climbed on top of him, holding his cock at the entrance of her now very wet, drooling hole. Gently she lowered herself onto his hard cock, feeling her opening up to receive him. The model rode him like a god cowgirl. Her juicy pussy milked his thick cock, and she loved thrusting her cute little ass onto him. She is absolutely stunning, and every red-blooded man’s dream! He kept slamming his mushroom head into her cervix again and again driving her climax to near impossible heights. His dick hit her sweet spot every time, and he couldn’t hold it any longer. He shot his huge load into her cunt, and she took every last drop of cum. 