The petite blonde is home alone, feeling her virgin pussy aching. Unfortunately, she has never been with a guy before, kissed a few, but that was it. The only thing that helps her unwind is rubbing her tight pussy, masturbating, fantasizing about a real cock ramming her love hole. She starts humping a big purple stuffed teddy bear, rubbing her naked pussy against the soft fur. Her virgin pussy is dripping wetness onto her teddy bear. Her small fingers touch her clitty, she is imagining it is a real cock inside her. She speeds up, moaning loudly, almost cumming all over it when their neighbour notices her through the window. Suddenly she hears the door open, she is trying to cover her young naked body. A muscular guy came to talk to her father but the sight of the naked girl, masturbating in the living room doesn’t go un-noticed. She is naked and ashamed of him seeing her masturbate. He has always admired her slender, fit body, secretly watching her in the swimming pool. The stud instantly proposes she tries out a real dick, his dick! He tells her that sex with a real person is way better. An 18 year old virgin wants to test it out but she has never done anything like that before. He pulls out his penis ‘Look what a real man’s dick looks like’, ‘Well, let me see you suck it first like a good little girl…’ The small naked girl gets to her knees, taking his long dick in her mouth. She has never sucked a cock before but from listening to her girlfriends talking about it so many times she thinks she can do it. The blonde teen tries her best, taking every inch of the dick, almost gagging on it, letting her spit cover the tip of the penis, making it wet and slippery. She keeps giving the stud a sloppy blowjob, making sure to prepare it for what’s coming up – her very first sexual experience. He is sitting on a sofa while the petite girl gets on top of him, his penis touching her virgin petals. She is rubbing her small but perky tits against his face. She lowers herself onto it, letting his cock sink into her innocent pussy, parting her wet pussy lips. A hot, hard, throbbing cock is filling her tight young cunt for the very first time. He is watching his cock as it enters her moist pussy.   The feeling is amazing. The enormous cock has filled her completely, and each time she lowers herself onto his manhood, her tiny body twitched in pleasure. Her flexible body is twisting and rocking back and forth, fast and hard, intensifying the fucking, moaning loudly. It’s unbelievable how horny she is, her pussy dripping wet for him, her eyes telling him not to stop. The small naked girl then turns around, him fingering her slit fast and hard, making her beg him to let her sit back on his dick. The blonde is now riding the dick reverse cowgirl style, pushing her hips with passion while he enjoys the view of her cute little ass. Soon enough, the stud screws this tiny girl from behind, squeezing and slapping her tight ass, enjoying every second of it. The slut bends over while the big dick rams her slit deep and rough. They can’t stop and won’t stop – screwing in all positions, sideways, from behind, fast and raw, trying to make each other cum. Her skinny body is shivering in an intense orgasm while the stud fucks her hard from behind, making the whole sofa shake and squeak underneath. She can feel his dick pulsating inside her, rushing to her knees to let her neighbour spray her whole face with creamy jizz – but she wants more. As soon as he gets hard again, he lifts her whole body up, fucking her insatiable snatch until she cums again all over his solid shaft. He has shown her how a real dick and a real man feel like, making her sneak to his house every time she feels horny or lonely.