It was pouring outside, and this blonde schoolgirl had to get inside. The only problem is, she was nowhere near her house, and she was selling candy in this neighborhood for her church. She is a good girl, and she always does what she’s told. She tried the first house she saw and knocked. But no one was answering, so she grabbed the doorknob, and luckily it was unlocked. She let herself in. When the owner showed up and saw a cute blonde, he was stunned. This schoolgirl tried to explain what happened, and when he got her on the bed to dry off, he sympathized with her story. So he let her stay, but not for free. He whipped out his large penis. She was staring at his long, dangling cock hanging between his legs. Very fast this good girl transformed into a good little slut. She wrapped her slutty mouth around his dick, and she sucked hard. He then grabbed her head and fucked her cute face until her mouth was filled with his cum. She loved how he treated her like a slut. She was tired of acting like a good little girl all the time. So he pushed her on the bed and took off her red panties. She was shaved, and of course, she was wet. All the good girls are. He told her to wrap her arms around her legs and keep them in the air. When he slid his penis into her tight hole, she gasped and moaned so loudly at the new sensation. It made him harder, and he knew right then that he could use this slut however he wanted. He pounded her cunt hard, and she loved every hard and deep thrust he made. His large balls were slapping against her ass. Her pussy was throbbing for more. Her juices were dripping out of her pussy. He used her like some fuck doll. He wanted to cum all over her beautiful body. He pulled his cock out and he shot long stripes of cum all over her body, hitting her face with thick white ropes of semen. The naked schoolgirl opened her mouth and stuck her tongue out as he emptied his juices on her. Then he grabbed her and kept fucking her from behind. Her tight pussy will make you cum multiple times too! 