Rebecca has come to visit her old friend, Sofia. Sofia knows Rebecca is a naughty cockteasing slut, always searching for new men to fuck her dirty holes. They used to share a room in a dorm – Rebecca kept bringing a new stud over every night, screaming and moaning while cumming hard. Nevertheless, the chubby brunette reluctantly allows her friend to stay, keeping a close eye on her. After all, Sofia has a new boyfriend whom she wants for herself only, and the last thing she needs is a hot blonde walking around the house, showing off her assets. Sofia wants to make sure her boyfriend is pleased and wants to show him she is all he needs, so she takes him to the bedroom and starts undressing. His dick becomes rock-solid as soon as she starts shaking her huge natural tits and her thicc ass and sits on his face. She keeps playing with her hooters, rubbing her pussy against his tongue, encouraging him to push it deep up her cunt. In a matter of seconds, the fatty climbs his swollen dick, passionately riding it, giving her boyfriend a naughty stare straight to the eyes. His chubby girlfriend clearly wants him to cum, shoving her boobs up to his face, whispering she loves the way his juicy cock stretches her horny pussy. The stud wants her to speed up, spanking her big slutty ass. He is standing on his hands now, Sofia’s thick body bent over, while he rams her pussy hard. Her asshole is wet from the lover’s spit while his tongue fucks her narrow ass. The horny couple fucks doggystyle, when Rebecca walks in. Her fingers rub her wet pussy, kneeling in the corner of the room without panties, watching the passionate couple screwing hard. Sofia doesn’t know her slutty blonde friend is watching them fuck, showing off her dripping wet pussy to her boyfriend. The kinky sight excites him so much he pulls out and sprays his brunette’s girlfriend face and her big tits with his warm spunk.   The next morning, the blonde guest is in a bathroom, taking a shower. The stud is brushing his teeth once he sees her naked, getting hard from the sight of her slender naked body. His girlfriend’s naked friend invites him to fuck her straight away – she has been fantasizing about him fucking her ever since she saw his skills last night. He stands behind her, getting ready to fill her pussy but she tells him to fuck her ass! His girlfriend has never let him fuck her ass but her friend is an anal slut! Her anus gripping his cock so hard, almost like a hot vise clenching onto his cock.  He is pounding her narrow asshole with all his might, feeling his dick pulsating in the slut’s butthole. They sneak to the bedroom, and the blonde starts giving the stud a blowjob of his life. There is nothing she loves more than anal sex, and the stud keeps drilling her butthole hard and deep. Rebecca cums while the stiff dick fucks her asshole as she is rubbing her wet clit. She cums once again, riding the dick reverse cowgirl style. The thing that excites her most is her friend is in the next room, unaware of her boyfriend fucking another girl’s naughty asshole.