This Asian beauty came over for a sleepover. She wanted to relax, watch a movie, and sleep. Hanging out with her childhood best friend was her only plan when she walked into their house. But she was not aware that her cute blonde bestie had bigger plans for her. The two gorgeous girls were in her room, trying on dresses, doing what girls do together. Her stepbrother walked in, and the Asian hottie was annoyed in a second. She never liked him, and he was always meddling into their plans. But he ordered a pizza and she let it fly. Her best friend was always weird about him and letting him off the hook too easily. After the movies, they all went to bed. But since they didn’t have a guest room, the girls had to share the bed. This gorgeous Asian girl woke up in the middle of the night, something felt off and the bed shaking woke her up. She turned around and when she locked eyes with the stepbrother she jumped out of the bed quickly. She wasn’t scared, just freaked out that her blondie bestie was nowhere to be found. So she called out to her. Her brother smirked, never breaking eye contact with this beauty, and he moved the covers. There she was. Her pretty blonde head was bopping up and down on his dick. She wanted to look away, but she couldn’t. Her best friend was enjoying herself, and she wasn’t planning on stopping. Moreover she told her to join them! Seeing her best friend like that, sucking a big hard cock like a slut, made her wet. She could feel her juices pooling in her panties. They could see it too, so the blondie got up, kissed her, and pushed her on the bed. Her brother just lied back and enjoyed the view. She took off her shirt and exposed her perky tits.   Their slutty, sloppy mouths worked together on his dick. While the blondie sucked on his balls, the Asian cutie swallowed his whole dick. She could feel it in the back of her throat and it only made her wetter. She forgot all about being a prude. Her naked friend jumped on top of him and slid down his dick. It felt so good, and she kept moving her hips and meeting every one of his thrusts. Dude couldn’t go any longer, pulled out and came in long spurts of cum all over his sister’s body. Her best friend was there, watching as sharp jets of semen shot out of his throbbing cock and dropped on her belly, her tits and even reached her mouth. He squeezed his cock and shuddered with pleasure as the remaining semen dribbled out in smaller spurts. She licked the cum off of her friend’s stomach with delight! But her friend wanted her to have some fun too. So she moved and positioned herself on top of his lips. He licked her pussy while she rode him. Naked girls got their pretty pussies pounded hard. But he was tired of just laying down, so he got both of them on all fours. While he fucked one, he fingered the other. He switched between them until both of them were screaming and begging for more. Their pussies were throbbing for more, and he was almost at the edge. Two naked girls were cumming hard and fast. He could feel their juices dripping down, and he filled both of them. His cum filled them deep, and once he pulled away, it was dripping all over the place.