When two hot babes like these get together for a massage, things can only go in one direction. Things get even better when it’s a nude massage with lots of passionate, sensual movements. The masseuse, this slender hottie with sexy, subtle tattoos was cheekily glancing over to her busty, voluptuous customer, admiring her thick curves and her amazing, big, all natural breast. The girls even complimented each other on their breasts. The customer was a particularly busty hottie while the masseuse had smaller yet firmer and perkier tits. The busty babe complained that her large breasts were the reason why she had back and shoulder pain, she also mentioned that she wanted to reduce their size! The slim girl had been always secretly attracted to her customer’s large breasts. Naturally, as the naked masseuse was going up and down on the curvaceous body of her customer, both naked girls were getting turned on. When the busty babe turned on her back and teased the other cutie to play with her big tits, the situation escalated. Just like that, the busty blonde had that sexy masseuse in her lap and now she was the one going up and down her body with those soft hands. Feeling up and fondling quickly turned into pussy licking with the skinny babe lifting her ass up and spreading legs. Moaning in pleasure, she was enjoying that soft, warm tongue all over her dripping wet, aching pussy. It didn’t take long for the busty lesbian to start fingering in addition to licking, and then turn to a scissoring position. There is nothing better than watching two hot naked girls grind their pussies against each other. Yes, cumming at the same time is also fun. Enjoying herself, the masseuse was lying comfortably on her back, giving her customer all the control. Scissoring turned into a sixty-nine pussy licking with a skinny lady on top. Riding that face, she could barely collect herself to reciprocate with some pussy rubbing. She got the chance when the lesbians switched positions once more and, from there on out, it was nothing but intense and sloppy pussy eating into many shaking and trembling orgasms. 