This girl just got into college, and she was in her study mode. When her boyfriend came over, she knew he had only one thing on his mind. But she was not about to let him distract her from her precious books. He even brought a condom, he was so horny all the time, and it seemed like he chose the worst moment to try and get his girlfriend to give him some. He was about to give up when her smoking hot mom walked in. She had a low-cut dress on, and her boobs looked spectacular. He could see her every curve, and when she didn’t yell at him for having a condom, he was intrigued. Unfortunately his girlfriend was too busy studying to give a shit about his erection. So he left her alone and walked around the house looking for her sexy mom. She was in the bathroom, on her knees, with her pussy out! The horny teenager could see her gorgeous ass, her pussy from where he was standing. MILF was cleaning, but she looked so hot. So he quickly got his condom on and jerked off. He got off in the condom watching his girlfriend sexy mom clean on her hands and knees, sticking her beautiful ass out. But he forgot to pick it up from the ground. When the woman found it, she was furious. So she burst into their room and told her daughter to leave with her sassy attitude.   The dude didn’t budge and just stayed there on her bed. So the sexy milf got onto the bed and got on top of him. Her hand moved towards his crotch. Her dress opened, showing her breast, his eyes not missing one centimeter of it. The horny mom quickly took his cock out. It was rock hard! She smiled as she leaned over and kissed him. He stammered as her fingernail traced the head of his hard on. Then she sat on his face in a 69 position! He couldn’t believe what was happening! It was hard to think that she was so much older than him. MILF wrapped her slutty mouth around his cock, while he stuck his tongue in her wet pussy. She was about to lose control and cum all over his face. His face was flooded with her juices. But she wanted more. So she got up, stood over his cock and slowly began to lower herself to it. He grabbed her ass, pulling her closer to her. His hands roamed her entire ass as she ground her crotch against his raging dick with wanton abandon. She was fucking beautiful! Her hands went to her big tits, tweaking her nipples, pulling on them as she rode him. Only she gets to fuck in her house. This guy destroyed her soaking wet hole, and she loved how he stretched her out. The beautiful naked woman moved her hips to meet his every thrust, and she let him shoot his big load into her cunt. This MILF had the most fun milking her daughter’s boyfriend’s dick. Never in his wildest dreams would he have imagined that he would be fucking his girlfriends MILFy mom!