This cutie was in her comfort zone, and she needed to get out. So she did the best thing she knew about. She asked around and got an appointment to see a smoking hot mistress. She walked into the poorly lit room. She was nervous, when she was dressing this morning she wasn’t sure should she go for a more slutty or casual look. With her tight, short skirt, and a light pink top she thought she was blending right in. Then her mistress walked in, in her leather costume. She was in a tight, black corset bodysuit with high heel boots. Seeing her dressed as a sexy goddess, she wondered if she went too safe with her outfit. But time to think was over, she was about to take control of this little slut, and she was going to make her scream and beg for more. The mistress went right in, she pulled up her shirt and exposed her pierced nipples. Maybe this teen girl is not so innocent as she seems. She slapped her tits, and it made this cutie wetter and wetter with every slap. She knew exactly what this little slut needed. So she made her sit on the floor, so she could sit on her face. Placing her pussy on her mouth, the mistress began to grind her pussy from side to side over her face, smearing her pussy juices all over her cute face. She ground her clit down hard. She was gasping and panting as she ground her hairy pussy onto her mouth while she frantically licked and sucked her. The hot lesbian mistress completely took charge of the newbie, indulging her in some ass rimming and face riding before the main course: tongue-fucking until the girls both cum! The teen girl kept licking her lesbian mistress from behind, her tongue licked from her clit to her anus. This girl had a good tongue on her. She licked her pussy fast and hard, and when they changed their positions she didn’t stop. This little slut made her mistress cum hard in her mouth. So now she deserved a reward. The sexy goddess made her grab her legs, and keep them still so she could eat her ass. This little slut screamed and moaned until she came so hard on her mistress’ face. 