This ebony beauty came over for a sleepover and play video games. She and her bestie matched their onesie pajamas. The girls both looked smoking hot, and her best friend’s boyfriend got hard just by looking at his favorite girls on all fours playing games. He walked over to the ebony cutie, unbuttoned her bottoms. Her juicy ass was sticking out, and he pushed his fingers in her little pussy. She tried to stay quiet because she his fingers felt so good. He slipped his dick inside of her and her eyes rolled back. He stretched her young tight pussy out so good. The moan escaped her mouth a little, but her best friend didn’t notice. He could feel she was about to scream, so he tried to keep her quiet with his hand. But that gave them away. His girlfriend saw them fucking, but instead of freaking out, she just opened her butt flap. Her boyfriend switched, and tore her yellow onesie and slid his dick inside of her pussy. The half naked girls still had controllers in their hands, and both of them were trying to beat one another despite all the sweet distractions. The sexy ginger screamed and moaned, so maybe video games were the last thing on her mind. But she was not about to lose the game. So her boyfriend moved over to the ebony babe, and she opened her mouth to let him in. He pushed his prick into her mouth and began slowly fucking her mouth. She loved it, and she could feel her juices making her pajamas wet. He missed his girlfriend’s mouth, so he gave her a taste two.   The girls laughed when he rubbed his cock against their faces. These beautiful sluts shared his dick like a piece of cake. The girls were too horny to keep playing, but neither of them wanted to quit. So while one of them rode his dick hard. The other stayed ahead in the game. The ebony queen milked his cock, and she moved her hips perfectly. He was so lost in their game, and he loved how both of them used him to distract the other. Once the girls were done with the game, both jumped on him and let him have his way with their wet pussies. He lied on the floor, while the naked girls jerked him off together with their tight cunts. He was one lucky guy! Getting two smoking hot babes to milk his cock. But they were not nearly done. The ebony babe sat on the couch, and her best friend was on all fours licking her tight pussy. Her boyfriend was right behind her with his dick deep inside of her pussy. With his every thrust, she licked her harder. So he picked up the pace and got both girls on their knees with their pretty faces together. He stroked his cock, cumming all over their faces. The girls desperately tried to catch the cum with their tongues. With cum dripping off their faces and tits after a great fuck the naked girls scissored their legs together and began grinding their pussies against the others. 