This voluptuous blonde babe hides a dirty secret. She asked her friend, a brunette hottie, to tie her to the bed before explaining what was going on. Apparently, ever since her eighteenth birthday, every full moon, she was turning into a raging lesbian who wants nothing more than to fuck other girls. Soon enough, the moon was out, and the blonde was losing her mind. Just like that, she started teasing and seducing her friend, who couldn’t resist for long. It didn’t take long before she was untying the wild lesbian, and the two were taking their clothes off. The brunette found herself on her back, fondling a pair of big, supple, natural jugs of her new girlfriend before spreading legs wide for intense pussy licking. The blonde buried her pretty face deep inside the trimmed snatch and started fucking the girl with her warm, wet tongue. Screaming in pleasure, the naked girl was moving her hips up and down, rubbing herself off of that fuckable face. Just eating that pussy out wasn’t enough for the busty lesbian, so she started fingering the girl, quickly bringing her to a shaking orgasm. Her friend made her lie on her stomach and went on to slobber on both of her tight holes to return the favor. In an instant, the blonde’s pussy was dripping wet, and now she was the one screaming. After such passionate oral foreplay, the naked girls were both ready for more. They crossed their legs and started rubbing their wet cunts against each other relentlessly. Those curvy, womanly bodies were shaking and swaying as these two hot lesbians fucked each other’s brains out. They thrusting harder and faster now, and their throbbing clits were bumping with each other. Naked girls were losing their mind. They continued to cry out as an orgasm washed over them in wave after wave of intense pleasure. Scissoring turned into hardcore face sitting and tongue fucking, and, from there on out, there was no stopping this lesbian duo until they both came hard, shaking and screaming. Watch the sexiest girls in the best lesbian sex, best pussy eating and pussy fingering scenes, face sitting and the best female orgasms! 