A slender young brunette loves to lounge around, playing on her small video game console. She is so overwhelmed playing the addictive game that she doesn’t even notice her boyfriend coming in. He is horny but she is too distracted. He starts seducing the babe, pulling his penis out of his jeans and rubbing it over her pretty face. He rubs his cock across her cheek, slapping her face with his erection, before easing it inside her mouth while she continues to play her game. His cock feels good in her warm mouth. His girlfriend still isn’t ready to quit the game, but she spreads her legs, letting the guy to take her pink panties off. Her slim sexy legs are spread wide open and her shaved pussy right in front of his face. He is rubbing her wet snatch, kissing her labia, licking her pink clit. He enters her slit, pumping slowly, but the petite slut is still on the game. Her moans become louder, making her unable to concentrate on the game anymore. He speeds up, sliding the cock all the way inside her wet pussy. He guides her to turn around, now pounding her pussy hard from behind, squeezing her small and firm ass. Her pussy is becoming wetter, enjoying the screwing and finally putting the console down. His long dick has deserved some love – she finally starts slurping on it, jerking it off while giving it a nice long blowjob. His naked girlfriend rides the dick reverse cowgirl style, feeling the huge dick stretching her tight hole. She turns around, the stud now ramming her pussy hard doggystyle, pulling her long brunette hair. The teen babe loves being fucked like a dirty submissive slut. The guy wants to taste the wet pussy again, licking it and guiding it to his stiff shaft once again. The young naked girl rides the dick, screaming in pleasure, begging the guy not to stop and make her cum. She cums hard, getting pounded sideways while the stud keeps rubbing her pink clit with passion. Unable to control himself anymore, the guy pulls out and sprays the warm cum all over his girlfriend’s pussy. It turns out his joystick is way more fun than the game. 