One day, her stepmom tells her they are wating for a foreign exchange student come to stay with them. The petite blonde can’t stand her stepmom bossing around, telling her what to do all the time, so the MILF thinks it is the way to bond with her stepdaughter. The young teen stud finally comes to their house, the stepmom leaves the teens alone, to give them time to get to know each other while she is busy preparing dinner for them. Once she is back, she is shocked to see her stepdaughter blowing the guest’s big dick! The MILF instantly realizes the young couple is clueless when it comes to sex, so she decides to help them explore each other’s horny bodies. After all, she ought to be a good, amiable host. MILF takes the stud’s long dick in her experienced mouth, making it all stiff and wet, showing her stepdaughter how to please a dick. The shaft is big and thick, but she puts the whole length in her mouth, giving the guy a naughty stare straight to the eyes. The blonde struggles a bit, but her kinky stepmom keeps pushing her head closer, shoving the dick deep up her stepdaughter’s slutty mouth. Then the girls undress, showing off nice, sexy bodies. The teen is fit and slender, with small but perky tits, while the MILF has huge round boobs and a bouncy ass. The naked girls take turns playing with the throbbing shaft. The teen girl is on her back, legs apart, the guy begins kissing and slobbering all over her pretty young pussy. But the stepmom decides to show him how to please a woman properly, sucking on the teen’s clit, showing how it’s done to the teen guy.   He plays with the girl’s clit, and finally tells him to shove his dick inside that tight little pussy. The stepmom makes the pussy wet by spitting on it. The stud keeps ramming the young cunt while the MILF is sitting on her stepdaughter’s face, rubbing her clit against the teen’s tongue, while the stud spanks her big ass. The busty naked woman now shows off her perfect cock riding skills, making the guy grunt with wild pleasure. The teen is the one sitting on the guy’s face, looking at the milf’s huge tits going up and down. He never ever dreamed even in his wildest one he would have sex with mom and daughter, and now these hot naked girls are riding his face and his cock together. The MILF tells him to fuck her stepdaughter from behind like a bitch. And he does it with all his might, making the bed squeak and the girl scream. Mom’s turn now to be fucked like a little bitch. The teen chick is busy licking her clit, while the guy keeps ramming her juicy pussy from behind, spanking her big ass cheeks. The two naked girls rush to their knees, sucking and licking the swollen shaft until it sprays warm cum all over their faces! Watch more porn with the hottest MILFs by the link above!