This beautiful blonde was jogging in her neighborhood, but her juicy tits were too distracting to her neighbour. The man was unloading his car when he spotted her. Her gorgeous tits were jumping up and down, and he could see her nipples just a little. He was so consumed with her boobs that he dropped his laundry basked right on his foot. The girl was so nice, and she helped him into her house. She wanted to help him, but when he told her she was the reason he was so distracted, she was shocked. This girl was a good neighbor, and she wanted to make him feel better. So she pulled out her boobs and let him touch them. But one thing she wasn’t counting on was that his hands would feel so good on her nipples. He played with her, and with every movement he made, she got wetter and wetter. So the girl dragged him into her shower, got naked, bent over and stuck her big bubble ass out at him! Wasting no time, he slammed balls deep in her warm pussy and just started pounding away. Even though she was so nice and sweet, she was a little freak in the sheets. His hands reached up and grabbed her big natural tits. He wobbled them and smashed them together, slamming into her from behind. Sex with his wife never was this good or felt this intense.   He realized he could fuck this busty teen babe however he wanted. He was watching her for a while now, and he was jerking off with an image of her tits in his mind. But now he got to fuck her like a slut, until she begged for more. He rinsed her off and dragged her back to her living room. Her gorgeous tits were jumping all over the place as she rode him. Sexy naked girl moved her hips slowly at first. He could see it in her eyes that she wanted to make him crazy. But he already was. He was on the edge, but he was not about to let her win. This busty slut deserved to get railed and covered in cum. He got her on all fours and bent over her couch. Her pussy was right in his face, and he wanted to taste it. So he grazed her slit with his tongue, and she went nuts. He pushed his dick inside of her and kept fucking her, making her tits and ass bounce. This blonde slut didn’t know what she was getting into. This beast of a guy fucked her so good. She knew she was about to call him tomorrow and have him drill her again. But he kept going, holding her big tits with both hands, his dick was harder than ever. She was so close, and as she was cumming he let go and filled her tight pussy up. He unloaded hard in her pussy, and made sure it went deep. He thrust back inside of her a few times to ride out his high.