I kept seeing my new stepmom walking around the house naked. Once I stumbled upon her in the kitchen, holding a small towel to hide her curves. Before she covered, I saw she had a banging body, a tiny waist, huge boobs, and a perfect round ass. The next day I found her lying on a sofa, naked again, rubbing her always-horny pussy! I could see she was desperate for some hardcore action, so I walked in and suggested I help her relieve the tension. Her large pierced nipples were staring at me, inviting me to put my hands on them. She let me play with both her boobs and her soaked hole, making her cum on my fingers. I thought she would let me cum in her too. But she told she would let me fuck her between her legs. I didn’t understand what she meant. So she got fully naked and placed my hard cock between her thighs. I fucked her legs until I sprayed her tight ass with my creamy spunk! Finally, one day she couldn’t resist my charm. She got down on her knees and started working on my shaft, licking and blowing it slowly. I groped her tits with both hands, pinching her nipples and squeezing her. Then my naked stepmom lay on her back and spread her legs wide. Wasting no time I moved between her legs, and slid the full length of my cock into her. I fucked her missionary style, watching her play with her hooters. She turned around and I spanked her juicy ass. Her moans became louder while I used her slutty hole without mercy. Next thing you know, the hot naked babe climbed my dick, riding it hard and wild, while I enjoyed the look of her bouncy tits in front of my face. She kept going, impaling her pussy on my throbbing rod until her pussy started pulsating in an orgasm. The sight of me fucking my beautiful stepmom, the sight of her natural big tits heaving, bouncing, and careening in every direction and hearing her moans as she got off was soon too much for me. I loved the way she kept smiling, giving me a naughty stare while I fucked her. I grabbed her tits with both hands, squeezing them hard. I sprayed my warm spunk all over her curvy body. 