She was too excited and maybe a little bit scared. She jumped on her steobrother’s bed to sit beside him. ‘My boyfriend wants me to try anal’ she blurted it out. He looked at her, a little shocked and confused. All her girlfriends had been fucking in the ass and now her boyfriend wanted to try an anal sex with her too. This gorgeous blonde was too excited to keep this to herself. ‘I have fucked many girls in the ass stepsis! Would you like to be my next anal conquest so you will be nice and dilated for your boyfriend?’ This little slut jumped on him, kissed him, and slipped her wet tongue past his lips. He was startled at how easy it was to get her to sit on him and make out. She knew that this wasn’t so wrong. They were only step-siblings. They were nothing really, just flatmates forced to share a house. Both of them stopped overthinking this and let their urges take over their bodies. His step sister pulled his pants down quickly, only to reveal his huge, hard dick. There was no time to admire it, so she wrapped her slutty mouth around his tip. She sucked it hard, and he rolled his eyes at her every movement. She’s good at this. She went deeper and deeper, swallowing his dick inch by inch. Her mouth was not enough now.   He was too horny and aching for her pussy. But he wasn’t the only one losing control, she was soaking wet, and her panties were see-through at this point. So he pushed her on all fours, tore off her panties, placed the head of his cock at the entrance to her wet cunt and with one hard thrust he buried himself inside her tight hole. He pounded her hard and fast, making her beg for more. She wanted him to go deeper, harder and faster. His sister was a little slut who loves to be used, and he was using her just right. The sexy naked girl was on top of him now, riding his long, fat penis up and down. Her ass cheeks slapping down against his thighs every time she slammed down and took him deep into her cunt. Her pussy was dripping wet for him, and he could feel it. It was throbbing for him. But he promised to show her how to be a good little anal slut. He pushed her down on the bed while keeping her sexy ass up in the air. He went in gently, and his dick was so big for her little asshole. She begged for him to go harder, so he pounded her hard and fast until she couldn’t stop cumming on his dick. It was hard to believe that her brother’s big cock could fit in her cute little ass, she was so tiny. She felt his cock repeatedly ram deep up her ass and it was driving her insane with pleasure. He pushed himself hard against her firm ass and began spurting loads after loads of hot cum deep up her ass. Her boyfriend will need some lubricant after all!