Mia loves visiting her best girlfriend Alexia because she has a special relationship with her stepfather. The old pervert can use her pussy every day, anytime and anyplace, all over the hose, treating her like a free-use sex doll. He can really touch her pussy, lick her pussy and see her nude whenever he wants! Basically, whenever he feels an urge to put his dick in her pussy, he takes the tool out and starts fucking Alexia. It’s a usual, everyday routine for him to come over and spray her face with cum. Mia is intrigued – it’s no wonder since her friend used to tell her all about it, all the juicy and spicy details. The teen babes are in the kitchen, chatting about the countries they have visited, sharing experiences once the stepdad comes in. Mia, the sweet brunette, is sitting on the kitchen counter, small skirt up, legs open, no panties on. He kneels in front of her and dips his tongue right in her pussy! He keeps working her clit with his mouth while inserting one finger inside. The girl keeps talking with his stepdaughter. Now he approaches Alexia from behind, lifts her skirt up around her waist and slowly inserts his cock all the way in inside her pussy, then gently pulls it out all the way and then again inserts it slowly. He starts pounding her wet pussy from behind wildly while she does the dishes. Once again, the girls seem not to pay any attention to the guy’s shenanigans and keep chatting and minding their own business. In a few minutes he cums in her pussy, pulls out his cock, pulls his pants back on and then goes back upstairs like nothing has happened.   The girls are now in the bedroom, both laying on their tummies, chatting, while the dad pounds their pussies. Alexia is the first to get a rough pounding. Mia’s turn now, smiling and talking with her friend while he fills her hole with his man meat. The first time the girls seem to pay any attention to the guy is when he puts his dick in front of their faces. That is when the girls start slurping on it, taking turns shoving it deep down their slutty mouth. The babes spit on the cock, playing with the balls, moving the tongues up and down the shaft’s length. One of the girls now straddles the guy, riding the dick. Her friend is sitting on her stepdad’s face, rubbing the clit against his tongue. The insatiable Asian slut keeps impaling her narrow pussy on the dick, moaning loudly, enjoying every minute of it. Her friend helps her cum, licking her pink clit while the dick keeps fucking her slit. The naked girls play with each other’s boobies, exchanging wet kisses. Mia is now riding the dick, letting the dick ram her hole hard, while Alexia rubs her button. In a matter of minutes, Mia’s pussy is drenched, pulsating from an intense orgasm. Alexia is now getting fucked missionary. The daddy pulls out and sprays his warm cum on the babes’ cute faces. The naked girls exchange the jizz, kissing with passion. Mia is fond of this lifestyle – she keeps visiting every single day.