This blonde is horny all day long. She needs a dick up her tight pussy again, but her nerdy boyfriend is busy playing video games with his friend. She doesn’t give a damn and starts giving a blowjob to her boyfriend’s big rod. His buddy can’t believe what he sees, his friend’s girlfriend giving him head not paying any attention to him. She takes every inch of his dick in her throat trying desperately to make him cum, but he remains focused on the game. The hot blonde takes her panties off and starts riding her boyfriend’s joystick, her bouncy ass shaking while she impales her pussy hard. She gets so irritated by the stud’s behavior that she takes the joypad out of his hands, making a scene. Clearly, he wants to concentrate on the game. Furious, his naked girlfriend goes to the kitchen and starts flirting with her boyfriend’s friend. The dude can see how much she needs a cock, and gives it to her just to make her happy. Now she is blowing a cock in the kitchen. The blonde slut is on her knees, spitting all over the dick, making it hard and slippery. The guy puts the dick between her tits, titty-fucking her. She keeps playing with the guy’s dick until he sprays her boobs with creamy cum. ‘Is someone going to fuck me today, or what?!!’ The horny babe is back to her nerdy boyfriend, rubbing her clit in front of him. She can’t hold back anymore and she cums hard, squirting all over hhim, all ove rhis face, into his mouth. This is when he finally pays attention to her and starts fucking her missionary style, making her squirt once again. The babe spreads her legs to feel the dick deep inside the love hole. She rides the dick now, moaning loudly while enjoying the wild fucking. She has been horny all day, so all she needs is raw, intense screwing. Now she is on her knees, getting pounded hard from behind, begging the guy not to stop. She now faces the guy, riding his dick again, her bouncy ass shaking in the rhythm of the hot fucking. The stud takes the dick out and sprays her face with a stream of hot cum. 