I was walking past her bedroom, and I couldn’t help but look. Ever since my dad married this girl, I haven’t been able to stop thinking about her juicy ass. She walks around the house in the tiniest outfits, with her beautiful tits almost spilling out of her shirt. Maybe I had a crush on her. I stood there, at the edge of her bedroom. The most beautiful woman I ever seen was changing into sexy lingerie, and since I didn’t really bother that much to hide better, she saw me spying. She wasn’t that mad, but she did see right through me. I wanted her so bad, and she could tell. That’s when she started to tease me, even though she was getting dressed up for my dad, I could see that she wanted me too. In a second, she was on the bed, on her knees with her panties down. I was shocked, and I needed a moment to realize what was happening wasn’t a dream. She was such a teaser, but I’m going to show her what bad girls get. She was soaking wet on all fours, and my rock-hard dick was aching to get buried in her slit. This blonde was such a slut. Once my dick was inside of her, she was ecstatic. Her huge ass was jumping up and down on my dick, and I loved it. Her pussy was so tight, I couldn’t control myself, and I filled her up with my cum!   That caught her off guard, but I just pulled my pants and went on my merry way. Over the next few days, I caught my sexy stepmom trying to tempt me. She was in the kitchen, I think she was cooking something, but her outfit caught my eye. She was in her white lingerie. Her panties were almost see-through. I drooled a little, and she was so hot. She has a slim body with an ass that is perfectly round and firm! My dick was hard on the spot, and all I wanted to do was get her on the kitchen counter and drill her hard. The MILFy stepmom must’ve read my mind because the next thing I knew, she had her panties down, and her gorgeous ass was right in my face. I promised I wouldn’t say anything to my father, and I slid my dick inside of her. She loved it and pushed herself into me. She took my hand and pulled me into her bedroom. This blondie jumped onto the bed, rolled onto her back and spread her legs wide open in invitation! I wanted to fuck the shit out of her and nothing was going to stop me. With her pussy juice oozing from her lovely pussy she rode me like a cowgirl. I couldn’t wait to cum all over her face. My cum was coating her forehead, across one eye lid and her nose. She looked so beautiful with cum over her face! I had to wait for the next day for her to show up naked and then let me fuck her again. She was getting dressed, and she walked into the living room with her tits out. I teased her a little, but she was so horny she had her slutty mouth wrapped around my dick in no time.