The petite blonde is on the subway, unaware of her titty sticking from her skimpy top. A granny warns her about the fact, telling her to cover up. The blonde now accidentally drops her purse, and a big pink dildo falls on the subway’s floor! The granny picks it up and puts it on one of the seats. A handsome stud wants to help a damsel in distress, helping her pick her things up when she slips and falls on the pink dildo. The guy helps her impale her snatch on the toy while the granny enjoys the show. Suddenly, another guy enters the subways, dancing around once he sees the blonde teen almost riding a dildo. He takes his phone out and starts filming the action. The slut is so horny now she gets on her knees, pulls out the stranger’s cock and after a few strokes, sucks it into her mouth! Little slut doesn’t give a fuck about people watching! She just spreads her knees and starts squirting! She moans loud in the midst of a powerful orgasm, blowing the guy’s dick, gorging on it, taking every inch of it in her mouth. Her face is covered in drool, throat slime, tears, pre cum and the remnants of her makeup. Sitting is on the floor in the subway train she keeps licking his balls and gently sucking his testicles into her mouth. Looks like this commute is the horndog express and we’re all along for quite a fucking hot public sex show. Her heart-shaped nipples are now naked, and she rubs her clit, making herself squirt all over the floor. She is so petite, the guy lifts her tiny body, fucking her slit while holding her. The crowd keeps watching in awe. The couple just can’t seem to get enough of each other. The blonde is now holding on the pole, one leg up in the air, while the stranger rams her pussy. Once again, she is slurping on his large dick, jerking it and working her tongue up and down its length. In a couple of minutes, the stud is sitting while the blonde teen rides his dick. The granny and the other guy are still watching, now having an amazing view of the slut’s wet pussy impaling on the stiff dick. The couple does the standing 69, while the horny viewers keep enjoying the amazing sight. 