Three teen girls were going on a trip to France. But going there is not cheap and they need to find a sponsor for their travels. What the girls have to do is go from door to door to find somebody to help them out. They went to the neighborhood where all the rich people live and knocked on the first door. A mature blonde opened the door and welcomed them inside. The girls told her all about their all-female school and the trip they wanted to go to. And that just talking about the classes full of 18 year old schoolgirls and the young naked girls taking a shower together made her lesbian pussy melt. The teens felt it immediately! The little sluts decided to seduce her to get more mony for their trip. They could see the MILF was lonely and some girly company would do her well. And the girls were all cute and flirty, so the mature babe did not take a long time to be persuaded. One of the teen girls approached her and helped her get her tits out. They were so big, and the girls were so thrilled to be so close to them. They started grabbing it, all excited because they had a real woman there that would fuck them and pay for their trip. Her husband was away, and he wasn’t fucking her much, so it was an opportunity for everyone to get what they wanted. And the blonde MILF only wanted to get her pussy to orgasm.   As the three naked girls were playing with her tits, her pussy was getting so wet and excited. The ladies all took their clothes off to start this lesbian orgy. Everyone was so horny, and the naked woman sat aside as she watched the young gals play. They were licking and kissing each other, as the MILF lesbian was masturbating and enjoying the view. She couldn’t wait for the young lesbains to join her and make that pussy happy. And the girls were super excited to have a taste of mature cum. The MILF was in the center as the young naked girls surrounded her. Her pussy was hairy and so wet. One of the gals started licking her as the other was playing with her big clit. The third girl sat on her face and had her eat her out. The MILF didn’t have so much fun since her college days, and this lesbian party was much better than what her sugar daddy was giving her. The girls knew exactly what she needed, and she was ready to spend all her husband’s money on their trip. She also wanted to try each one of these young cunts, so she had the young naked girls lined up as she moved from one to another and licked all three wet pussies to show them how it was done. The MILF surely knew how to lick pussy and how to scissor the legs together and rub pussies. Nothing was off limits, including tongue fucking each other’s pussy while the naked girls were in the awkward piledriver position with their asses stuck high up in the air. The four hot lesbians didn’t stop playing until everyone had their orgasm. And the MILF provided the girls with all the money she had.