Her brunette locks were spread out on her pillow, her wrists were tied up, and her big juicy ass was in the air. She could’ve never said it out loud, but she loved it. He was right behind her, and he treated her like a dirty little slut which only made her wetter. Her short school skirt was pushed up all the way, and he took two fingers and pushed her white panties out of the way. He could see all of her, and he craved to taste her. The young teen girl had her white shirt unbuttoned so that he could see her juicy tits and hard nipples. She was so horny he could smell her desires. He slowly bent down and grazed his tongue over her pink slit. She moaned at the contact of his tongue with her clit. As if he could read her mind, he licked her faster. She was out of breath, and all she could mutter were simple and short words. ‘Faster! Harder!, Yes!’ This little slut adored the way he treated her. She didn’t care that she was not a good little girl right now. All she cared about was getting to taste him too. She begged and begged, so he let her out of her restraints. The girl jumped right up and wrapped her mouth around his cock. She sucked hard on his tip like she was trying to get to the sweet center of a lollipop. He slapped his cock against her sensitive nipples. She then slapped her juicy tits against his cock.   Schoolgirl kept ravenously sucking and licking his cock. He knew what effect he had on her, and he loved the fact that this slut was only his. But he was not about to let her make him cum. No, he wanted all of her. So he pushed the schoolgirl back on the bed, on all fours. He ripped her now see-through panties and pushed his hard dick inside of her. He went in balls deep, she was a good little slut for him, but he wanted to see how well she can behave. His thrusts were painfully slow, but she kept begging. Her tight little pussy squeezed him tighter and tighter, so he picked up his pace. Now he was railing her so hard, and she could barely get a word out. Squeezing her white soft ass checks with both hands he brutally pounded into her. His thighs slapping rapidly and rhythmically against hers. He let the naked shcoolgirl get on top of him and sit on his cock. She jumped up and down hard, her hips took control of her whole body, and she let it. She swayed and milked his cock. She could feel that he was close. But she needed more of him. She lifted her ass, and he thrust in her like it was the last time. He pounded her sweet pussy fast and hard. She was weak, and she came all over his dick. He pushed the naked girl off and to her knees so that she could take his big load on her pretty little face. Watch these tiny girls get thoroughly manhandled as they suck and fuck by the biggest cocks in amazing hardcore teen porn!