This guy was chilling at his friend’s house after a basketball game when his mother walked in after her own workout session. She was this breathtaking brunette MILF with curves that are out of this world. Thick and voluptuous, she has a pair of the most stunning, large, supple breasts and an ass to match. Not only that, but her curvaceous body was glistening in sweat, making her even more beautiful. Surprised to see her son’s friend after a long time, the hottie immediately approached him for a long and warm hug. Subtly, that got both of them going and they exchanged a couple of particularly spicy innuendos. However, her son was there so this sporty MILF went to the bathroom and jumped in the tub. Having such an amazing body, she couldn’t stop fooling around and messing with all the soap and bubbles. Her massive jugs were bouncing left and right as this mommy squeezed and caressed them. After a while, she calmed down, turned the jacuzzi on, lied back, and continued to softly play with herself. Her eyes were closed so she didn’t even notice her son’s friend coming to the bathroom, stripping naked, and hopping inside the tub, right next to her! It was his voice that finally made her snap back to reality. At first, the naked woman was acting all stern and tough. She was trying to send the guy away. However, he quickly noted how his friend’s sexy mom had left the door open, basically inviting him to come in. That was enough to soften her attitude.   One thing led to another, and the MILF ended up in his lap in the bathtub, lying and relaxing. Of course, he couldn’t resist playing with those huge melons and that got the MILF immensely horny so she turned around for a kiss. Just like that, his big, throbbing boner ended up between her even larger breasts and the mommy did her best to stroke it. Just a couple of seconds later and her luscious lips were all over the shaft and balls. The hottie loved having that big, hard, veiny and young cock inside her mouth so much she couldn’t stop slobbering on it. The guy even grabbed the back of her head and fucked her throat before returning the favor and rewarding the babe with passionate pussy licking. His tongue was all over both that shaved cunt and tight asshole when the MILF finally caved in and asked the guy to fuck her brains out. His hot naked friend’s mom was on her back, with her legs spread, and her juicy cherry effortlessly took that hardon all the way. He was going balls deep right off the bat, banging his friend’s mom and making her scream in pleasure. Missionary pounding turned into a doggy style drilling with her round jugs bouncing back and forth as she was being hammered. The harder he went, the deeper the mommy wanted it so she kept talking dirty and begging for more. The MILF came multiple times before receiving a fat nut all over her huge boobs.