Jazmin, a skinny 18 year old teen brunette, is tired of the unbearable heat in the apartment. Her grandpa keeps preaching to her about saving money instead of throwing it away on stuff like air-conditioning. There is nothing she can do but undress to her underwear. Looking at his granddaughter’s cute little ass he feels some kind of feeling down there. It has been a very long time since he had an erection. The teen girl goes downstairs to get her some cold water, showing off her tight ass in a red thong. Once she approaches the fridge to get some water, the old man suddenly feels an urge to grab her almost naked ass. She is reluctant to let him touch her but her grandpa makes her an offer that will grant her the chance to finally cool off. All she has to do is to get on her knees and show him her booty, let him look at her a little, touch her firm ass cheeks. What kind of grandfather gets an erection looking at his young granddaughter? An old pervert like him! Her jaw drops when he takes the pecker out of the pants, placing it in her petite hands. He must be so very, very pleased with himself! And since he has a hard on, why waste it he thinks. He asks the girl to stroke him a little bit. The girl starts to love the naughty action and spits on the dick, slowly shoving it up her mouth. After it’s all wet, the shaft enters the babe’s slit missionary style as the guy licks and nibbles on her perky boobs. The young naked girl is in control now, riding the old prick, facing her grandpa. She impales on the rod hard and fast as the pussy juices ooze down the shaft. Despite the petite frame, the brunette’s ass is well-shaped and bouncy enough to shake on the dick. She finally enjoys the fucking, being her slutty self. The cock-riding session continues, but the grandpa and his granddaughter now screws reverse cowgirl style. The old man has a fantastic view of the girl’s juicy ass! Once he is done fucking the little slut, he pulls out and empties his balls on her young pretty face! 