Ebony chick and her blonde girlfriend can’t keep their hands off each other. The girls are two horny students, using every opportunity they get to lick and finger their wet pussies. Both of them are gorgeous. Alina is a fit ebony girl with long legs, a couple of feminine tattoos, and perky boobs, while Slay is a breathtaking blonde with a banging body and a nice, round ass. The lesbians are wet again, making out while a nerdy-looking guy is in their dorm room. Once he hears them walking in, he hides under the bed, hoping he would be lucky enough they won’t see him. The girls get on the bed and start the steamy scissoring, rubbing their aching clits against each other. The girls’ moans become louder and louder as they both cum. The guy feels his shaft becoming stiff, and he can’t control himself anymore. Once the naked girls both reach an orgasm and are ready to get some rest, the horny teen guy gets out of his hiding place with a dick as hard as a rock. The chocolate teen is ready to fuck him and starts blowing his penis with passion while her blonde girlfriend is sleeping. Once she makes the dick wet and hard, she begins riding it, moving her hips up and down, speeding up. It’s been so long since she has had sex , his hard cock feels amazing! In a couple of minutes, she is on her back, getting fucked hard missionary style. The couple tries to stay quiet, but they are too horny, lost in the wild passion. Soon enough, the blonde wakes up and sees her lesbian girlfriend getting fucked by their nerdy roommate! Surprise surprise, she isready for some cock too! The blonde gets a taste of the stud’s schlong now, shoving it deep up her mouth.   The naked girls now take turns in sucking the dick, playing with it, and licking the balls. The girls take the cock deep down their throats, shoving the whole length of it inside, showing they can handle long rods as well as pleasure pussies. The blonde turn now to take the dick for a ride while her girlfriend slaps her tight ass. The blonde’s creamy pussy is so wet its juices drip down the length of the shaft all the way to the balls. She keeps playing with her ebony lover’s tits and clit, while busy riding the joystick. The Ebony babe now rides the cock reverse cowgirl style, letting her blonde babe rub her clit and nibble her hard nipples. Her juicy pussy gets some rough drilling again while her girlfriend sits on her face, making her put her tongue deep inside that cunt. The stud keeps pleasuring the sluts’ horny holes, exchanging wet and passionate kisses with both of them. Hot naked blonde babe turns around, getting fucked hard from behind, licking her girlfriend’s black pussy, making her squirm in an intense orgasm. The teen guy now pulls out and sprays the lesbians’ faces with his juicy spunk. The naked girls both start catching his cum, and what the can’t catch, they lick off his cock, and each other!