I never knew that this house-maintaining agency would send me an angel straight to my door! Little did I know that I would get an extra blowjob along with the main service! I opened the door and there she was – a sexy blonde with tools in her hands. What I wanted immediately was to show her my tool. The sexy teen babe started doing the work and I couldn’t look away from that cute ass dripping out of her shorts. My dick was getting all excited and I couldn’t control it anymore. The girl wanted to get off the chair and I made sure to grab that booty as I helped her get down. The slut was all flirty and I immediately knew she would jump on my cock. My pants were down and I took my hard cock out. The babe went straight after it. I put it in her mouth and let her choke on it as she was sucking me. It felt so good to have my dick inside this little whore. I couldn’t wait to shove that thing into her other hole as well. I wanted to see her tits, so I opened her shirt and saw a nice set. I started kissing and grabbing them as she was impatient for me to fuck her. But I shoved my dick deep down her throat once again as she was gagging. I wanted to see that teen pussy, so I took her shorts off. She had a nice ass and I kissed it before she got on the couch with her legs wide open. Her pussy was shaved and I wanted a taste of it, so I started licking it. It was warm and delicious. I was eating it to prepare it for hard nailing after it. Her flexible legs were split and thrown so far back over her dainty frame and it was time I pushed my dick inside her. I just looked at her beautiful pussy, fucking her deep and hard. She hold her split wide open, revealing the big fat clit for me as he thrust deep and hard into her. The naked girl wanted to be on top, so I let her jump on me and ride that dick. I loved her sweet pussy and I was going hard in and out of it. I was holding onto her ass as she was screaming for more. After an hour of fucking and me cumming all over her face, I tipped her and tried to remember what other things need fixing. 