It gets lonely in the house when the wife is away. Her husband is horny all the time and all he wants is to shove his cock into a warm cunt. His stepdaughter is always doing some work around the house and he loves to watch her. The teen is so hot with her huge tits falling out of her shirt. The girl is even hotter than her mom, and her young pussy is so tempting for the old man. As she was in the kitchen, doing the dishes, the stepdad decided to give her a big surprise. He got behind her and shoved his old dick deep inside the girl’s young pussy. He started hitting her hard as her amazing big all natural tits were jiggling. The girl didn’t pay any attention to him, she kept doing the dishes as the man was doing her like a whore. He buried his dick deep and came in her pussy, unloading spurt after spurt of cum in her, so good! Everywhere the girl would go, the horny stepdad would just appear out of nowhere and fuck her. Even when she was sweeping the floors, the dad would get behind her and do her hard as she kept cleaning the house. He knew she never wore panties, so he would just lift her dress and start hitting her. Her tits were so huge and he loved to put his head between them and kiss them. He would always cum inside her pussy, but he wanted to splash her slutty face this time. Daddy was so proud of his new stepdaughter as she would let him destroy her pussy anytime he wanted.   The little bitch lured him into the bedroom the second her mom went out of the house. She was already naked, inviting her daddy to take her and fuck her good. Her pussy was shaved and wet, eager to get that dick deep inside it. The young busty naked girl looks so hot on her back getting fucked like the little fucking cock tease she is. Her amazing tits were bouncing wildly as he relentlessly drove his cock into her. She got on top of him and started slamming herself up and down on him. Her gorgeous tits were jumping up and down as she bouncing up and down fast. He got her in the doggy, shoving his dick deep as his balls were slapping against her fat ass. Her ass was in the air and her big tits were swaying and hanging down, and he was holding her ass while he fucked her. He pounded her hard, slamming his cock deep into her, but she wanted more. He had her in every position and he adored holding onto those fine tits as she was screaming. He was close to finishing, so he pulled his cock out and had it explode all over her slutty face. She swallowed some of it and licked the sperm as she loved the taste. It still wasn’t enough, so she had him do her in the gym after a sweaty session.