Two brunette babes who share a room look like twins. Both girls are gorgeous, with long dark hair, huge round boobs, and a fit figure. One of the ladies dates a big-dicked stud. He tends to be confused around the girls, unable to distinguish his girlfriend from her friend. Not only do the brunettes look the same, but they usually wear similar or matching wardrobes. What a mess! One day, one of the girls undresses, ready to hop under the shower. He watches the girl’s banging ass while she gets her body wet and slippery. He can feel his penis become stiff and decides to surprise her wet pussy, thinking it’s his girlfriend. He gets naked, hops under the shower, and starts fucking the girl from behind! But, guess what – it’s not his girlfriend. The brunette knows she has been mistaken for another person, but she doesn’t give a fuck. She has heard her friend screaming in pleasure while he screwed her, so she has been fantasizing about getting a piece of his cock lately. Her pussy got some wild pounding from behind, and it felt amazing. Once he pulls the babe’s hair and she turns around, he realizes the mistake has been made. She is a slut craving his manhood, so she gets down on her knees and starts giving him a nice and sloppy blowjob. He is reluctant at first, but his dick is still rock hard. The hot brunette knows how to make a penis stiff, licking the tip of it, playing with the balls, enjoying every minute of it. He finally gives in and starts face fucking the naked babe fast and hard.   They now go to a bedroom, where they continue the wild action. She just can’t get enough of his dick fucking her mouth, shoving it all the way up her throat. She turns around, and he rams her pussy, spanking her bubbly ass, groping her huge hooters. He keeps screwing the brunette, occasionally forgetting it’s not his girlfriend. The girls look identical – even their pussies feel the same. He puts some oil on the slut’s round ass, enjoying the view of the gorgeous babe’s booty and back while he continues fucking her doggy style. Hot brunette moves her hips, impaling her slit deeper onto the shaft, speeding up. She turns around now, getting pounded missionary style, rubbing her horny clit. The view of her oiled up and glistening boobs is beyond this world. The tits are so big but yet so firm, not moving an inch while the stud fucks her. The stud enjoys grabbing the hooters, playing with the hard nipples. Her eyes tell him not to stop, so he keeps drilling the brunette’s tight pussy with all his might. He feels the babe’s pussy pulsating around his swollen manhood as she reaches an orgasm. He takes the dick out of the slit and sprays the girl’s giant boobs with his spunk! He takes his cum covered and pushes it in her pussy with one quick stroke! He keeps fucking her intensely so intensely that she is screaming for him to keep cumming all over her. It’s all cum and games… until they get caught.