This gorgeous redhead teen got the house all to herself. Her legs were well shaped and her figure was in terrific proportion. Her tits were a nice double handful and they bounced and jiggled wonderfully as’ she moved. Her legs were shapely like her ass. Her pussy was clean shaven! What a babe! She walked around her living room in her pink underwear and knee socks. But she wasn’t patient. Her pussy was throbbing, so she undressed, lay down on the bed, and spread her legs. She could feel her juices running down her legs. The sexy naked babe took her hand, grazed over her neck, her cleavage, her hard nipples all the way to her swollen clit. He walked into her room, and there she was. With her pretty legs open and her pussy lips spread. He took off his pants and walked over to her. He was hard already, and her pussy was calling out to him. He pushed his penis into her sweet pussy, the feeling of his hard throbbing cock inside her body was amazing! He felt her tight pussy clench tightly around his cock and it drove him over the edge. He began to cum inside her beautiful body, one thrust, another one, wave after wave filled her up. The feeling of his hot cum inside her pussy made her cum too! The white semen oozed out of her slit and down to her asshole. There was so much but she wanted more! Busty naked babe climbed on top of him and began milking his cock for more of his sticky cum. The cum slut was soon rewarded with the feeling of his cock pumping yet more cum into her. She loves the feeling of his warm sticky cum in her well fucked pussy! He kept fucking her. Her hips stood still, and she let him pound her hard and fast. There was so much cum you could hear it sloshing as they fucked. She was craving his cum, and she could feel that he was close again. This little slut was crazy for his cum, and she got on her knees and let him stroke his big, cum-covered cock and cover her pretty face with his cum. But she wasn’t done with him yet, she needed more. Hot busty redhead babe grabbed him and begged him to fuck her pussy from behind until cum squirted out of her cunt.  