I always wanted to learn to play chess, so I met this chick in the park who would teach me all the rules. Little did I know that this babe was sexy as hell. I couldn’t look away from those big tits as she was trying her best to teach me how to play. Just looking at her beautiful breasts I could feel my cock got so hard in my pants. I couldn’t focus on the game! But this slut was horny as well. She was teasing me with those lovely naked tits, and all I wanted was to get my dick between them. No one was around, and the girl lifted her skirt to show me her pussy. That bitch had no panties and I could see that her little pussy was trimmed and really wet. It was craving something big in it that would destroy it for good. I took a chess pawn to stimulate that pussy under the table. She really liked chess, but she never knew how much fun her pussy can have. I pushed the pawn inside her wet pussy and she loved it. My dick was going mad, and she was impatient to see the thing. The girl got under the table and took it out of my pants. She was crazy, and I let her do the job. She loved how big it was, so she started licking it, swirling her tongue all over the head of my hard cock. It was so good, but she wanted me to nail her like a whore!   We went between the trees and the girl wanted me to fuck her standing. I got behind her, pulled her dress up, she spread her cute little ass with her hands and I shoved my cock inside her! God it was hot and tight. When I was in I paused, savoring the feeling of my cock buried in her pussy. I kept filming everything, my own amateur porn video, because I knew nobody would have believed me. Her wet pussy was so tight, and I wanted to make a real mess of it. I was nailing that bitch against the tree as she was moaning, not caring if anyone would see her get stuffed like that. It was not enough for her, and she wanted to ride some more. I got on the ground, and the naked girl got on top of me. She was riding that cock, squeezing my cock with her vagina muscles. I wanted to splash that little whore’s face with tons of cum. But you can’t finish off a skank without giving her the doggy nailing. And this one loved it hardcore style. I was hitting that soaked cunt deep as I was getting ready to cum all over her. She kept moaning as I was giving her the fuck of her life. She was grabbing her sweet ass as I was still going deep inside her pussy. I couldn’t wait any longer, so I filled it heavily until a load of cum started dripping from that destroyed twat. I didn’t learn chess much, but I liked the game.