These two dashing brunette babes have recently broken up, but they were still sharing a house. As a result, the girls couldn’t avoid each other all the time. At one point, they got into the conversation, and the slender brunette started asking her busty ex about a date that she’s been on. It quickly turned out that the date went horrible and that the busty hottie wanted for the two of them to get together. The slim chick was surprised, considering she was cheated on, but her ex promised she was ready to do anything. That was more than enough of a spark to get the ex-girlfriends going. The petite cutie ordered her cheating ex to strip naked and bent her over a bed. She buried her face between her ass cheeks, sucking her pussy lips into his mouth. But she was also as interested in that tight asshole! Her lesbian girlfriend cried as she felt tongues licking both her holes. The naked girls quickly transformed into sex-hungry sluts! Still dominant, the slim brunette placed her girlfriend on her back to have one more taste of that cunt before crossing legs with her for passionate scissoring. Just like that, they both started tribbing vigorously, vigorously grinding their clits together, moaning and screaming in pleasure! OMG this is one of the best lesbian scenes ever! From there on out, there was no stopping them. The longer the lesbians went, the harder they fucked. At one point, scissoring turned into a sixty-nine oral. Busty beauty sat on her ex’s face and shoved two fingers inside her cherry. The other girl was now screaming in pleasure while licking her babe sloppily. She was so hot and excited and she started to squirt! After a while, the two grabbed a vibrator to help them spice things up even more. The busty one was also a squirter, which made things even messier. The naked girls took turns squirting. One orgasm after the other, her pussy was oozing yet the duo wouldn’t stop with intense fingering and passionate lesbian scissoring. Amazing lesbian scene from the beginning to end. 