Superball is everyone’s favorite and my MILF stepmom is making sure to perform all their usual traditions to ensure that the Cowgirls win the match. Every year, she gives me a special treat that brings me good luck. This mom is really hot and her huge tits always give out luck to people. The blonde was in her hot outfit, going around the house and teasing me to get me all excited. I knew what was coming as it happens every year. I would bang the shit out of my dad’s hot girlfriend. The stepmom looked like a whore in her denim shorts and almost transparent top. She let her big tits out to tease me some more. She removed her panties and spread her legs to show off her mature shaved cunt. Her finger was going over her clit as I could feel my dick rising in my pants. I could see how much she loved playing with young dicks. My father would fuck her every day, but she could never have enough of it. My horny stepmom got on her knees and took my dick out of my pants. She smiled sultrily at me, and maintained eye contact as she slowly ran her tongue around the head of my cock. It was big and I wanted to push it deep down her throat until I saw her choke on it. A slut like this one deserves to choke on a hard cock. Then she pressed her tits around my cock and slid them up and down’. She fucked my dick with her tits!   I couldn’t help cumming in her mouth that quick! My hot naked stepmom was on the floor, drawing my cum out of my cock, swallowing me deeply. I filled her mouth repeatedly! Later I saw her in the kitchen doing the dishes. She wanted more! She was naked! She only had an apron and nothing else. Her fat ass was making me horny so much. The MILF got on the counter and spread her legs.  I stood there, looking at her wide-open pussy. The inner lips were visible, wet and pink. I placed my finger in her pussy to feel it. It was so wet and warm. It was craving a good fuck. I grabbed my hard throbbing cock, slammed it balls deep into her and started pumping franticly. I nailed her hard! Soon I was cumming in her cunt. I continued to thrust into her, giving her more and more, till my cum began to leak out of her pussy. Later in my room she wanted to blow me again. My stepmom rolled onto her back, hanging her head over the edge of the bed and took both my scrotum in her mouth. I was banging that pussy as I was playing with her big ass. The way she can ride a cock is awesome with her plump ass bouncing. If only my dad knew what a whore she was. She was riding me all day long and screaming for more. Only experienced women can have sex like that! I splashed her face with loads of cum before I fucked her all over again. The game was never better after it as my balls were empty.