This brunette was working really hard to keep her man. She got a trainer to keep her waist slim, and her ass and tits big. She has the perfect hourglass figure, and all she needed from her trainer was a little push. So the girls had their sessions in her and her husband’s house. The brunette got super sweaty and when she got to her room, her husband was on her bed. He was horny, but she needed a shower. But when she got in the shower, her sneaky blonde trainer walked into their room. She liked her husband since they met, and when she saw him with his dick in his hand, she couldn’t resist. She crawled up to him, grabbed his cock and began sucking it deep into her mouth! The man couldn’t believe what was going on. The naked girl now climbed on top of him. She just impaled herself on him and began to ride his cock like a woman possessed. Her orgasm produced an unexpected effect, she began to squirt helplessly! Her cunt was stuffed by his cock, causing the liquid to force its way out like a mostly covered garden hose on full blast. He pulled his cock out and watched as jet after jet of fluid gushed from my her thoroughly fucked cunt. She was squirting pussy juice all over the room, high in the air, one squirting orgasm, two, three…! But his busty girlfriend soon came out of the shower, catching some bitch squirting all over her husband! She was mad, but when she looked at the situation a little better she realized how horny she was for both of them. So she let the slutty blonde suck her boyfriend’s dick while she watched. She used her sexy feet to help her jerk him off. He drilled both naked girls and made them squirt all over the place. He fucked them so good they couldn’t stop moaning and screaming for more. The brunette was lying down on her stomach, and the blondie was lying on top of her. He stuck his big dick in his girlfriend, then in the blondie. The girls begged him to go faster and harder. They needed to cum for him. He fucked them from behind and covered them in his big load. All three were so exhausted and over the moon in their orgasm-high. 