I spotted my beautiful girlfriend out in the backyard. Her tight little body looked amazing in a blue bikini. I got horny just by looking at her half-naked body. She has been a bad little slut today. Her legs were up, and her pussy was stuffed. Now that’s not nice, that is my job. She grabbed the hem of her underwear and moved it aside once she saw me approaching. I pulled the remote for her vibrator out of my pocket, and I slowly pushed on the button. This blondie was squirming right in front of my eyes and I loved it. I stopped the vibrations to let her sand up, so we can move this to the bedroom. But I only let her take a couple of steps. My finger was on the ‘on’ button again, but now she was on the floor. She was shaking and shivering with orgasm. She couldn’t take it, so I carried her to the bed. Her position was really excellent for maximum pussy and ass ogling as she arches her cute little ass up in the air. Her vagina and her anus repeatedly flexing and clenching with her orgasmic contractions. Her pussy looked so beautiful. It glistened with her sweet nectar. I began sucking her sensitive clit into my mouth. She squealed. At first, she tried to push me away. I licked her from her clit to her asshole. I sucked on her labia until they were stretched to the limit. After I made her cum in my mouth she got on top of me. She slide her mouth down until her nose was touching my pubic hair. I always knew she was a slut, but today she was something else. She let all of her walls go, and made me cum so hard. My hot naked babe climbed on top of me, reached down and guided me into her. My cock was hard pressing up into her, filling her insides with my manhood.   Staring into my eyes, she smiled, squeezing my cock with her vagina. She rode me like a queen of cowgirls. When she sat on me, I could feel her walls inside of her squeezing me harder. I grabbed her ass and she squealed in delight, cumming non-stop. I almost came too, but I held on. So I grabbed her tiny figure and flipped her over. I slid my dick inside of her shivering pussy and I pounded her so hard. Now she was mine, and only mine. Her pretty little pussy had no idea what I was about to do to her. She was moaning and screaming, having another orgasm. My girlfriend’s biggest turnon is the creampie and I was more than obliged to give it to her. I slammed my cock up into her as far as I could with each thrust filling her pussy with my semen. Her pussy was suddenly flooded with warmth. But she wanted more of my cum everywhere. She rolled away, shaking with orgasm after orgasm. She is a nasty little angel, and I knew how much she loves getting fucked until she is in the pool of my cum. She climbed on top of me again, and she rode me harder and faster this time. She was sopping wet from her orgasm. Her sweet ass was grinding on me, and if I closed my eyes I felt like I was in heaven. She was having one big orgasm after another all over my cock. Her perky tits were on my face, and her tight pussy milked my cock! I almost swooned as the pleasure became almost too much. For my babe, it is never enough. She needed more. More cock, more pleasure, more cum!