It is laundry time, and curvy ebony goes around the house to pick up the dirty clothes. As she looks for the dirty laundry, she finds her underwear with some sticky cream all over it. She isn’t sure what it is, so she licks it to check it out. It tastes sweet and she sure wants some of that. When she enters her roommate’s room, she finds Jordi half-naked with something big covered with a sock. The girl removes the sock and sees a huge cock straight as an arrow. She’s both shocked by the display and impressed with the size of his cock; however, when she pulls off the sock to inspect it, all the cum it contains spills onto her face! She rushes out of his room as the naughty boy slaps that fine ass. Jordi follows her into the laundry room, where he finds the girl on her knees as she puts the clothes into the washing machine. He can’t resist that black pussy, so he takes off her shorts to dip his cock into it! It is so wet and freshly shaved. And it is clear the girl loves his dick and she lets him ride her like a slut. I love these sets where the babe continues to get fucked whilst doing chores. He finishes her off as he leaves her to do her chores. Once the machine is finished, he comes back to the slut to give her more of his hard cock. Her pussy is still wet and she dips his fingers in it to tease the whore. Again, he has her in the doggy and after fingering her he pushes his cock inside that Ebony pussy. Her saggy tits are hanging down as he nails the babe with all he’s got.   Her sizzling good looks are complimented by huge tits, a round ass, and a love for submissive sex. She likes it hard and deep and he gives her exactly that. It is time for the slut to try out that white cock in her mouth. The guy gets down and she puts his dick into her mouth. It is big and she chokes on it as she gets it deep down her throat. Her big tits are a perfect spot for it, so she puts the dick between them to give her roommie some more stimulation. Unbelievable tits! He enjoys the titjob as her pussy goes fully wet. Jordi gets on the bed and the black naked girl jumps on top of him to get herself a wild ride. The slut shakes her big ass on the dick as she moans. She is working her pelvis p and down and in rough circles, in time with his cock-thrusts. All that cock riding is not enough for her hungry pussy and she craves more of it. And the dirty roommate loves to watch those jugs bouncing, so he gets over her and starts hitting her the hardest he can. The Ebony babe is screaming and he is preparing to unload a heavy splash of cum all over those saggy boobs.