My buddy and I were bored, so we went out to seek fun. We saw this hot chick with big tits across the street and we immediately wanted to meet her. We followed her as she was on the phone with somebody and it didn’t take us long to find out she was out of cash. That is when we realized that we could offer her cash if she showed us her tits. Boy, they were huge! We also had her flash some guys in the truck and we were amazed to learn those big things were natural. Those beauties were big and all natural! And we told her that we are doing some kind of an interview, but we had no trouble convincing this slut to go crazy with us as she fell for it instantly. It was clear that this babe was a filthy slut and one without money, so we decided to make her do the dirtiest things for which we would pay her. I was curious to know if she was shaved or not, but it didn’t take much time for her to lift her dress to show us a beautiful hairy cunt. There were no things that this pretty girl wouldn’t do for money. We took her to this backyard and my mate had his pants down. We asked her to suck his cock and she immediately went for it. She loved it as it was big and just as she was about to get it deep in her throat we heard someone, so we had to move to another place. We wanted to do everything with this whore. My friend was kissing her 32DDD tits as she was turning crazy horny. Now she just wanted to fuck. She pulled down her panties, bent over and spread her ass cheeks for us with her hands.   Her white panties were around her knees and she stood like that for a while exposing her asshole and her cunt. My buddy started licking her pussy and that asshole as she was moaning and enjoying the easy money she was making right there. Her pussy was so wet and she played with it as she sucked my friend again. This bitch was so hot when she was sucking. I found a chair and had her sit in it with her legs open. My friend started nailing this whore as my dick was going crazy in my pants. I couldn’t believe how far she would go! He started fucking that hairy cunt as I was looking at those big tits jumping. Yes, I’m a lover of women with beautiful large areolas! I wanted to hit her too. She wanted to go on top of him, so he got down on the floor when she jumped on his cock. Her soft breasts were now in his face as she rode him and he suckled at them, nipping at her nipples. They were both so horny and I enjoyed watching them fuck. She was going up and down his dick as she was so loud that all the people living near could hear her. But all she cared about was to cum and get the money we promised her, so she kept fucking like a whore. It didn’t take a long time before my friend’s dick was ready to cum all over her slutty face and her amazing tits. Who wouldn’t pay for a taste of her beautiful 32DDD tits, thick ass, and her juicy pussy?