This teen has known for a long time that her mom has been cheating on her stepdad with some dude. Once again her mother was cheating on her spouse leaving her with the possibility of being without a father figure again. The girl was sick of it. He had no idea that his new wife was fucking other guys behind his back. She liked this stepdad a lot and didn’t want him to leave them. In fact, she devised a plan to keep him for herself. The slutty girl wanted to use the chance and seduce the daddy while her mom was away. She finally told him about his wife’s dirty sessions and used the opportunity to comfort him. They were in the bedroom and the horny papa didn’t take much convincing. The girl fell into his arms and started kissing him. The teen girl had this naughty dream where her daddy was kissing her pussy, licking her clit as she was squirting. She had masturbated so many times thinking of that. He threw her on the bed and started kissing her whole body. His dick was going wild in his pants and as he was on top of her, she could feel the hard stuff in his pants. He wanted revenge, so fucking his stepdaughter was the perfect way to get back at the cheating whore he married. The girl was hot and he needed that young pussy. Daddy rushed to take her panties off and get that pussy out. It was shaved and wet and all it needed was some licking to get it all ready for a ride that was about to come. Her ass was so sweet so he dipped his fingers in it to see how deep they could go.   The young slut was so horny. He took it out and she put it into her mouth as well as his big balls. She was choking on it as the stepdad was enjoying it. Now she had every inch of his dick and his entire sack and both balls in her mouth. She felt the cum boiling in his balls so the little teen slut sat on top of him and began riding her stepdad. His balls were slapping against her cute ass while his cock was going deep inside her cooch. It was better than any of the boys she fucked at school. Fucking a mature guy was a whole new experience for this young slut and it was turning her on that he was her mom’s husband. She wanted him to destroy her and that is exactly what she let him do. And just like her mom, this bitch was an anal slut, so daddy wanted to have a taste of her fine little ass. Her legs were in the air as he pushed his cock inside her asshole and began nailing it hard. She looked amazing with her gapped ass high up in the air. He was rubbing her sweet cunt as he was destroying that ass. Daddy knew how to fuck her like a whore and she was screaming as she was getting closer to exploding. It was all messy and sticky after he was finished with her. After her stepdad filled her ass with cum she would be calling him boyfriend. Watch more videos! This taboo porn site focuses on family roleplay with plenty of step-sex!