His beautiful blonde girlfriend brought him home to meet her family. She was so excited for him to meet her mom and her grandma. But when they got there, she couldn’t keep her hands to herself. He looked so good in a shirt. Her family is not traditional in the slightest, and she knew that her mom will love her boyfriend. So they all walked into the living room, where there was a surprise for the blondie. Her best friend was there, the ebony, busty, and smoking hot best friend that she hadn’t seen in years. The girls hugged so tightly and went on to talk alone. They had a lot of catching up to do. So the dude stayed back with her mom and grandma, looking through the family albums. Her mom was a little more handsy than he thought she would be. Her hand started on his knee, but then as the grandma flipped through the pages, showing their guest the naked pictures of her daughter, her hand moved up. Soon she had a tight grip around his dick, and she jerked him off! He couldn’t believe what was happening but wanted to make a good first impression. After a sneaky handjob his girlfriend’s mom took off her shirt and showed him her amazing tits. He was a bit shocked, but the granny asked what he was waiting for and pushed his face onto the boobs. So he stuck out his tongue and grazed her nipples. The mom wanted to check how good her daughter’s boyfriend was at pussy.   The horny MILF was naked and wagged her naked ass like a dog wagging a tail. She spread her ass cheeks so he could see all of her. The granny just said ‘Dive in there!’ and pushed his head right in the nice round ass! Wanting to make a good impression the dude started licking her ass crack at full length, slobbering all over her pussy and tonguing her asshole. Now the naked woman wanted that hard dick in her mouth. Sitting on the couch next to granny she sucked his cock, swallowing it whole. Before he knew it, he was fucking his girlfriend’s mom and making the kind of first impression he never could had imagined. The sweet grandma took out her knitting kit, and let her daughter seduce the boyfriend. He fucked the MILF on the couch, while she was on all fours. His dick slid inside of her easily, her pussy felt amazing wrapped around his cock, and he pounded her harder and harder by the minute. Before he could say anything, the hot naked woman jumped up and slammed her ass hard onto him, forcing his cock into her twat! This mommy knew what she was doing, and with the grandma sleeping in the same room, she was hornier than ever.  All she wanted was to feel his cum on her. The naked mom got on her knees and took his dick in her mouth. She sucked him hard and deep, and she ended up with cum all over her face. She got up, gathered her clothes, and told him to take her nana up to her bedroom. He went upstairs to help grandma and find his girlfriend. But when he found his blonde babe, she was scissoring her ebony best friend! He was shocked, and the naked girls invited him in to join them. The grandmother was there to take a few pictures of the orgy!