Ms. Stone is a stunningly beautiful, 30 year old woman, with the body of a goddess, amazing breasts and a gorgeous face. This morning she wakes up feeling her slit aching for some love. She is sleeping naked, revealing lovely, succulent breasts and a shaved smooth pussy. Her hand caressing her nude body. She starts rubbing the button as soon as she wakes up, as her nipples become hard. The MILF has forgotten about a student who is coming to have a private class. The moment she hears him enter her home, the redhead beauty decides to have fun with him. She knows well that all these horny teenagers jerk their tiny dicks thinking about her. The boys used to ogle her tits, always exposed in some form of cleavage, especially when she is walking around the class-room jiggling them. Why not make happy at least one? Relieve him of his virginity and make him into a man! Ms. Stone hops into black lingerie and lacy stockings and goes down. This nerd has never seen a half naked woman in sexy lingerie. Not to mention that this is his teacher! She is standing in front of him, letting him stare at her body. Then his teacher sits in his lap. He is reluctant at first, but when she takes off the bra, he knows he won’t be able to resist the naughty teacher. He has been fantasizing about her tits many times. His naked teacher is kissing him, entwining her tongue with his, increasing the passion between them! He puts his hands on her tits, playing with her nipples while she looks down at him. She can feel his young dick become rock solid. Her large tits are at his disposal, so he nibbles the nipples, moving his tongue in a circular motion. His teacher seems to enjoy extended foreplay.   The gorgeous woman arches her back, pushing her big, soft-but-firm breasts firmly into his face. Then she slowly takes her undies off and lies on the table, revealing a glistening pussy to a horny stud! The virgin boy has never seen a pussy before. Her pussy was shaved except for the dark hair trimmed into a strip! He rushes to kiss it, lick it, taste the juices, play with the clit, moving the inquisitive tongue up and down. He has been dreaming about this moment for so long! Teacher’s turn now to please him – she takes his cock in her mouth, jerking it off and spitting on it. She is an experienced slut who knows that balls need some attention, too, so she licks and sucks on them. The lady is back on the table, now inviting him to insert his cock into her! He looks down at his dick in his very first pussy. He starts to move in and out, without taking his eyes off of her pussy and her big tits. The high heels and stockings are still on as the naked boobs bounce up and down. The guy picks up the speed, intensifying the screwing. His sexy naked teacher turns around, now rammed hard from behind. Once again the beautiful, slender naked woman arches her back and slams her ass back in time with each deep thrust her student makes into her. He fucks her forcefully, squeezing and pinching her nipples. She is in charge now, riding the dick reverse cowgirl style, moving her hips to impale on the young cock as deep as she possibly can. Her heavy, round, succulent breasts, red with his hand marks swing and hit each other. In a couple of minutes, the MILF cums, finally getting what she has been craving the whole morning. The stud wants more, so she turns around, now facing him, still riding the cock until she reaches an orgasm one more time. She can feel his dick will soon erupt in a wild desire, so she gets on her knees, welcoming a warm spray of the creamy jizz all over her face.