His wife, a bootylicious ebony MILF, has hired a teen girl to help with the daily chores around the luxurious house. He is a successful businessman, but it looks like he pays more attention to work than to her, leaving his sexy wife unsatisfied. On the contrary, the young blonde maid’s firm ass in tight shorts gets his attention! This morning, the girl cleans the floors when the man approaches her from behind, looking at her cute little ass. That is when his wife enters the room and starts arguing with her husband. She is so jealous – he pays more attention to this girl than her, his loving wife. She goes to the bathroom, feeling horny, she undresses in front of a mirror and takes a big dildo. She wants to relax first, so she gets in the shower, soaping up her curvy ebony body. While in the bathroom, the MILF starts shoving the toy deep inside her chocolate pussy. The maid accidentally bursts in on the ebony sex goddess masturbating in the shower, and her pussy becomes drenched instantly. When the MILF offers her some money, she willingly accepts the proposal to have some fun with her. The naked girls share a double-ended dildo, fucking hard, cumming together all over the thing. The lesbian couple now takes action to the bedroom, wildly scissoring, rubbing the juicy pussies against each other. It’s incredible how hot they are, pleasuring their horny twats, as their screams become louder. They are bucking, fucking, rubbing, grinding, banging their clits against each other.   Once again, they take out the dildo. The black naked woman is on her knees, fucking the toy doggy style, as the petite blondie is on the other side of the thing, taking it up missionary. Fooling around intensifies as the girls both lay on their backs, their nice feet against each other, as they move the hips up and down, impaling on the long fake penis. The ladies seem to cum at the same time, rolling their eyes. It’s one of the craziest lesbian scenes you have ever seen in porn! Meanwhile the husband is pissed when the maid is nowhere to be found until he finds her deep in his wife’s pussy. He enters the room, catching the girls fucking each other with a double ended dildo. He wants an explanation, but the teen girl can see his dick is already stiff as the couple argues. The naked girls give him a nice and long blowjob, licking the shaft while playing with the swollen balls. The blonde teen is the first to get a ride of her life, feeling her tight pussy stretch as the chocolate MILF rubs her button. The slender girl almost on her toes, he is thrusting so hard into her tiny body. Finally, the married couple gets to fuck. Black babe is pounded hard missionary style as the teen slut plays with her big, round boobs. He keeps fucking the shit out of the lesbians, moving from one pussy to the other! At the end he pulls out and sprays the girls with tons of warm, creamy spunk. Who cares if the maid is a slut if she can clean up all that cum with her tongue.