Gorgeous blonde Aery was looking for her next hook-up, and then she met this really exciting guy online. They chatted for a while, and things escalated quickly. He asked her to send him her nudes. He wanted to know how her face looks like when she comes. She didn’t know him but kept sending him her naked pictures and even a video where she sucked her coworker’s dick. She ended up giving him her address, and he sent her a butt plug. In return she had to make a video of herself with the sex toy in her asshole. Now she was even more interested in meeting him. She had passed the test and he finally gave her his address. The girl was so excited but once she got there his sexual requests escalated. The stranger told her to get naked and masturbate in front of him, show him her orgasm face. Very beutiful breasts, nipples, nipple circles, feet, thighs, booty, lips, pussy, and asshole! The heavenly beautiful and overwhelmingly sexy girl. After a masutrbation show he was ready to show her what hard fucking is all about! The naked girl did everything he said like a good little girl. She had her slutty mouth wrapped around his big and hard dick in no time, and he fucked her face. He wrapped a handful of her hair around his fist and guided her in pleasuring him. Her sloppy mouth was soon on his balls, and she couldn’t take it anymore. He pushed her on the couch and pushed his big dick inside of her, hard, deep, balls deep. “A fucking slut, a cum bucket, an ass whore,” she listed, each turning her on as he fucked her hardcore, giving her hair a firm tug. She was moaning, screaming, and begging for more. He pounded into her so hard that she couldn’t stop cumming. But he was not finished with her. He got her on the couch and fingered her until she was squirting. He grabbed her and pushed her over the table. He fucked her ruthlessly from behind until her legs were shaking. She got the best banging of her life, and when he pulled out his cock, she sucked him off again until his big load was all over her face, in her mouth, in her hair. She started dancing in front of him, naked, with cum running down her face. He was pleased with his new little fuck toy. 