This petite blondie was bored, and when she went to the living room, her roommate was playing VR games with her boyfriend. They thought they were alone, so he begged his beautiful ebony girlfriend to jerk him off while playing his game. But she was not in the mood. She left to open the front door, and the horny teen took this opportunity to get with the guy. She has had a crush on him since the second she saw him. Cute teen sat on the couch beside him and unbuttoned his jeans. She took his hard cock into her tiny hands and moved it up and down. Her roommate caught her, and she quickly ran to her room. Her boyfriend didn’t realize what just happened, and he continued with his game. The ebony girl joined the game with her own VR headset. A little teen slut watched from afar and seized her opportunity to fuck and suck her roommate’s boyfriend while she was distracted. She guided him to her room, pulled down his pants, and wrapped her slutty lips around his tip, pretending to be his girlfriend. She sucked him so good, he couldn’t believe that his girlfriend finally had learned to do it right. But when he took off his VR gear, he was surprised that the girl that had her lips wrapped around his schlong wasn’t his girlfriend! He was too horny to stop now, and he pushed the girl to the bed. She took off her tight shorts and kneeled in front of her. His tongue met her swollen clit, and she gasped. He gave her pink pussy a long deep tongue filled passionate kiss.   He licked her fast, and his tongue hit all the right spots. Teen girl couldn’t stop moaning, he was eating her out so good, and she didn’t want him to stop. He stopped and let her get on top of him. Teen babe slid down his big, hard dick all the way down and started moving her hips slowly. His dick was so big, and it barely fit into her tight little pussy. She was so wet, and he stretched her out so much. She loved that feeling, and every thrust of her hips brought her closer to the edge. He pulled up her legs and thrust into her faster and harder by the second. The young sexy girl was screaming and moaning, and they almost got caught again. His girlfriend went the other way, and he pushed the blondie on her side. He slipped his dick back inside of her pretty pink pussy and kept fucking her. Teen girl wanted to be quiet, but his dick was hitting her sweet spot, and she couldn’t control herself anymore. She moaned louder and louder with his every thrust, and he had to put his hand over her mouth. All she could think about was how she was so close, and she was aching to feel his cum filling her up. The teen wanted him to shoot his load into her and give her the biggest one he got. His thrusts were sloppy and slower, and he finally came in her. 