This stunning blonde was in her house when her landlord came knocking at her front door, demanding rent money. As you have probably guessed, she didn’t have money for her rent. She tried to avoid him, and she locked all of the doors in her house. But he found a way in through a window. The young jacked landlord decided to cut her a deal. If she sleeps with him once a week, he will forgive her for not paying the rent. The girl was skeptical at first, but she needed money. So they went to her bedroom, and he got down to business. At first he wnated to play with her tits. The girl had an amazing pair of boobs! All natural and so big and soft with large areolas. Then he gathered her pink panties between her pussy lips and rubbed the material against her clit. He pushed her panties aside and stuck his tongue in her slit. He buried his face between her thighs, sucking her pussy lips into his mouth, pushing his tongue between her labia and into her warm, moist channel. While he was performing cunnilingus on her, she was sitting on his face, squeezing her boobs with both hands. His cock soon replaced his tongue, and now she was on her back with legs spread wide open. He climbed on top of her and slid his dick inside of her. He pounded her hard and fast, watching her amazing big boobs shake. Sexy busty babe got up on all fours and stuck her juicy ass in the air, giving him the best view of her big bubble ass! The view of her ass was stunning. He fucked her so hard, she just kept cumming and cumming. Her ripe boobs were swaying back and forth as he pumped her cunt over and over and all she wanted was to feel his cum fill her up. But her jacked landlord kept going. He flipped her over and got her to ride him. Her gorgeous ass was twerking on his dick harder than ever before. Her heavy breasts bounced with her smacking down to her stomach. The hot babe continued to ride him until he was totally exhausted and came inside of her. She rode out her orgasm and climbed off of him, looking between her legs at his cum dripping out of her pussy and running down her legs. 