Whenever there is booze and hot chicks, I never reject the invitation. My new girlfriend invited me to celebrate Memorial Day with her two friends that I haven’t really met before. It was a pool party, so I was so excited to have fun with these girls in tiny bikinis. There was so much we could do together. Little did I know that it was going to turn into a hot foursome right from the start. When I arrived, the sexy girls were already having fun. I joined in and eventually, we all got in the pool. My girl and I were kissing, as her blonde friends were sharing the same vibe. I was getting so horny as I realized how it was all going to turn. I got out of the pool and my hard-on was ragging! When the girls saw it, three smiles crossed their faces. They dragged me into the house and they were all eager to play straight away. The girls were on the couch with their legs up, touching each other’s pussies as I was enjoying the view. It seemed that wasn’t their first time playing like that. They got to me and took my shorts off. All three little sluts wanted a taste of my cock, so they took turns blowing me. I closed my eyes and allowed myself to enjoy the sensation of three dainty feminine lips kiss my cock head at one time. I was so damn horny, and I couldn’t wait to stuff these sluts with all I had.   My dick was hard as a rock, and the girls were eager to sit on it. The skinny blonde wanted to try me first. She sat on top of me and started jumping gently as her friends were kissing her and grabbing her small tits. It was a nice warm-up of what was about to come. My girl was the next to jump onto me. I loved fucking that hairy pussy as I watched the other naked girls kissing her tits. The third girl, a sexy blonde babe, slowly impaled her bald pussy onto my rod. Her pussy was the tightest! I was so full of cum, and I wanted to feed them with my juice. The third one was so delicious, and I kept fucking her like a whore. They were thrilled as my cock was big and there was enough for all of them. The girls wanted me to keep going, so they all blew me once again to keep my mojo running. I wanted to go back to the blonde I like the most, so I had her on the sofa once again. My balls were slapping her ass as I was nailing her hard and deep and she was moaning so loudly. My girlfriend didn’t seem to mind it, so I kept fucking her slut friend until she was destroyed. Once I was ready to finish, the three naked girls opened their mouths so I could spray their faces with my cum. I took great pride in knowing that my cock had just granted gratification to three girls! The amazed look on the girls face when I sprayed their faces with cum was priceless!