This is not just another porn video, this is an interactive porn game that allows you to direct pov sex scenes. Of course I had to save this as a video for you, but you can download the whole game by the link. Well, you are a wedding crasher! You have to sneak into strangers’ weddings in a disguise and fuck as many girls from the wedding crowd as you can. Keep in mind you can get from 1 point for a waitress or staff member, to 10 points for cumming all over the bride! Managing to get into a threesome or foursome means bonus points! The wedding planner needs to make this wedding go without a hitch, so she is on top of everything, but you use the hectic situation and sneak into the house. You manage to enter the venue and now start the hunt, checking out all the ladies. The fun begins when you get into his shoes and choose your lines, making this porn a kind of an interactive game, where you have to play your cards right to get to bang the girl you like. As you become the character, it is up to you to decide which one makes your dick stiff. Anything from bitchy bride’s stepmom, sexy bridesmaids or teen waitress is at your disposal. All you have to do is play it smart. At first you choose to seduce three bridesmaids – one fiery redhead, a cute brunette, and a stunning blonde. You offer them drinks, and the girls happily accept. After a brief conversation, they take their panties off and promise to meet you later.   You got hold the bridesmaid’s panties, getting a pass to a more intimate scene with them later! In the meantime, you spy on the lustful waitress as she undresses in the backyard. Yes, she is not a real waitress, she is a copycat, stealing expensive things at weddings! To silence you the sexy teen has to fuck you. She has no choice but to straddle you and ride your dick as you enjoy the view of her firm titties. In a couple of minutes, the young naked girl turns around and impales on the shaft reverse cowgirl style, treating you with the view of her cute little ass. She picks up the speed as her tushy gets a good spanking. The sweetheart gorges on the dick now, taking the whole length down her throat, cleaning it from her pussy juices. The blonde waitress turns around and gets screwed, doggy style. The sensational view of her bouncy booty makes you wanna spank it even more, and the slut loves it. The naked girl bends her flexible body, letting you rub her wet pussy as she gives the rod another sloppy blowjob. The missionary style fucking suits the blondie since she can rub her clit, cumming all over your dick. When you are done fucking the waitress, spraying your cum all over her body, you go to meet the three bridesmaids. You get additional points for a steamy foursome, banging all of the bitches with gusto. Your quest to find more fuckable lady guests doesn’t stop. You continue the hunt, screwing almost every doll attending the wedding, including the most beautiful one – the bride!