My old man sure knows how to choose a whore. His new wife is a stunning brunette that loves to walk around the house in her lingerie. Ever since I met her, I have had wild dreams about her jumping on my cock. I couldn’t stop thinking about her amazing big tits and her firm ass, having a taste of that MILF pussy. One morning, as I was getting ready for school, I found her in the kitchen cooking my breakfast. She was so hot and I sat down to look at her naked ass. All she had on were her panties and a bra with her hooters almost falling out of it. My dick was getting harder in my pants, so I took it out to stroke it a little as my eyes were set on her gorgeous body. It didn’t take her long to notice what I was doing. My dad wasn’t around and she seemed curious to check out my thing. I invited her closer and she took my tool with her hands and gave it a nice little stroke. I needed it in her mouth, so she put the whole load in it and began sucking it. It was clear that she was a dirty little cocksucker. I was enjoying the blowjob as my cock was getting even harder. Mom was on her knees as I fed her with my jizz after she did me like a true slut.   It was a highlight of my day and got me horny for the next few days. I wanted more of it. She offered to help me with chemistry homework, but it wasn’t really productive as I had a set of big tits in front of my face. She was talking and I only wanted to shut her with a cock in her mouth. My dick was going to explode if I didn’t bang her. As daddy was not around, the MILF felt free to help me get my satisfaction. She took off her pants and revealed her fine ass. The bitch was horny as hell and she immediately sat on my cock and started her ride. I was enjoying the view of her ass as I had the hot MILF jumping on me. I came home after having gotten an F on the test, but I turned it into an A and reaped the reward of my mommy’s juicy pussy. This lady was unbelievable. Every time we were alone, she would just open her legs and invite me deep into her mature cunt. It was dripping and shaved all the time and I was going around horny all day, waiting for this wild ride. We fucked in every corner of the house and I loved it when she would just appear naked and sit on top of me. Mature women sure know how to ride cock! My dick would always treat her with heavy rains of jizz all over her. The last time I fucked her on the couch, she got me so horny and after banging that bitch, I let all the juice down her throat.