Two best friends were on the bed. Alina was showing her best friend Jade her big and long tongue. She was trying to do all kinds of tricks with it, while Jade filmed her making a viral video. She wanted to show her how her tongue was so long, licking her own elbow. Then she took off her shirt and try to lick her own nipple. However, when Jade asked if she could lick HER nipples, Alina was flustered. She’s not gay like Jade. Finally she hesitantly agreed and teased her friend’s nipple with her long tongue. Jade had had a huge crush on her for a long time and she decided that today was the day that she would go for it and take her chances. She suggested making things really interesting and asked her to lick her clit! Jade laid back on the bed and spread her legs wide in front of Alina. Her pussy was very tidy, she had a very nice little clitty and small but swollen lips. Although she’s not a lesbian, which isn’t a bad thing, anyway, Alina finally gave in for the views. Alina grazed over her friend’s slit with her long tongue. She started flicking her tongue all over the clit, making Jade moan loudly and beg for more. She had never licked a pussy before, but she found that it wasn’t that bad. Alina started tongue fucking Jade’s pussy, pushing her super long tongue as far as she could go, moving it in and out, in and out. This is one of the best lesbian pussy eating scenes ever! Despite claiming to be straight she kissed her best friend, and her best friend was kissing her back. The room got hot and heavy, and the sexy girls were making out. Alina took off her clothes. Jade followed her example. She climbed on top of her and started riding her friend’s face, rubbing her clit all over her pretty face. Then the naked girls rubbed their clits together, and Jade felt like she was on cloud 9. She moved her hips to meet Alina’s thrusts and it felt even better. Alina moved faster and faster until she was sure that her beautiful best friend was on the edge. She took her fingers and traced her entrance, which made her go over the edge and cum all over the bed. Alina moved her long tongue in and out of her friend’s pussy faster and faster until she came all over her face. 