I love spying on the naked girls as they sunbathed, secretly photographing them, and later jack off to those photos. This afternoon I went to the beach to try to find someone to entertain me. Just as I hit the beach, I saw her – a cute blondie with an orange bottom bikini, topless. She was trying to find a private place to get some tan. She positioned herself in the middle of the nearby bushes, serenely lying on a large towel. I approached her and took my phone. What a sight – long, sexy legs, cute feet, a perfect ass and a pair of firm boobies to top it of. After a couple of photos were taken, she saw me, got up, and started yelling at me. Naked girl got up, covered her tits with her hands, and demanded my phone. The moment she saw how hot the photos were, she changed the mood and invited me to put some lotion on her banging body. Dear Lord, was she a sight for sore eyes. As this goddess was lying on her back, I could see a long, intricate tattoo on her back as well as the little heart-shaped one on her ass. I massaged her natural curves, inspecting every nook and cranny, savoring the scent of her tanned skin. Soon enough, she lost the bikini, and I spread her buttock to take a glimpse of her pussy. It was shaved, tight, and wet. She got on her knees and started shaking that divine ass, inviting me to fuck her. I had never seen an ass more perfect! I stood there looking at the impossibly sexual, dilated hole between her fabulous, round, tight ass cheeks!   I didn’t hesitate but took the tool out and began pumping, screwing the horny tart doggy style. The nympho kept thrusting her hips to meet the cock, speeding up as her moans became louder. I was amazed when her pussy started squirting in a wild orgasm! I had only seen pussy’s squirt on porn and kept slamming my cock in and out of her gushing cunt faster and harder, over and over. Ohh fuckkk! The naked girl was now lying on her back, and I went in between her legs. I could see her nipples were small and perfect and her cunt so creamy it kept oozing the white sticky fluid all over my penis. A couple of minutes into the fucking, she squirted again. The next thing I knew, my throbbing stick was in her mouth, and she worshipped it. The slut wanted to be in control, so she straddled me and began riding the rod, again rubbing her pink clit. I didn’t have to do anything except watch her firm boobs and the pink pussy lips. Her sex drive was beyond this world. The hot naked babe kept squirting on my dick, her fit body twisting and shaking again and again. I wasn’t expecting her to get so wild, especially since I startled her with my rude interruption. It looked like she was waiting for this to happen. The tanned belle was fucking my brains out, and I loved every minute of it. She came squirting one more time, and then I sprayed my juicy spunk all over her round boobs and the shaved pussy.