He was having a very hard time since his wife passed away. He couldn’t sleep normally and his exhaustion kept driving him mad with each restless night that passes. His mind started to take him to dark places as his eyes lingered on his sweet stepdaughter. The girl was now all grown up with nice curves and a face just like her late mom’s. One night he asked her to sleep in her bed to be able to fall asleep. But his dick was going wild. He just couldn’t resist her sweet ass in her mother’s nightgown, so he started rubbing his cock against it. The girl immediately woke up and started panicking. Maybe, just maybe, if they could share one intimate night together, he would finally find relief. The girl let him to lick her tits. They were delicious and his cock was growing even bigger as he was reaching down for her young pussy. It was wet and delicious and he was eating it as the girl was moaning, feeling a tongue down there for the very first time. She was so lucky that her dad used to eat out her mom every night before sleep, so he was a licking expert. The girl was finally ready to see that cock. She wasn’t sure how to give a blowjob, but as soon as she had it in her mouth, she worked her way. And daddy wanted to see how deep it could go, so he shoved it all the way down her throat as she was gagging. Everything was drooling from her mouth as daddy kept pushing that dick further. All he ever wanted was to see his baby girl grow up, and now he had a chance to check if she was a real woman. He got down and the teen girl sat on top of her dirty stepdad. His dick went inside her, stretching her little hole out. The girl was screaming as he did her hard. Her pussy was soaked and she sat on his face to have him finish her off with another round of licking. His stepdaughter became a lustful slut that only wanted his dick to bang her hard and roughly. He gave her a few orgasms and every time she craved more, screaming like a whore. Finally, he was getting close to erupting! Her mom loved so much when he came in her mouth. Her daughter will love it too! 