Jimmy was in trouble. Every time their new maid, a hot MILF with a pair of amazing big tits, shows up to clean the house, he can’t turn a corner without getting a boner and cumming his joggers! He was crushing on her already, and how could he? She was sexy, curvy, and busty. Her body was out of this world, and as soon as he saw her with no panties under her dress bending over in the kitchen he came in his pants and rushed to his room. He was a horny teenager and all he could think about were the MILF’s curves and her perfect tits. She wished he could trace his tongue on her beautiful nipples and taste them. He closed his eyes, and his hand went to his underwear. But after a minute or two, another hand slapped his off. He opened his eyes, it was SHE. He was embarrassed that his maid caught him jerking off, but she assured Jimmy that it was totally normal to have a rocket in your pocket ready to blast off at any second. She pulled her skirt up and showed him how she hated panties and bras. She was fully naked under her dress! His face beamed with excitement. He was so happy to finally to be able to just look at her beautiful breasts instead of fantasizing about them. She moved her hand to her big tits and caressed them. She put her other hand between her legs and ran her fingers along her wet slit. ‘I want to see you cum as many times as you can’ she said. The hottest woman he had ever seen wanted him to masturbate in front of her!   The MILF wanted to watch that beautiful cock of his spurt cum through the air. She wrapped her hand around his cock. He was too excited and after a few strokes, he came high in the air! White ropes of cum shot out of his cock high up to the ceiling like a geyser! ‘I can cum four or five times, maybe more’ He proudly told her. The MILF was so impressed by that that she took off her dress and climbed on top of him. He spread his legs wider so she could see his balls. His six inches of hard cock looked so delicious. The naked woman first wrapped her lips around his dick and made sure his dick was wet and sloppy so she could easily slide down his cock. She moved her hips slowly, she wanted to feel every inch of his dick inside of her. She felt the kid was going to cum again and she decided to teach him how to control his ejaculation. She rode him, moving her hips up and down, slower and then faster, changing direction, going from side to side or in a circle. She got on all fours and told him to fuck her from behind. MILF could feel his big tip grazing her sweet spot, and she couldn’t take it any longer. His dick made her feel so good, and she soon came all over his dick. He let her come down from her high and he pushed her to her feet so that he could cum on her face. She opened her slutty mouth and waited for his spunk. ‘I want to see that monster cum again!’ she yelled!