The slutty bridesmaids love to fuck the uninvited wedding guest, YOU! This is an interactive porn game that allows you to direct pov sex scenes. You are still hitting on every girl that comes your way. Namely, you try to screw as many ladies attending the wedding as possible, giving yourself the points for every successful seduction. In the first part you fucked a sexy waitress, which turned out to be a copycat. After a couple of drinks, the slutty bridesmaids decide to invite you to a room. One is a stunning redhead, the other a petite brunette, and the third one a gorgeous blonde. The moment the girls enter the room, they are all over your dick. The girls take turns blowing your stiff cock, smiling and teasing. As one slut licks the balls, the other one licks the tip. The bridesmaids are in long silky dresses, but soon enough, the nymphos are fully naked. The cute brunette turns around and shakes her butt. The other two vixens kiss her buttocks while the you fuck her twat doggy style! The redhead spreads her pussy lips, letting the dark-haired cutie rub and suck on her clit. After her lady friend gets her all wet, the redhead now gets in the doggy position, ready for the cunt screwing. She gives the same licking treatment to the dazzling blonde. Your huge cock rams the third twat now. The girls are all up to the hardcore drilling. You want to fuck all the pussies, go back and forth from one pussy to the other. A foursome is a fantasy you have always dreamed of. Another sloppy blowjob is next, three naked girls tasting the pussy juices. They lick each others’ pussies, it is a beautiful sight and you allow yourself a moment to regain your composure before you chose a pussy to fuck. Yoy take a step back to look and admire the three perfect asses and pussy’s starting back at you.   You continue switching from one wet pussy to another, never spending more than a couple of minutes fucking the shit out of one pussy. Your cock wet and happy. The girls keep yelling at you ‘Fuck me harder. Give me that cock!’ Every now and then when you need a break, you take your cock out of a pussy and shove it into some girl’s mouth to suck. The naked girls sticking their holes up in the air for you so you can just move from one pussy to the next. The fiery nymph rides the shaft reverse cowgirl style, shakes her round booty. Once she cums, the other two whores ache for the orgasms too. The fair lady rides the shaft next, and the ladies help her reach the big O in a matter of minutes. The sensational foursome ends with three pulsating pussies, satisfied by your rock-solid rod. You fuck these hot naked girls until you feel like you are too close to cumming to go on. The sweethearts rush to their knees and eagerly wait for your huge penis to spray jizz all over their faces. In the end the bridesmaids finally push your over the edge and swallow all of your huge ropes. The naked girls are satisfied with your production and eagerly clean your cock with their tongues. You still need to fuck the bride’s stepmom, the bride’s slutty cousin, as many waitress as you can and get 10 points for fucking the bride! Are you ready to be the Wedding Crasher? Download the game by the link and enjoy!