His stepsister seems to be completely absorbed by her phone. She keeps looking at her phone all day long and doesn’t seem interested in anything. The dude tries different things to connect with her until he finds that there is a part of her body that is still sensitive to external stimuli. In the living room, sitting next to his sister on the couch, he just puts his hands over her shorts. He feels a soft pussy down there and he keeps rubbing it as the bored girl doesn’t look away from the screen. Later in the kitchen he pulls his cock out of his pants, takes his stepsister’s hand and puts it on his cock to make her stroke it! He helps her to stroke his cock with one hand and pinches her nipple with the other. Their mom is making them breakfast as if nothing special is happening. She is happy that her stepson has found a way to connect with her daughter. The dude, meanwhile, pulls down his sister’s shorts to take a better view of that cunt. He is all ready to nail that bitch down, but first, he wants a taste of that pink twat. The boy begins licking the slut, spreading her ass cheeks wide with both hands. He licks the length of her pussy with his tongue, bottom to top, her juices on his tongue just whetting his appetite. There is another hole right there for him to lick. He pushes his tongue into her asshole, slowly runs it from her asshole to her clit, and back up again. She doesn’t seem to notice it until he finally shoves his hard dick deep down her hole! The girl really like this feeling as his balls pressed against her clit. He starts fucking that skinny pussy from behind, talking with the mom at the same time.   Their mom is making them breakfast as she takes a peek at the youngsters as they bond by fucking. The blonde teen can now feel his balls crashing against her clit with each thrust. The pleasure is so intense, she finally puts her phone down and begins to push her ass back onto his throbbing cock, making him fuck her deeper and harder. He is cumming in her and she doesn’t want to stop him, it feels so fucking damn good! He has exploded into her, filling her completely and she cums hard too, feeling his warm cum inside her. The dude finds that he’s able to use his sister’s body to please his every sexual desire! Later that day, he goes into her bedroom and pushes his penis into her mouth. She sucks and rolls her tongue on his cock head. Her half closed lust filled eyes are looking into his eyes, as she keeps his cock in her mouth. Her lower lip touches his balls, and her throat gripping his cock. She is breathing heavily through the nose, drool runs down her chin as the fat dick pumps her face. His siter is finally interested in getting more, so she opens her legs and lets him fuck that petite snatch. The horny blonde wants to ride him. He can see his cock sliding in and out of her pink slit. His naked sister bounces harder on him, lifting herself up and slamming herself down on his cock. She feels his is close, she jumps off his cock and rushes to it, almost in a panic placing her beautiful pouty lips over his rampant cock. Spunk begins squirting out of his cock, almost choking her with force. His nut is probably the best thing she has ever tasted.