I got to meet a hot blonde, Bailey. We have been hanging out together very often, and I could see she was into me, her gaze inspecting me very often. This afternoon, we went to the nearby sports fields where she showed enviable skills for baseball. As she played with the bat, I kept imagining it was my thick shaft in her delicate hands. I realized how fortunate I was to meet that teen babe when she turned around and showed me her perfect ass in all its glory. Bailey was wearing super skimpy denim shorts, revealing more than it covered up. The meaty buttocks were boiling over the edges, and I knew I had to fuck her then and there. This is when I grabbed her hand and took her to my place. My new girlfriend was a firecracker, slowly getting naked, shaking her booty. I could see her deep blue panties were soaked as she kept teasing. When she lost the clothes, leaving only striped socks on, she retook the baseball bat and used it as a sex toy. I stood there, dick erect, and enjoyed her small solo show as the bat kept rubbing her creamy twat. That is when I came closer, and she used the opportunity to spread her pussy lips and invite me in. I didn’t hesitate but quickly took out my rock solid shaft. The sexy naked girl wanted to taste my dick, sucking it with lots of skill.   I prepared her tight hole for the upcoming screwing with my mouth, licking it, making it all wet and slippery. She was ready for me to invade her little pussy, and it was more than obvious to me. Her pussy, smooth and hairless, was so tight. The feeling of her pussy was incredible. For me, a young naked girl on her back with her legs spread wide open is the most beautiful thing in the world! I pumped her pink cunt missionary, faster and faster but she wanted to be in control now. The babe straddled me and began riding my cock. I squeezed her heavenly ass, helped her pick up the speed, and she treated me with the view of her natural boobs bouncing in the rhythm of the screwing. The blondie still had the socks on, and I loved how she looked like a naughty schoolgirl pounded hard by the kinky stepdad. My personal slut turned around and rode my dick reverse cowgirl. I supported her hips with my hands, watching as my rod disappeared between her juicy buns. Bailey wanted to be treated like a little bitch, so I granted her wish. I rammed her pussy doggy style, and she was busy rubbing her clit. The fucking session got so intense the blonde teen babe started trembling in a wild orgasm as her pussy lips tightened around the tip of my cock. Once I was certain my banging girl was satisfied, I pulled out and sprayed her cute face with my warm jizz.