This teen girl began to notice that someone had been snooping around her room recently. She was sure that someone was touching her underwear. She did suspect her stepbrother since he was the only pervert in the house. She was in her room getting ready for school, and when her annoying stepbro came into her room, she quickly dismissed him. Later he sneaked into his stepsister’s room. Now he was alone in her room, and her bright yellow panties were on her bed! He couldn’t resist touching them and sniffing them. That made his dick hard, and since he thought she had already left, he lied back on her bed and started to stroke his cock, sniffing the crotch of her panties at the same time. But he heard her footsteps coming up the stairs, so he quickly got dressed and walked out. But he didn’t know that there was a spy camera and that she would see everything he did in her room. When his sister saw him on her bed jerking off on her underwear, she screamed his name, calling him into her room. He came in confused, but when she showed him the tape where he was sniffing her panties and jerking off he turned red. He was embarrassed, and he thought she was going to tell on him. But a teen slut had a better idea in mind. His stepsister pushed him on the bed and took off his jeans! She took her wet tongue and grazed over his tip. He didn’t know what was happening, but he was not about to stop her from sucking his hard dick. She wrapped her little mouth around his dick and started moving her head up and down.    She swallowed his whole cock and he could feel the back of her throat as she mover her mouth on his dick. Then his sister began to lick and suck his balls one by one in her mouth! The dude just watched in amazement, having never seen this in real life, just in porn videos. He was close to cumming, but his sister was not about to let that happen. She took off her clothes and lied back on her bed. He dropped to his knees and grazed his tongue over her slit. He sucked her clit hard, just as she was sucking his dick a moment before. They kissed as he guided his penis into her wet pussy. He began to move in and out and his naked sister moaned in ecstasy. He stopped after a few minutes and then he flipped her over. The young naked girl was on the bed, on all fours and he kept pounding her pussy doggy style. His balls were slapping against her clit, it was amazing! His sister was such a little slut! Then she wanted to ride him. He lied back and his stepsister startled him like girls in porn videos. She slid down his dick and moved her hips slowly at first, but when she heard him grunting, she picked up the pace. Her hips started moving faster and faster by the minute, and she was sure that he wasn’t going to last any longer. But he grabbed her hips with his big hands, and he pushed her all the way down on his dick. He thrust into her a few more times before shooting his load inside of her and filling her pussy up until it dripped out of her! What a beautiful creampie!