My dad’s new wife is so sexy. She is much younger than him and she always wears some miniskirts that get me horny every time I see her. I have had dirty dreams about my sexy stepmom every night as all I can think about is how it looks down there between her legs. I can hear her screaming every night when my dad fucks her. Yet, the MILF always has that naughty look like she is horny all the time. And she struts around the house as if she is waiting for a dick to slip under her panties if she had any. One morning I woke up with my dick really hard and a puddle of my own cum on my belly. Suddenly my stepmom walked in to get me out of bed and realized what I was hiding under the sheets! She took my blanket and saw my dick out of the pants and my semen. I was a little embarrassed but she assured me that it’s completely natural. She even dipped her finger in my cum and had a taste of it. She said that my penis was not entirely soft and I probably hadn’t finished. She said that it should not be left like that. I couldn’t believe my eyes when my stepmom took my dick and put it in her mouth! She wanted to milk me! She was licking the tip of my dick to tease me before she took all of it down her throat. And boy, she could really get it deep! My dream was coming true. She was a professional cocksucker but I still couldn’t finish.   She was late for work, so she suggested another way to make me cum. She lifted her skirt and sat on top of me!!! My slutty stepmom put my dick inside her cunt and started riding me. My dad was still getting ready for work, and he didn’t even know that we were fucking. It was so hot, and I didn’t even get my cock out as she wanted me to cum inside her pussy. So I filled it up and she took me to school. The next time she caught me masturbating in the bathroom. This time she wanted to teach me some tricks as she thought I had no experience. My stepmom took me to the bedroom and sat on me again. She started riding me as I was grabbing those hooters. She was a true whore as she obviously couldn’t get enough fucking. And she could come a few times in a row. The whore was so loud, and she wanted me to fuck her in all positions. As I fucked her, her big tits were swaying back and forth with each of my thrusts. I couldn’t believe it when she had me cum inside her panties. She took my dick and finished me up and then put on the panties with my warm jizz on them! That slut was wicked. Yesterday my stepmom gave me a quick blowjob before school and I splashed her face!