He was at a wedding party, and he tried hitting on every girl at the party. All he wanted was to grab a bridesmaid and get her to jump hard on his dick. He didn’t understand why all the girls rejected him. He was hot, and he was in a suit. He was starting to get a picture that he wasn’t going to get laid at this party. When he was losing hope, a slutty bridesmaid noticed how desperate he was, and she decided he was the right guy for her. She was in a bright blue dress, and her huge tits were all out. She was horny too, so she got behind the table, and she grabbed a big cucumber from the table. She bent over, and she made sure that he was looking at her. Then the slut just pushed the vegetable inside of her tight hole! He was crazy horny, so he walked over to her, and she dropped to her knees instantly. The slutty bridesmaid took off his pants and sucked him hard under the table. He tried keeping a straight face, but it was too hard. Her slutty mouth was sucking him too good. She was on all fours like a bitch, and he pushed his dick inside of her pussy. He fucked her from behind, and as much as she tried to keep quiet, she couldn’t resist moaning. Each stroke went all the way in, and his hips made a slapping noise against her big ass as he pulled her harder onto his cock each time.   With his every thrust, she felt him hit her sweet spot, and she was moments away from cumming. But he didn’t give her a chance to rest, so he lay back on the floor, and the busty babe climbed on top of him. She slid her pussy down his big cock, and she rode him so fast, her huge tits were jumping all over the place. His dick stretched her out so well, and she felt his dick twitching inside of her. He was close, so she picked up the pace, and she rode him even harder. Her big hips swayed up and down, and her pussy squeezed his dick just right. She jumped and yelped as he began slapping her big tits, making them sway. The naked bridesmaid made him cum inside of her. She loved the feeling of his dick shooting his load inside of her. She was a slut for cum, and she sucked him off again. She needed his taste in her mouth. He couldn’t resist her slutty mouth and her big tits. He let her milk his cock with her juicy lips, and he came inside of her mouth. “Yummy!” she explained. Who cares about the newlywed couple? Certainly not their best friends, hiding away in a corner and fucking like no one’s watching!