I’ve heard that the bigger the tits, the smaller the brain. I’ll be honest that there was only one reason why I asked her out, and now we are dating. Well, OK, two reasons actually: Emily had the biggest tits in our school, and I had vowed to my buddies that I was going to be the first to see them. Not just her tits, but her smile and her butt! Yesterday, we were relaxing by the pool. My dick got stiff the first time I saw Emily in bikini. Her massive tits were too much for a bikini… The tiny triangles hardly covered her breasts, and they spilled out on all sides. It didn’t take long before she got her huge knockers out of the top bikini part and let me oil them up. I had always been attracted to girls with big tits! She has probably the biggest tits I have ever seen. I was squeezing and kneading her tits with my hands. She leaned over and put her tits in my face and I kissed and sucked on the one tit while pinching the nipple on the other. ‘Oh yes Mike. Kiss them! Kiss my tits!’ she moaned as I moved from left to right boob. Emily got fully naked and started sucking my dick. I rubbed my cock between the boobs as she kept spitting on the tip. This girl was made for titty fucking! Holding her tits with both hands, she pressed my cock between them and started bobbing. I liked to watch her big titties bounce and wiggle while I was feeding them my cock. Once I was done playing with her big tits, I guided her to turn around and inserted my rod in her tight pussy. My arms held her hips tightly as our hips met together to intensify the feeling for both of us. I sat on a large sofa for a couple of minutes and let Emily ride my shaft reverse cowgirl. She wanted to control the speed, and I loved the way how skilfully she impaled herself on my rod. Besides, I still could reach her boobies, squeezing them, pinching the hard nipples. I was lucky when she turned around to face me as I got to look at the twins and allow them to slap my face. Her tits were shaking like mad, dancing across her chest while she was riding me. Soon enough, her pussy walls started pulsating around my cock in a powerful orgasm. When I was done fucking the bitch, I sprayed my jizz all over the giant rack. 