The young teen girl and her horny cousin are spending some time alone at the vacation home. They have always loved each other, using every opportunity to play kinky games or fool around. This morning, the brown-haired cutie is lying in a bed while her sleeping cousin has a dirty dream about Megan Fox. He keeps humping her from behind, and she finds it both adorable and arousing. She wakes him up and tells him she’s happy to be his Megan. She gets her hand in his pants, she grabs his erection and begins stroking it. In return he slides his hand in her panties, feeling her soaked pussy. They are lying in the bed masturbating to each other. His cousin can’t believe his cock is so big and thick, and asks him to show it to her. The guy gets naked, relaxing on the big bed, as the girl admires his huge cock. She can’t help opening her mouth to taste it. Her lips move around the head and then down the shaft. She starts slurping, sucking, gargling, all the mouth tricks. He knows she loves to be face fucked, so he grants her wish, shoving the penis all the way down to her throat. She gets up and reveals her bare booty, getting spanked and screwed from behind. Her pussy is so tight and wet that he can’t resist raming the shaft as deep as possible. His cousin loves to be treated like a little whore, banged doggy style, pulled by the hair. The lovers exchange passionate kisses, looking at each other’s eyes, as the stunner enjoys a wild dick ride. The young naked girl moves her hips up and down, impaling on the throbbing penis. After a couple of minutes, she cums, moaning and rolling her eyes. The stud spanks her titties and guides her to her back. Her body is so flexible that she puts her legs behind her hand, welcoming a stiff rod up her cunt. The girl tart cums once again, fucked missionary. This is when a warm shower of cum sprays her happy face! His massive cumshot erupt all over her face, coating her with warm sticky cum. She is giggling like a schoolgirl as the sperm continue to spurt. His huge cock is cumming so much she begins to wonder if he will ever stop. He rewarded his cousin’s efforts with an impossibly huge cumload! 