I have the best job in the world. I run a summer camp for high school girls. Every year, the young girls come here for a few days and we organize some fun activities for them. I can’t resist looking at all these young teens with their fresh pussies. They are still virgins and that makes me so horny. Ever since they arrived, I imagined them naked. I wanted to fuck each one of these young naked girls. But my colleagues were doing regular checks every hour or so, and I didn’t want to lose this job. But then, one day I took a stroll and found three blondes, the prettiest virgins, all naked, kissing and touching their wet pussies. Boy, it was so hot! And once the naked girls saw me, they immediately invited me to join them. There were so many things I wanted to do to these young sluts. I took my dick out and the girls all attacked me, blowing me in turns. They wanted my dick so badly and I was ready to give them all I had. These three girls were virgins and they wanted me to fuck them as hard as I could. The first naked girl sat on top of me and started jumping up and down my cock. The other girls were playing with her tits as she was moaning and enjoying this crowded session. Then the other two girls took the ride, but this platinum blonde was the most delicious one.   The sexy girl rode my dick like a whore and I wanted to do her again. She was on her back with legs up as I was hitting her tight cunt. I was close to finishing, so I pulled it out and the other girls gathered to get their dose. I came on their faces and on the blonde’s pussy. Three young naked girls licked all of it until there was none left. It was then I realized that all these girls were whores and that each of them would open their legs for me. The next day I got inside their room and this blonde waited for me with no panties. She let me smash her pussy and begged me to fuck her hard. And I did. And the most fun thing is that I managed to fuck each of these and every one of them wanted me to fill their pussies. There was this smoking hot brunette that never had sex before, so in just three nights of hardcore fucking I turned her into the worst slut of this merry group. She would come a few times a day for me to nail her and teach her new tricks. At the end of their trip, we all had a big orgy and the girls went mad. My dick was exploding with cum every now and then, but the beautiful teens wouldn’t let go of me. The wettest summer ever.