I have a demure maid to whom I don’t pay that much attention. But this morning, I opened the door and found a stunning teen babe on my porch. She had a big smile on her face and introduced herself as Reyna. The babe was covering for her mom. Reyna was a sizzling Latina, with firm booty and small but perky tits. I couldn’t help but fetch my camera, and she didn’t seem to bother me filming her. I plucked up my courage and asked her if she would clean wearing nothing but underwear for some money. The chick said yes and started revealing her all-natural assets, smiling with her gorgeous lips. I felt my cock going stiff in my pants – I needed to see her naked! Another $100 to get her fully naked. She slowly pulled down her panties, revealing her perfect, cute little ass. She was young and beautiful, her slender body was flawless – slim legs, a bald pussy and perfect teen breasts, not big but firm and delectable, with plump nipples that begged to be sucked. I quickly pulled my hard dick out of my shorts and began to stroke it! The naked girl turned around and saw me like that, with my hard cock in my hand! When I offered her another $100 to play with my cock, she refused. The slut just wanted a piece of my dick! I looked down at this young naked girl kneeling in front of me. The moment she grabbed my erect rod, she began licking it, looking me straight into the eyes! My little naked maid loved my balls, sucking on them, drooling all over my marbles. The feeling was incredible. When she was done blowing my cock, the naked girl turned around and started impaling her little cunt on my rod. I kept filming as her ass worked up and down. The tart was so horny, the love juices dribbled down my shaft, all the way to my balls. I guided her to a big bed and began destroying her pussy from behind. The girl moaned and begged for more of that meat stick. I lied on the bed now, and she took my dick for another wild ride. I’m proud to say I fucked her tight pussy harder and harder until she started to cum. I felt her pussy walls tightening around my cock in an intense orgasm. 