Since she moved into my house, and we officially became stepbrother and sister, this girl has been getting on my nerves. She has a cute face, big blue eyes, and an ass that I just want to slap and play with, but as soon as she starts talking to me, she turns into a mean girl. Once I walked into the laundry room, and of course, there she was in the tightest dress I have ever seen, trying to fix the stain. I tried getting past her to put my stuff in, but sure she had a problem with it. Her stuff was more important. I tried to reach the washer but she took off her dress and tossed it inside! I was shocked and surprised. This is the first time that I have seen her in her bra and panties. I didn’t move, and I just kept staring. My new sister then took off her bra and her panties! She wanted to teach me a lesson, but I had a better idea. My fingers found their way to her nipples and her big and perky tits. I saw her tilting her head back and rolling her eyes. She was enjoying this, and she was getting horny. I wanted to test that out, so my other hand went a little more south, down to her pussy. Her pussy was clean shaven and her pussy lips were round as the mouth. She was soaking wet, and I couldn’t resist pushing my fingers in her tight hole. My naked stepsister moaned and asked for more, so I listened. Soon she was on her knees in front of me, and I was naked. She took my hard dick in her hand and started stroking it slowly. I was about to beg, but she wrapped her lips around my tip and started sucking me harder and faster by the second.   I couldn’t wait any longer, so I flipped her over and she was now on all fours. I pushed my dick inside of her tight pussy and I let her push herself even deeper on my cock. My sister rode me, driving herself up and down on my dick, clearly enjoying it. My eyes went between looking at her face, her pussy and her little tits. She kept riding me with her ass to me. ‘Just like that! I’m cumming!’ I felt her pussy tighten in her orgasm. My naked sister arched her back and squealed clenching my cock tight with her vagina. I couldn’t help cumming too, filling her up with my cum. She pulled my dick out from her and my semen began dripping out of pussy! Ever since then I have been waiting for a moment to get her horny and alone. Her pussy milked my cock perfectly and I needed her. I fucked her on the kitchen counter and filled her up again. Her cunt was swollen and red and some of the cum was leaking out of her open hole! The feeling of my cum filling her sends her over the edge. Everytime we have sex, my sister asks me to cum in her!