Two young girls are really into tennis and they have the same favorite player. They are huge fans of the guy and once they learned where he lived, they decided to try to sneak in to get an autograph. The girls managed to get past security and finally reached his house. They rang the bell and there he was, a hot champion all friendly and sexy. These teen girls were all flirty and cute, so he gave them autographs and even invited them in. He usually hated visitors, but he immediately realized that these girls were big sluts. Their tight, young pussies soaked through their panties. The trio was messing around and he was showing them his favorite techniques, but he had other skills as well. The sluts were all excited and it didn’t take them long to lose their panties. The girls both got down on their knees as he took his big tool out of the pants. The brunette took the dick with her hand and started licking it. Her friend was sucking his balls as his cock was getting harder. Their hands and fingers, tongues and mouths were all over his big hard cock! The naked girls just couldn’t get enough of his delicious penis, sucking, kissing, choking on it. It was so big and firm, and he got on the sofa. He was kissing the blonde as the other gal sat on top of him.   His cock went inside her wet pussy and she started riding him like a whore. Blondie was stroking his balls as her friend was moaning loudly. It was arousing her so much as she was watching her friend get fucked. She couldn’t wait to get there herself. After her friend was done, she jumped on top of it and got her awaited bang. This slut wanted it rough, so she was riding fast. She wouldn’t get off of him, so the other girl sat on his face to get his tongue in her soaked pussy. It was bald and sweet, and she was so loud as she was riding his face, enjoying his licking skills. It was why he wanted to be famous, to have beautiful young girls fighting for his cock! The ladies were thrilled to get their pussies smashed by their favorite tennis pro. He was hitting one teen slut hard as the other one was eating her out. He moved his cock from one delectable pussy to the other and back. These sluts were so loud and they wanted to become his regular whores. The champ was doing the petite babe in the doggy as his balls were ready to let that jizz out. He was going to splash the naked girls both with his jizz. He pulled himself out and the skanks opened their mouths so he could fill them up with the sticky loud. The young naked girls swallowed all of it and left the house with an autograph and destroyed cunts!