This ebony beauty was getting married to the man of her dreams, and while she was doing her makeup her bridesmaid showed up with pervy plans. At this time the groom was pacing in his room, horny and frustrated. On the wedding day, he just realized how many sluts and pussies he is going to miss out on once he gets married. He tried to do the right thing and go talk to his soon-to-be wife, but his plans took a detour. In the bride’s suit, she was with her curvy and thick maid of honor, who was a little bit too horny today. She has been playing with huge dildos all morning, and not helping the bride. The beautiful bride went to get dressed, and when she did, her suite door opened and her soon-to-be husband walked in quietly. Seeing her sexy bridesmaid in her tight pink dress and no underwear, now he only wanted to grab her and fuck her against a wall rough and fast. She took his hand and took him to his room. He pushed her against his window, and he took off her dress. Her big tits were in his hands, and he could feel his member throbbing and craving a soaking wet pussy. He took off his pants and slid his cock inside of her tight hole. He pounded her hard against the window, and as he was fucking her, she noticed the wedding photographer girl that was right outside their window.   She was drooling and taking pictures of them banging. The bridesmaid took his hand and guided him to the bed, she straddled his hips and she slid her pussy down his big, thick cock. She took a moment to take it all in. His scent, the feeling of his huge dick filling her up and stretching her out before she started moving her sexy hips up and down. He fucked her in all ways imaginable and she was sweaty and dripping with his cum. But even after fucking the slutty bridesmaid, the groom was still feeling restless. It was his lucky day because the busty wedding planner and the sexy photographer had a thing on him. So right before the ceremony, he took the girls to his room and he pounded both of them hard on his bed until both of the girls were squirting all over his suite. Little did he know the wedding photographer also took opportunity to scissor and lick his bride’s pussy!