This video introduces shows us a day in the life of Leona – a beautiful, slender and sporty young model. The girl takes us through her day – getting up in the morning, doing nude yoga, jogging, swimming fully naked, posing naked in Peter’s photo sudio, then back home. This is an absolutely beautiful film. Leona is gorgeous and charming. Her cute little bubble butt strutted to her kitchen where she grabbed something to wake her up. But she had a photo shoot today, and she needed to look her best. She pulled out her yoga mat, and she got on all fours. The young naked girl stretched and lied with her torso on the floor, while her cute little ass and her pretty pink pussy were still in the air. Her slim long legs were spread apart, and when she got her head to the floor, her bald smooth pussy was in full view. After her morning workout, she got dressed. She grabbed her tiny shorts and a matching top, and she went to the lake. Her body needed to cool off, and she figured what was better than skinny dipping? She stripped down and got into the water. The cold water made her cute pink nipple shoot straight up. The naked girl had goosebumps all over her body. She is magically beautiful. If you like them petite and smart, Leona is your girl. There’s so much joy in her blinding smile, dark deep eyes, and long thick hair down below her hips. You will love her face, her perfect breasts, fit and toned body and of course her drool worthy pussy. When she got back to her apartment, she grabbed her low-waisted jean shorts and a cute white top. She walked to her photoshoot. The photographer was already waiting for her with the whole set ready. His tiny brunette model spread her lovely long legs and her pink pussy lips for the perfect photo. She did a couple of different poses and all of them had her wet pussy in the mainframe. She did exactly as she was told. Her booty was in the air and her legs were spread apart as they could be. She has the tightest pussy that you have ever seen! She’s just naturally fit and healthy. She is bewitching, beautiful, delicate and has a lovely smile! She’s also new to the nude modelling scene, which makes her all the more enticing. If you love petite girls, then Leona is exactly your ideal woman! Don’t miss some great close-ups of pussy and puckering anus! Peter used a probe lens to get the macro and inside vaginal shots! 