I come straight home from school every day! Ever since my dad married this smoking hot blondie, I can’t think of anything else but eating and fucking her pussy. She is used to walking around in her underclothes, in the tiniest outfits, without a bra. Everytime we are home alone I ask her to show me her tits, her naked ass or her pussy and she pulls the crotch of her panties aside and give her clit a few strokes while I watch. With the image of her beautiful tits or her pussy, I rush to my room to masturbate. Yesterday I walked in on her doing laundry in the living room. She was in the world’s smallest shorts! I sat down on the couch and I let myself enjoy the beautiful view. She was on her knees, with her ass spilling out of her shorts. I immediately slid my hand down to my pants. She noticed, and as if she read my mind, she stood up and took off her shorts. I was shocked, but the view of her gorgeous, round ass clouded my judgment. There she was on the floor on all fours with her naked ass in the air. My stepmom arched her back slightly so her pussy lips protruded from between her legs. Her pussy is the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen. I slid my thumb into her slit, slowly spreading her pussy lips. Even the slightest touch would make her moan, and that only made my big dick harder. At first I thought I would jerk off in my room as usual but then I asked her ‘Do you think you could help me out?’ She turned around and wrapped her gorgeous lips around my tip! I was rock hard, and she didn’t waste any time! She sucked me hard and fast. My cock felt like it was gonna explode! She knew I needed a sloppy blowjob stat and that’s exactly what she did. I came in her mouth and she sucked up all of my cum. She just said ‘Thank you baby!’ We both carried on with our day as if nothing happened.   But the next day when I walked into their bedroom, my sexy stepmom was naked and tied up on the bed. She had a choker ball around her mouth, her legs were parted and I could clearly see her clean shaven pussy. I couldn’t miss out on this opportunity! I took off her choker and I untied her arms. She looked me in the eye, and I knew we wanted the same thing. I took my fingers and stroked her pretty pussy from her swollen clit to her dripping hole. My naked stepmom was ready for my cock. I pushed my hard dick inside of her and she moaned so loud. I was looking down at my cock lodged all the way in her cunt, the way her labia wrapped around my shaft in a loving embrace. When I laid my head back, my cock was standing like flag post. My naked stepmom got on me in reverse cowgirl and slipped my cock in her cunt. I loved watching her breasts bounce as she worked her hips. Then I flipped her over and fucked her from behind. She liked to be treated like a slut. My dick was so deep inside of her and I knew I was hitting all the right spots because it only took her a couple of minutes to cum all over my cock. I came all over her and covered her in my cum. My cock spasmed and squirted spurt after spurt of gooey junk on her body. I came so much that my knees literally got weak. She got addicted to my dick, and now I could fuck my stepmom whenever I wanted. 