The wedding has been ruined, and the groom has run off with the bride’s cousin. Now it’s time for the underdog to finally fuck the bride! Since you snuck into this wedding you have been checking out the bride. She is definitely the hottest chick there. She has long auburn hair, big doe eyes, and juicy lips that are perfect for sloppy blowjobs. But since the bride is hurt now, you have to approach her delicately if you want to seduce her. So you did, and you empathize with her which made her think of a revenge plan. After all, he did run off with her cousin, she deserves a little naught payback. So she gets on her knees and pulls down your pants. With your hand on your cock you wave it around in front of her pretty face. The bride takes your big dick in her hands and sucks the tip. She takes out her phone to takes a juicy picture she will send to her ex-fiance. She poses with the head of your meaty cock in her mouth. Then she starts bobbing her head back and forth, each time taking more and more of your cock down her throat. The bride keeps sucking on your cock not paying attention to the guests and relatives. You get her to the room, and she wasts no time. She takes off your pants and pushes you on the bed. She pulls up her beautiful wedding dress and she slides down your dick! You can feel her tight pussy tighten around your cock.   You are finally fucking the gorgeous bride! She rides you while your hands move over her gorgeous body squeezing here, pressing there, and caressing everywhere. She moans, her crotch ramming so hard down onto your dick. You takes off her wedding dress and pushes now fully naked bride on the bed. She is on all fours, giving you the most beautiful view of her perfect ass! You position yourself behind her, rubbing the head of your huge cock against her wet slit. Holding her waist with both hands, you begin to slide your shaft in and out of her pussy, faster with each stroke. You balls are slapping against her clit. You are pounding her hard and fast, and she quickly cums all over your dick. You take out your dick and cum all over her big, round ass, pouring the hot cum onto her pussy. The naked bride is still on her knees when her ex-fiance and her cousin walk in! While the bride and the groom fight, you get a sloppy blowjob from the sexy cousin! She is a slut alright, and she milks your cock so good, you cum all over her pretty face! Are you ready to be the Wedding Crasher? This interactive porn game seems easy but don’t be greedy: only the best of the bests can play this pervy game masterfully. Are you the one? Download and enjoy the porn video game!