This lesbian is pissed off, she bought a huge strap-on for her girlfriend, but she wants nothing to do with it! The blondie is obviously bored with all the scissoring and needs a long rod filling her aching hole. Sometimes lesbians need some cock in their pussies so badly. If her girlfriend won’t give her what she wants, then maybe her girlfriend’s brother will! She is flirting with the guy and flashes her well-shaped boobs. The guy gropes the twins instantly, feeling his cock going stiff. Her girlfriend catches them fooling around, makes a scene, and angrily storms out. She doesn’t mind – she is too horny. When her girlfriend’s brother whips his dick out, she is amazed at the length and girth of it and decisively shoves it in her mouth. The feeling of a hard hot cock in her mouth is amazing! Much, much better than a dildo! She is licking and sucking and nibbling on the massive, muscular organ! The lesbian, probably already ex-lesbian, spreads her legs, letting the stud eat her tight pussy, slurping on the pussy juices. She heard from her gay friends that only a woman can please another woman orally but this guy’s tongue she cums in a few seconds. Soon enough, the rod enters the wet slit, ramming her missionary style. The chick loves every minute of the hardcore drilling, playing with her hard nipples. It is not long before she cums for the second time, trembling with wild passion. This is when the naked girl turns around, getting a stiff pecker up her tight snatch. The guy picks up the speed, shagging the pink slit as the girl’s boobs bounce up and down. He spanks her tight ass, so she starts moving her hips in a circular motion, riding the juicy shaft. The stud is treated with the view of the blonde’s buttocks, shaking on his cock. She has never came like that with any woman! When the moment comes, the guy unloads his balls all over her pretty face. She is smearing it all over her face with her hands, opening her mouth wide. Hardcore fucking, strong male hands on her body, the feeling of a real cock, to be treated like a whore and finally a shower of cum… that’s what she has been missing all this time as a lesbian. 