As usual, I woke up with a stiff dick. Walking around the house I saw my stepmother still asleep in her bed, fully naked! I quietly entered the room and took my penis out. Standing above her I put my cock on her face, lightly slapped her lips and cheeks, letting her feel its scent and flavor. The tip of my cock was between her lips, and she opened her mouth in sleep. My stepmom moved a little bit in sleep and now the head of my cock was in her mouth. She might had been dreaming about huge cocks because she began licking mine with her tongue. When my stepmom finally opened her eyes, she was startled and began yelling at me. She was confused and ashamed, but such a slut couldn’t resist the sight of an erect dick. My stepmom had my shaft in her mouth in a couple of seconds while her naughty fingers rubbed her swollen clit. I told her to keep playing with the button because I wanted to watch her masturbate as I was busy ramming her tight slit missionary style. It felt amazing, forbidden, and hot, and her body was electric. I loved her tiny waist, long legs, and perfectly round natural boobs. After we were done shagging and I finally emptied my balls. Later, she made some dinner when she received some shocking news from me. I was going to propose to my girlfriend and the MILF immediately wanted to show how much better she was in sucking my cock. She sucked my pecker like a champ, kneeling on the kitchen tiles. She gave me the most thrilling sloppy blowjob in my life, smearing her spit all over my rod. I lay down on a sofa, and the MILF rode my dick with such force and passion it took my breath away. I kept staring at her big tits and watched her bite her lips, talking dirty to me, encouraging me to destroy her pussy with my thick rod. I didn’t have to do anything – she flexed her fit body with ease, grinding on my wood. I couldn’t stop fucking my stepmom. Even though this was the second time we fucked since this morning, I barely managed to pull my cock out of her slit, spraying tons of warm spunk all over my stepmother’s large hooters. The slut became addicted to my juicy rod, fucking me every time we were alone, pleasuring my dicks with her mouth and narrow slit. 