Sexy teen babe invited her two best friends over to her house for a slumber party. These girls have done a lot of naughty things together, and they love to go wild occasionally. And they tell everything to each other, so quite often, their hangouts turn into steamy girl play. But this time, they wanted a dick to join them. There was a new guy in the neighborhood, and the girls decided to call him to make him come over. He was really hot and her girlfriends couldn’t wait to meet him. The girls changed into their comfy pajamas, playing with their young titties and pussies on the camera. As soon as he arrived, all their pussies became really wet and they couldn’t stop flirting with him. The girls convinced him to play ‘spin the bottle’ with them and ‘truth or dare’. They wanted to show him how much fun they used to have before, so they all took their clothes off and flashed their shaved cunts at him. He was so excited when the naked girls all jumped to the couch and started liking each other! He had never seen girls that slutty and he enjoyed the view as the babes were getting pretty wild. His dick was getting up, and he took it out to stroke it. The girls were all thrilled when they saw a hard dick, so they jumped over to take a closer look. The naked girls were on the floor, playing with his cock and blowing it in turns. Just imagine if you had three young sexy naked girls sucking your cock together!   The two little sluts sucked his balls while the third one worked his shaft before they switched tasks. Then the girls pressed their lips together around his length to stroke him or kissed each other around his hardness. It was so big, and the sluts couldn’t wait to get the sexy neighbor to fuck them all. His dick was so firm and ready to destroy those wet pussies. His Latina friend was the first to go as it was her house and she didn’t want her friends to try out that delicious cock before she did. She sat on top of him and started riding the guy as her friends were watching the couple and masturbating. The babe had the most perfect ass for twerking. He gave her hard nailing, and after she was done with it, she let her blonde friend take the throne. That bitch was so excited and she was so loud when he started hitting her. After the third friend, a black cutie, got her ride, the stallion turned crazily horny then. He lined up the girls in the doggy. Three naked girls on all fours with their butts aimed high in the air, waiting for him to decide whose pussy he would fuck first, was a sight to behold! He started fucking each one so hard and rough, moving from one pussy to another. His dick was going mad, and soon he let his cum out and splashed those whores with everything he had. Three naked girls were catching his cum with their mouths, kissing and giggling.