Cherie, a hot blonde MILF, and her friend were supposed to go out for lunch, but her bestie winded up keeping her waiting. With her son home from college for the weekend, her schedule had been completely thrown off. It was chilly, so Cherie went upstairs to get a jumper. The bathroom door was open and there was a sexy surprise – her friend’s teenager son was taking a naughty shower with his dick in his hand! The boy was enjoying it so much and he didn’t immediately see the cougar spying on him. He was stroking that cock as the mature blonde was biting her lip and imagining the sweet thing on top of her. And she was determined to taste this young boy. After she went down, her friend went to get ready and asked the horny boy to keep her MILF friend company. It was the perfect chance for the cougar to hunt the boy down and get him to go all wild with her. Her hand was going towards his pants and she could feel a hard thing in it. The blonde took it out, hungry to taste it. It was a young cock, and she wasn’t missing her chance. She took his cock’s swollen head into her mouth. “Mmmmm,” she moaned as she tasted the sweet head. The MILF began sucking the cock as she stroked it with one hand. She used her hand to play with his balls making him even more excited. She started to move her head up and down taking his full length inside her mouth. It was exciting her so much as she was about to fuck her best friend’s son, and nobody knew about it. The MILF lifted her dress and opened her legs, inviting the youngster to get his tongue out and his head between them. And the boy was so thrilled as he had never fucked a mature woman, only some sluts from the school.   He couldn’t say no to this juicy cunt. So he went down on her, sticking his tongue down her hole. It was wet and sweet, and the MILF immediately started moaning as the boy was actually a good pussy eater. His tongue got to her asshole as well, as the slut loved good rimming. But his dick was straight as an arrow, and he wanted to dick the slut down. He got her in the doggy and pushed his cock inside that cunt. It was all wet, and he was so horny. It was the perfect pose to nail the whore hard. And she liked it hard, so she lifted her leg to get that thing deep inside her. His balls were hitting her ass, as his mom was still dressing up, with no idea that her slutty friend was banging her little boy. He wanted her to blow him again. She was about forty year old, but her body and her sexual talents were incredible, much better than any teen girl! The horny naked woman sat on top of him and began impaling herself on him, taking his full length deep into her snatch. She was screaming as it was going deep inside her cooch. She mashed her cunt hard down onto him, grinding her clit she came in a torrent of juice. Her clit was hurting as he was rubbing it roughly and gave her an intense orgasm. The pussy was destroyed and soaked, and he filled it with his cum. It was dripping out of the pussy, and the MILF finally got dressed to meet his mom again.