This cute dark-haired vixen’s sugar daddy fucks her every single day, treating her with expensive gifts as a reward for all of the hard work. This morning, her sugar daddy informs the tart that his son is coming for a visit. Being a good hostess, she has to help him feel comfortable, show him a warm welcome and be happy to meet all of his desires. The cutie hops into skimpy denim shorts and gets all dolled up to greet the young guy. When the guy meets his dad’s girlfriend, a hot and sexy teen babe, who is even younger than him, he isn’t expecting his dad to share her with him, but he’s gonna love having free access to the sexy babe anytime he wants! When she goes to the kitchen, the dude follows her and starts groping her tight ass. She loves the way he treats her – she loves being a submissive slut. His hands are on her body, touching and squeezing her titties. He slides his hand down her stomach and over her pubic mound to her crotch and began to slowly stroke her pussy. Her body is flawless. So slim and sexy, she doesn’t have an ounce of fat on her. She has a smile that melts you and a flirtatious nature that owns you. In a couple of minutes, the sugar baby sits on a kitchen counter, spreads her legs, and displays a soaked pink pussy. The guy rushes to stick his tongue deep inside. He plays with her pink pearl, making it all wet and slippery. The seductress reads a book as the swollen dick rams her cunt from behind. She acts like she doesn’t care, but the reality is that she loves the cock treatment. With one final lunge he cums inside her, filling her and then slowly pulls out. It is obvious his dad is determined to let him use the babe as his own sex toy.   The next day, men are in a dining room. The stud commands the sugar baby to kneel down and take his manhood in her mouth. She obeys and quickly wraps her lips around the big cock. Her long nails play with the balls as her tongue pleasures the tip of the rod. The young couple moves the action to a white sofa, now fully naked. The guy begins the fucking session with a juicy pussy licking action and then lays behind the slut, pounding her cunt sideways. He screws the love hole without mercy, grabbing the babe by the throat. The young naked girl is on top now, riding the dick with gusto. He fucks her so hard that his balls slap her buttocks. The girl lays on her back, legs high up, as the dude screws her missionary style. He just can’t get enough of that tight cunt. Her perky tits get slapped, and her pussy is now destroyed doggy style. When he gets tired, he lays on his back, guiding the sexy girl to keep impaling. She vigorously moves her hips up and down, intensifying the pleasure for both of them. The stepdad walks around the house as his beloved stepson keeps drilling his young lover. Soon enough, the guy feels the need to unload his balls. He pulls out and sprays the warm spunk all over slut’s hot body. He has permission to do what he pleases, taking the babe anytime he wants and however he pleases. Despite looking uninterested, the babe loves hardcore sex and is willing to fuck him and his father, any dick that comes her way. After all, she is an insatiable slut, always in the mood for some crude cunt pounding.