I was at my friend’s house and I caught her and her stepdaughter fighting. She married her dad, and ever since then, those two girls have not been getting along. I could tell that she wasn’t wearing any underwear, and that made my dick hard. I have always wanted to fuck her, but there was never an opportunity. But today, she was mad and horny. She put on her latex gloves to wash the dishes, but she looked so good pretending to be a good housewife, I wanted to fuck her right there. She teased me about my crush, and something in her changed when she saw my big dick. She got on her knees behind the sink, and she pulled my pants down. Her slutty hands were wrapped around my cock in no time, and she jerked me off with those yellow gloves on. I was just getting started, but we heard footsteps coming down the stairs, and she quickly stood up. I hid behind the counter. But her stepdaughter saw my big dick, and while the blondie was making a list for groceries shopping, her cute brunette stepdaughter had her little hands around my cock! When the teen went back to her room, I got behind my friend, pulled up her dress, and slid my dick inside of her! I pounded her pussy hard, and when her stepdaughter came back downstairs, I didn’t want to stop. So I kept fucking her, while she was trying to talk to her sassy stepdaughter. Maybe this cute teen saw something she liked.   The next thing I knew, I was looking for a bathroom, but she pulled me into her room. The teen dropped to her knees and wrapped her lips around my tip! She sucked my hard cock like a good little slut, but we lost track of time, and her stepmom caught us. It’s a good thing that both of them were horny little sluts, and I had the girls naked on the bed in seconds. The cute young naked girl lay back on the bed, and her naked stepmom was on top of her. Their wet pussies were almost touching. I pushed my dick inside of the stepdaughter first, and her tight pussy gripped my cock so good. I pounded her hard, before switching between them. Both girls were begging for my cock, and as one rode me like a good girl, the other was rubbing her clit. This adorable and slutty teen milked my cock, and I filled her teen pussy with my tasty cum. Her stepmom stuffed her face between her legs, and she licked my cum dripping out of her daughter’s pussy! But the sexy and busty stepmom was still horny, so I pounded her tight pussy harder than before. The MILF was on all fours, and as I drilled her pussy, her stepdaughter rubbed her cute asshole. Now it’s mom’s turn to get filled up.