This sexy and beautiful brunette came home from the beach. She knew she was grabbing everyone’s attention. Her tight little body in that thigh orange bikini made all the guys at the beach hard, and all the girls jealous and wet. But when she walked into her back yard she couldn’t wait until she was inside to grab a shower. So she pulled her bikini down and she got under the outdoor shower. Her soaking wet pussy was glistening in the sunlight, and she wanted to catch the attention of only one stud. So the hot teen babe walked into the living room, where her boyfriend was hanging out. When he was wet and naked he quickly walked over to her, grabbed her, and threw her over his shoulder. He had her hips in his hand, and her legs were spread apart. Her smooth pussy was in his face, and he dragged his tongue over her slit, making her shiver. This horny little slut was doing a headstand while her boyfriend had his face full of her young pussy. He soon let her get down on the floor, and as he was still tongue-deep in her slit, she grabbed his hard dick and she sucked on his tip. The naked girl was moaning and screaming for more. This slut wanted his cock deep inside of her little cunt. He let her stand up and push him on the couch. He lied back as she climbed on top of him, spread her ass cheeks, and slid her pussy down his big cock. His whole shaft was inside of her, and as she had her back to him, twerking on his dick was a lot easier for her.   Sexy babe moved her hips and let him enjoy the view of her fucking herself on his cock. Her ample tits were bouncing up and down. She kept twerking her gorgeous ass and doing splits on his dick. In a second the sexy teen babe found herself on the floor, with her legs pushed back as much as they could go. He climbed on top of the couch and held himself up on the other half of the sofa. Her tight little pussy was right under him, and she moved his hips to meet her tight slit. His cock thrust into her pussy hard and fast. All she could do was moan, beg and scream for more. She was close to cumming, and she knew he could feel it. The tip of his cock hit all the sweet spots inside of her, and she felt like she was going to burst. One more thrust and she will cum. But he stopped, he wasn’t about to let her cum that easily. She teased him, and he wanted to tease her now too. He had his hot girlfriend on the couch again, and he was pounding her tight little cunt. He was close too, and after a few more thrusts he filled her pussy and made her cum with him. She pulled herself up on the couch, and she opened her mouth to suck both of their juices and clean his cock like a good little girl. 