This cute brunette teen was on a mission to sell cookies and she was determined to do everything in her power to sell them. She was standing at her neighbor’s doorway, in her cute tube socks and her short green skirt. He wasn’t planning on buying her cookies, but let her inside. She was on his couch, with the box of cookies in her lap. When she sat down her short skirt rose up, and he could clearly see her white panties. He took another look at her, and he realized how hot the teen babe is. She stood up, and grabbed the hem of her skirt, and pulled it down. The sexy schoolgirl was naked in a few short seconds, and all that she left on were her sexy, tube socks. She dropped to her knees, and she pulled down his pants. His big cock stood up, and she could feel her mouth water. She wanted to taste him. She wrapped her juicy lips around his huge cock and started sucking. His hands found their way to her long, brown hair. He grabbed her hair and pushed her harder on his dick. Her mouth was too tiny to take his whole dick in, but she tried. She sucked him hard and made sure to go deep until she felt his tip hit the back of her throat. He was too hard to miss out on her other holes, so he sat down on the couch, and the young naked girl climbed on top of him. She pushed herself onto his giant cock, and he stretched her pussy out. She couldn’t stop moaning and screaming. She tried to keep herself from cumming. He grabbed her hips and moved her to meet his every thrust. He flipped the girl over and kept pounding her sweet ass from behind. He didn’t want to let her cum so fast. He was just getting started. He grabbed her hips with one hand and used the other to slap her big ass. He pushed her to the ground and grabbed her ass. Her legs were up all the way to her torso, and she drilled her tight, teen pussy so hard. Her tight pussy gripped his dick and she made him cum inside of her. His tasty cum filled her pussy up, and when he pulled out his dick, all of his cum started dripping out of her pussy. 