The best thing about being a massage therapist is that all these young girls can’t wait to get naked in front of you and feel your hands on their tight bodies. Watching the girls cum, having one orgasm after another, is priceless! Very often they simply cannot resist grabbing my cock and sucking it right there lying on the massage table. That blonde teen was one of those girls. She was stunning – blonde hair, slender frame, her pussy was shaved with a tidy bush and her tits were perky. I was determined to see how many times in a row she can cum. I paid close attention to her snatch, rubbing the fluid all over her clit and pussy lips. Now, I inserted two fingers inside, making her moan loudly. Once she came for the first time, I guided her to her back, now busy oiling up her cute little ass. My fingers found their way inside once again until I felt the pussy walls tighten around them in another powerful orgasm. To spice things up, I grabbed a Hitachi. I used it on her pink pearl, and her twat soon began squirting all over the toy! I kept going and made her squirt love juices one more time. The young naked girl couldn’t refrain from fucking me anymore. As she lay on her back, I embedded my tool. My large shaft pumped a juicy load up her snatch. My cum was leaking from my pussy and running down her slender leg. As soon as I got hard again, I continued screwing her. The blondie now wanted to demonstrate her cock sucking skills. She wrapped her lips around my cock, spitting all over it. I got up, approached her from behind, and began drilling her twat without mercy. In a couple of minutes, my jizz was dripping down her thighs. The tart shoved her fingers inside her beaver, playing with my spunk.   The young naked girl wanted more, so I kept fucking her doggy style. How much spunk can she take? There was so much cum in her little pussy that large amounts were forced out each time I withdrew and thrust into her again. The sensation was incredible, just knowing that she was getting filled with spunk many times in a row was a huge turn on. Her slender figure was soon on top of me Now. I held her hips and helped her impale on my swollen manhood. My cock became even harder and sprayed more seed inside. We decided to stay in the reverse cowgirl position – I loved the view of her back arching in wild arousal. The girl could feel my dick pulse again and again as the cum poured out into her young pussy and added to the other loads that had already been deposited by me. When I unloaded a huge amount of cum one more time, I wanted her to face me. I played with her small boobs, and she kept going, thrusting her squelching cunt to meet my throbbing manhood. What a surprise – another wave of seed filled her tight slit. 5 or 6 more very large jets of semen pump through my cock deep into her womb! The little slut just loved that feeling of cum leaking out of her cunt and wanted her tight little pussy to be full of cum.