My new wife moved in with her teenage daughter. Ever since they moved in, I have been checking out the teen. There was something so slutty about her, and I was sure she was the biggest whore in her class. She was always on the phone with someone, and she would walk around the house half-naked, with pussy almost falling out of her shorts. I knew the slut was doing all that to tease me, but I couldn’t help it, as my dick would go up. All I kept thinking was her jumping on it as I made her scream. One day, I was home alone and my wife was on a business trip. At least, I thought I was alone because I heard something in the stepdaughter’s room. The door wasn’t closed, so I stood behind and took a peek. There she was, the little skank, holding her phone in one hand and rubbing that sweet cunt with the other one. She was sending those nudes to some guy, and I couldn’t keep away. And she did notice me watching her, but she just kept teasing me as she became even louder with her moans. What a bitch! The next day I entered her room, and she was all flirty. The teen was damn horny and she wanted to taste my cock! I couldn’t say no to this filthy thing as she was looking at me and making my cock go wild.   The little slut got down on her knees and took the thing out of my pants. It was clear that she was the cock sucking slut, as she immediately started blowing me, and pushing it down her throat. And she went too deep, she was gagging on it as I was enjoying it. Her mom never blew me like that, so this one was a real delight, and she made me cum crazily in her mouth. I couldn’t wait to dick her down and treat her like the slut she was. I wanted her young sexy body, no matter what! Then the other day, she did it again. The hot teen simply took it out and started gagging again, right before I was about to get out on a date with her mother. I knew I was going to be late, but I was so horny, so I took her to the bedroom. We were naked, and she immediately jumped on top of me. The teen whore was craving it so much, so she started riding me. Her snatch was soaked and so tight! And boy, was she loud! She turned around, and I pushed my finger down her ass as my dick was messing with her cunt. I was so horny, and I didn’t care about my wife waiting for me anymore. All I wanted was to nail her slutty daughter down and feed her with all my jizz. I didn’t stop and I kept hitting the bitch harder until I filled her little cunt with everything I had.