This little Asian hottie begged me to fuck her ever since I met her. Not that I didn’t want to, but I liked to see her beg for my cock. Finally, I agreed to give her a taste of my cock. She was in the sluttiest outfit I have ever seen. Her perky little tits were bound in a sexy laced, pink top, and her tight booty was in cute pink shorts. The young sexy girl wanted to show me how flexible she was. After she did her little dance and got out of that skimpy outfit, she was on her knees. Her little hands were eager to take my pants off and free my cock. I ran my cock across her warm moist lips, as I did she parted her lips and I slipped the head of my cock into her waiting mouth. Her lips wrapped around my cock in seconds and I relaxed and let her worship my dick with her mouth. I felt her tongue slide over the head of my cock as she sucked it. My cock was too big for her, but she swallowed half of my shaft. I could feel her drool dripping from her mouth to my knees and all over my dick. The little naked girl sucked me off, sloppily and she made my dick so wet I couldn’t wait to get inside of that tight pussy and pound her as hard as I could. I like petite girls, so small and lightweight, I can effortlessly bounce them on my long cock. Her throbbing pussy slowly started to slide up and down the length of cock. She closed her eyes and started to moan with delight at the feel of my cock going deep in her tiny pussy. I just laid there letting her pussy adjust to my size. The petite naked girl sped up and amplified her hip movements, thrusting his cock deeper and deeper into herself, faster and faster, as she impaled herself on him over and over. Then I felt her whole body shake and I knew she was cumming this drove me crazy.   I began ramming my cock in and out of her. The petite naked girl turned around and kept slamming her pussy down on my prick again and again. Her love juices were flowing down over my balls. I knew she was going to climax so I thrust my cock deep into her pussy as she started to cum. I felt spasm after spasm from her teen pussy as she let go. She then collapsed onto the bed trying to catch her breath. Soon I had her on all fours and her tight little ass was in the air. I pushed my big cock inside of her narrow hole, and she moaned at the contact. She needed me to go faster, harder, deeper. Her sweet little pussy gripped my cock in another orgasm and I could feel it getting tighter with every thrust. I pounded her so hard and deep, she couldn’t stop cumming and screaming for more. I had made her cum so many times, and now she wanted to return the favor. The little girl rushed to her knees and started using her tongue to get me off. The feel of this drove me over the edge and I exploded shooting my cum in her mouth. I also sprayed her cute face with my creamy spunk. The girl licked my cum and cleaned my dick like a good little slut after this hardcore banging.