I couldn’t wait for the semester to be over, so I could go back home for the 4th of July. Honestly, I was most excited about seeing my hot blonde stepsister and how much she had grown. And I was pleased when I saw her. I ran to her room and she was so happy to see me. The first thing I noticed was how big her boobs were. She was a real woman and her curves were on fire. I was even aroused after seeing that. As I hadn’t seen her in a long time, I wanted to do something for her. I asked her what she wanted, and she mentioned fireworks. However, I didn’t have much cash, so my thought was to give her another kind of firework she would not remember. But, the little skank was thinking the same way. She wanted to seduce me to get all festive. Blonde took her shirt off and I could finally see those things in front of me. They were big and round, and when she put her hands on them, I lost it. I wanted to get in there. And she was nasty. She got on the bed, got her panties off, and lifted her legs. There it was, a pink shaved cunt that she stretched just for me. I was going mad as I couldn’t believe that it was my stepsister making me so damn horny. My dick was going even crazier, but she knew what to make of it. My sis was a cocksucking slut, and she couldn’t wait to get it in her mouth.   She grabbed it with her hand and licked it with her tongue like a popsicle. But she was soo good at it. I came inside her mouth as she was blowing me. I came so hard, she had to swallow quick or choke on my cock. Later that day, I came across the slut in the kitchen. There was another thing she wanted for me, but this time, It would cost her more. But she didn’t seem to mind. My sister stripped down and immediately started blowing my cock. I couldn’t resist the temptation to have full access to her tight pussy. I made her turn around, and I grabbed her neck as I pushed my cock inside her. And I didn’t want to be gentle as this chick deserved hardcore nailing for being so naughty. Like any other whore, she loved it when I was choking her. But then we got interrupted as her mom was on her way. So I had to wait again. I picked her up as she sunbathed by the pool, and I took her to my bedroom. Finally, I could do everything I wanted with my hot stepsister. I had her in the doggy, smashing her bald pussy as she was moaning. I watched her amazing big bubble ass as she worked her hips, up and down, in circles, sliding my cock in and out of her. As my sister bounced up and down I kissed her and explored her flawless body with my hands. I wanted to surprise her again, so I came inside her pussy as she was riding me. Happy Fourth of July indeed!