I have been waiting for this cute girl, Alexia, for over two months, and still, there was no sign of rent insight. So I decided to go over to her apartment and give her the eviction notice. As soon as she saw me pull up she hurried to her front door. So I ran and caught her before she slammed her front door in my face. This young girl is smoking hot. She was wearing sexy white shorts, and as we sat down on the couch, her booty spilled out of her shorts. This babe begged me to give her a week. So I did, she was too cute to say no. I waited the whole week, and like before there was no money from her. I stormed over to her place, and she opened the door in sexy, see-through underwear! But I had to keep my cool and tell her what’s going to happen. She tried to get out of this with simple excuses, but I didn’t budge. Before I had the chance to leave, Alexia got close to my face and asked me if there was anything she could do to buy herself more time. All the while she had her slutty little hand on my boner. She grabbed my hand and she led me to the bedroom. There the young sexy girl dropped to her knees and pulled down my pants! She started licking my hard cock and moving her tongue all around my balls. This petite girl swallowed my whole cock! My wife never did this to me! These teen girls can be very nasty. Now I wanted to taste her young sweet pussy. She let me kiss and lick her little cunt. I had been wanting this beautiful pussy for so long! She then reclined slowly backward and spread her long sexy legs wide in front of me. I’d never seen a girl more beautiful than Alexia!   I guided my hard throbbing cock slowly to her entrance. But I decided to tease her a little, and when she was on the bed taking my cock, I stopped. I stopped thrusting inside of her and told her to move her hips and fuck herself on my cock. This eager little slut did exactly as she was told. That’s a good little cock-loving slut. Her tight little pussy squeezed my cock, and when I flipped her over and fucked her from behind I could feel she was so close to cumming. I pounded her harder and grabbed her tight little ass. She moaned and screamed, even begged for me to go deeper. This sexy hottie was begging for my cum, she needed me to shoot my load inside of her tight little pussy. So I flipped her over on her back, and she grabbed her legs and brought them to her torso. This young naked girl needed me, and I wanted to cum inside of her more than anything. I pounded her teen pussy as she begged for my cum. She came all over my cock, and as her tight little walls squeezed my cock, I let go and I shot my big load into her tight little pussy. I pulled away and saw my cum dripping from her cunt, and her taking her finger and tasting my load. I didn’t want to stop and pushed my cum back into her cunt. I kept fucking her and cumming in her pussy.