I was in the kitchen trying to make breakfast when my sexy stepdaughter walked in. She was in the cutest pink dress, and as much as I tried to focus on her eyes, I kept looking at her boobs. She was rambling on and on about how she wrecked her mom’s car. I didn’t realize what she wanted me to do about that, but when she asked me to cover for her and tell her mom that it was me, honestly, I was surprised. But this slutty teen hottie knew how to get under my skin and get everything she wanted. My stepdaughter was soon on her knees with my hard cock in her mouth! Her juicy lips were wrapped around my cock and she sucked me like those sluts in porn. Ok, I grabbed her hair and began fucking her mouth rough and hard. This little dirty slut earned herself a favor from her daddy. The next day, after I told her that the car was my fault, her mom got angry and stormed out. But my lovely and slutty stepdaughter greeted me with my favorite breakfast. She is such a cute little slut. I knew she would get addicted to my cock. I let her pull down my pants and stroke my cock with her small hands. We have gone too far already, and now we can go as far as we want. Her mouth sucked my big cock.   I could feel her drool dripping on my cock, making it so wet and ready for her tight little pussy. She took off her tiny blue shorts, and she bent over to show me her big bubble ass and her tight pussy. She used her hands to spread her big ass cheeks and pushed herself on my cock. Her tight little pussy wrapped around my dick like it was made for me. The feeling of her young pussy squeezing my cock was amazing. She moaned and screamed for more, so I listened to my slutty little angel and I gave her everything she wanted. Her tight pussy milked my cock and I came all over her pretty lips. The next few days were quiet, I kept both of our secrets from her mother, and whenever she was around she behaved like a good girl. But one morning, as I was sitting in the living room, I saw her mom walk out the door for the day. This slutty little brunette appeared on the couch in seconds. She was in the sexiest red PJs, and I could feel my cock getting hard from looking at her. She read my mind, and soon I was pounding her tight pussy in doggystyle as she begged for me to fuck her harder. She is young but her ass is something I have never come across before, making me feel eighteen again when I could cum in less than a minute. Her big, round ass twerked and shook wildly with each my thrust balls deep into her pussy. Her tight pussy tightened around my cock, and I knew we were ready to cum. She gasped and moaned as my cock went in and out of her young pussy. She begged me to fill her pussy up with my cum, and with one last stroke, I did.