The craziest time of my life started when my new stepmom moved in. Dad brought this sexy MILF with blonde hair and huge tits. The lady would walk around the house with no panties, and she always had tight clothes that would show off her curves. My dick would go all wild every time she would stand near me. And this blonde was always teasing me, even when my old man was around. One day he was gone for a business trip, and the slut took the chance to come to me and seduce me. She kept asking me if I had a girlfriend, and she was keen to give me some of that mature pussy. Blondie took her tits out and played with them to tease my cock. And boy, it was getting so hard down there. When she put her hand on my pants, I knew it was going to get wild. Mommy got it out and grabbed it. She was so good at sucking and none of the school sluts blew me like this. It was clear that this bitch sucked a lot of cocks. I wanted to cum inside her mouth and she even swallowed it. We were alone for a few days, so I wanted to get more of that skank. I found her in the kitchen, preparing lunch. As soon as she saw me, she became all playful and I had my thing inside her mouth again. Only this time, I got to explore that wet snatch. I fucked her while she was sitting on the kitchen stool, with her legs open. Her amazing big tits were in front of my face. I grabbed her boobs with both hands, she liked it. Stepmom loved my dick and I wasn’t going to disappoint the whore. I fucked her from behind and left her with a wet present into her cunt. Then a few days later, I started dating this busty blonde. I started to like MILFs. I realized that mature women turned me on more than teen girls did. Women reach their sexual peak at a much later age than men so a MILF craving a young cock is perfectly natural.   She was a great fuck, and I decided to bring her home. But to my surprise, she was friends with my new mom! I couldn’t believe it, so I left the girls to chat as I went to my room to jerk it off. I imagined these two MILFs kissing each other’s pussies, and my dick was going all wild as I was stroking it. But then the door opened and the ladies came in and saw me masturbating! Finally, all my dreams came true. I had two busty blondes in my room willing to let me fuck both of them. I was so excited and my new MILF immediately got down on me as my mom began licking her friend’s pussy. It was so crazy, and I was horny as hell. The best one was when I fucked my slutty mommy as my girlfriend was rubbing her clit. The hot naked blondes took turns sucking my cock and each other’s clit. I even wished my dad would come in and see how much of a whore this chick was. I wanted to nail the sexy naked girls both so hard, they would scream my name. So I did. I also left the MILFs both with wet creampies in their cunts.