This stunning, curvy brunette was in the gym, working on her perfect ass. But during her workouts, she pulled a muscle in her lower back. The hot girl was on the floor, with her sexy legs spread apart and her booty up in the air. She tried every yoga position, and the only thing it did was make her horny. It’s a good thing that her gym buddy was here to help! So she turned to him and asked him to help her stretch. He was more than happy to help this beautiful girl. But the stretching he had in mind was a little more intense than she hoped for. She got on all fours, and he got behind her. His hands grabbed the hem of her leggings, and he pulled them down, under her ass. Her gorgeous ass was right in front of his face. She didn’t complain, and when his hands massaged her back and moved lower, she only moaned. His finger massaged her pussy lips, and she could feel her pussy getting wetter and wetter by the seconds. His tongue found its way to her clit, and she gasped at the touch. He knew exactly what she wanted, and she moved her pussy into his face harder. With his hands gripped tightly on her ass, he attacked her pussy, licking, sucking, getting his tongue in as deep as possible. His tongue made her pussy throb and ache for his cock. As if he read her mind, he pushed his cock inside of her tight pussy. She moaned and begged him to fuck her harder, to fuck her faster. This was her favorite sexual position and the sexy babe was enjoying every second of it.   He pounded her from behind, and he pulled on her hair. She needed to be fucked like a slut. His cock stretched out her pussy, and made her scream for more with every thrust. He moved her to the big gym ball and he thrust into her pussy as hard as he could. He would be masturbating over the memory of this day for the rest of his life. His cock hit her sweet spot every time and the girl was cumming on his cock. As soon as she was on top of him, she slammed her perfectly pink pussy on to his cock and started riding him for all she was worth. He kept eating her pussy and kissing, licking and sucking her ass. He licked hard and fast to get her into a frenzy. It sent shockwaves through her body. He then began fucking her right on the treadmill. The sexy naked girl began a soft jog on the treadmill with his cock in her cunt. Faster and faster. His balls slapping against her gorgeous ass. They bucked violently, slamming into each other with each thrust. Her ass slamming against him was an awesome sight. They were like two animals, fucking out of sheer desire and passion, completely lost in erotic sensation. The naked girl kept riding him and another orgasm rippled through her luscious, young body. She came in seconds, and then she had her mouth wrapped around his cock, and ready to take his tasty cum.