This sexy petite teen skipped school and went home. She made sure that no one was home. This teen did everything not to get caught, and when she sneaked into her house she went into the living room. She needed a break from school and tests. Her friend called her and while she gossiped on the phone, she didn’t notice the cameras around the living room. Her stepbrother was home, and he used his hipped cameras to spy on his stepsis and get her in trouble. But then the girl pulled down her shorts together with her panties, laid back on the couch, spread her legs wide open and started rubbing her pussy. She fingered her soaking wet pussy and rubbed her hard clit. Her long fingers and her long nails were buried deep inside of her pink teen cunt. She was close to cumming, when her stepbrother barged into the living room! The naked girl pulled herself together fast and covered herself with a pillow. She was shocked that someone was home. He took his phone out and showed her the camera clips of her sneaking in and fingering her pussy. She needed those clips gone, and since she was already horny, she decided that her brother would help her cum. She spread her legs in front of him, and one hand went to her wet slit. The horny teen girl wanted her stepbrother to lick her there. He buried his head between her thighs, moving his tongue all over her pussy. Then his naked sister dropped to her knees and took his cock in her small hands. Her little mouth wrapped around his cock and he watched his step sister sucking it with great pleasure. He gasped at how good she slurped his cock. The little slut didn’t forget about his testicles, caressing them with her fingers.   His clothes were gone in moments, and he pushed his little stepsis on the couch. He could see his cock sliding in and out of her pink slit. He watched his hands on her boobies and reaching down between her legs he found her clit and began rubbing it. He sat down and she climbed on top of him. The young naked girl slid her pussy down on his cock and she let him pound his cock into her. She stood still while he moved his hips and thrust hard and deep inside of her. She moaned and screamed for more. Her older stepbro drilled her pussy how she liked and she could feel her orgasm building deep inside of her. This petite brunette teen needed his cock to go deeper, so she sat down on his cock and she moved her tight little ass. She twerked and milked his cock with her tight pussy. She needed his cum inside of her pussy and her dirty little mouth. He caught her hornier than she had ever been, and she wanted him to make her cum as she’d never cum before. Her young tight pussy squeezed his cock and he stretched her pussy. This freaky horny slut pounded herself on his hard member, lifting herself up and dropping back down on him, cumming all over his cock. She mixed her juices with his. She begged for his big load and he let go and shot it deep inside of her tiny pussy. She got back on her knees and she used her slutty tongue to clean his cock and slurp his tasty cum. Her little mouth wrapped perfectly around his cock and he let his slutty sis clean his cock before getting to fuck her again. 