My wife’s daughter was sad for days. It seemed like something was on her mind constantly. She saw her boyfriend with another girl and he was probably cheating on her. I just wanted to cheer her up and offered her a hug. But the girl suddenly gave me a kiss and she was all confused at first. I felt her tongue part my lips. Her mouth was soft and warm. She was young and so beautiful. When chicks are sad and angry, their pussies go wild, and all they think about is fucking. She wanted to forget her ex as quickly as possible, her pussy was determined to get something inside it so she jumped again to get my tool out of my pants. I was in shock and didn’t know how to react. But her mouth was already all over the head of my cock. The feeling was amazing. She was bobbing her head up and down my dick zealously while her hand caressed my nuts. It turned out that my stepdaughter was a much bigger slut than her mom. And I loved it as dirty girls always turn me on, especially when I am not allowed to play with them in the first place. She sucked my cock like her mother used to do it, licking the tip to tease me just enough. My cock was hard as a rock and her pussy was craving that. The blonde teen took off her red lingerie seductively, sat on the couch, opened her long legs wide and waited with great anticipation. There it was, a young cunt shaved and wet just for me!   My dick was craving that young and fresh pussy. I got inside, and it was so tight and warm down there. My dick was so hard and I started off gently. I was penetrating her, faster and faster. I was lost in a fairy tale world between the closeness of her pretty face, her naked boobies and the feeling of her wet pussy lips around my cock. I finally couldn’t take it anymore and I exploded inside her pussy. I stayed inside her filling her pussy with my sperm. My cock kept spurting waves of cum inside her tummy as we kissed. I pulled my dick out of her and a large gob of cum leaked out of her pussy. She turned around, stuck her ass out and said ‘Just keep fucking me, cum where you want just fuck me’ Fucking a little slut in the doggy is my favorite, as I get to watch and grab that ass on top of my cock. This babe was petite, and so was her ass, but it was cute. I wanted to hit that too, but I was saving it for the next time. This time, I needed her to get addicted to my cock, so I began going harder and deeper. I was banging her until I heard the loudest moan ever. After she was satisfied, I was ready to finish. It was a wet present all over her face to cure her sorrow!