This young girl sneaks into her friend’s room hoping she can stay the night away from your homophobic parents. She then reveals that she thinks she may be gay but isn’t sure. Her friend, a sexy blonde babe, who is a lesbian herself – is supportive, offering to lead her through her first lesbian experience to help her figure out if she’s gay. Moreover, she has been fantasizing about her girlfriend for some time now, secretly hoping she’ll let her taste her pussy one day. The girls take their tops off and start kissing passionately. In a couple of minutes, the brunette belle removes her tiny panties, revealing a glistening cunt. Her lesbian girlfriend lies between her legs and inserts her tongue inside the virgin slit! She uses her lips to suck on the clit, bringing her lover to her very first orgasm! Her turn now – the dark-haired lesbian begins working on her friend’s button now, moving her tongue up and down the velvety clit. There is nothing better than tasting pussy for the first time! The curly sweetie plays with her perky boobs and hard nipples, begging her lover to keep licking her pussy. The young lesbian then lies on her back, eating the snatch out as her friend sits on her face. The naked girl starts grinding her wet pussy all over her face. Both young naked girls are so horny at this point that they start scissoring wildly, rubbing their soaked cunts against each other. They use the opportunity to kiss and gaze into each other’s dazzling eyes. The lesbians keep going, grinding thier clits against each other. Their slender figures intertwine in a wild passion, and the moans become louder. The blondie is the first to cum, trembling in an intense orgasm, but she still wants more. She gets on all fours as her brunette lover eats her pussy from behind, making it all wet and slippery. Once again, the curly lesbian cums hard, smearing the love juices all over her girlfriend’s tongue. The brown-haired nympho gets the same treatment, moaning loudly as her slit cums. 