Your daughter calls me daddy too! This man is visiting his stepdaughter to get some papers for her to sign. He finds her walking around the house without panties and flashing her tight twat. He knows his stepdaughter has always been a horny rascal, showing her petite body whenever she gets the chance. Why wouldn’t she – she is a young nymphet, boasting perky tits, a tiny waist, and a cute belly button embellished with a piercing. Her skin is flawless, and ivory and her perfectly round ass is a dream come true. But he’s NOT expecting it when, moments later, her neighbor shows up. The guy doesn’t seem to mind seeing his daughter half-naked. Instead of shying away, the blondie makes a move on the handsome neighbor, kissing him passionately. She removes her skimpy top and rushes to wrap her lips around the guy’s stiff rod. The cutie slurps on the dick with enthusiasm while her stepdad is on the phone. The young couple is so hot they can’t stop teasing each other, and soon enough, they are screwing missionary. The older man is there to witness as his stepdaughter gets pussy drilled, moaning and begging for more, but he doesn’t leave the room. He can see all of her, her beautiful young pussy, her cute little ass, her legs spread wide open and he can see the guy’s hard cock sliding in and out of her pink slit. Once again, his naked stepdaughter takes the shaft inside her mouth but now shoves it all the way down to her throat. The spit oozes down the rod, making the balls wet and slippery.   Despite her petite frame, the youthful belle successfully accommodates the dick inside her mouth. The naked girl gets on all fours in a couple of moments, and the stud inserts his pecker inside, fucking the slut doggy style. Although the daddy is disapproving, he can’t look away as the young neighbor spanks the blondie’s tight ass. She is so aroused she can’t stop moaning, arching her back in intense pleasure. The slender beauty now straddles the guy, riding the shaft reverse cowgirl style. The guy holds the cutie’s ass, guiding her to speed up. The girl rides harder his cock, lifting herself up and dropping back down on him. His hands are on her perky tits and reaching down between her legs he finds her clit. Another sloppy blowjob for the lucky stud – his cock is worshipped and sucked with gusto. The sweetie wants another wild ride but is now facing the guy. Guy’s strong hands hold her firm ass as she keeps impaling. Her small but perky boobs get squeezed and nibbled, and her super tight buttocks get more spanking. Missionary pounding is next, where the already sizzling action becomes even hotter. The blonde teen babe rubs her swollen clit while the dick rams her love hole faster and faster, and her body soon begins shaking in an intense orgasm. Once the stud is done fucking the girl, he pulls out and approaches her face, stroking his rod. She is there to welcome a shower of warm seed all over her cute mouth. The insatiable slut doesn’t mind her stepdad was there to see her fuck the horny neighbor.