The chicks used to be lovers. After some time, things started falling apart since the lesbian couple began fighting all the time. This morning, the belles are quarreling again. The voluptuous blonde decides to try her luck with a man. She brings a guy home just to make her ex-girlfriend jealous. The inked-up blonde with humongous tits starts making out with the guy, letting him play with her hooters while her ex-partner is there watching. He is pounding her juicy pussy in a standing doggy in a couple of minutes, making her moan loudly. She is so loud that the other chick in the other room can hear her scream. The petite redhead is beyond furious and decides to seduce the guy in spite of her ex. It’s a win-win situation – she’ll get to fuck a dick and show her ex that she is over her. While the new lovers are screwing in the kitchen, the redhead takes her clothes off. The babe stands in front of the guy, wearing nothing but a small black thong. She shakes her boobs and her tight ass, secretly inviting the stud to her room. He can’t resist such a sex kitten – he stops fucking the curvy babe and follows the skinny harlot. Once he enters her room, she is there fully naked, rubbing her soaked cunt for his viewing pleasure. He whips his huge rod out and offers it to the cutie. She is more than happy to suck his cock – it’s big, rock hard, and juicy. She can feel her pussy pooling as she teases the dick with the tip of her tongue. The curvy belle interrupts the blowjob, storms inside, and demands an explanation. When he returns to fuck his busty girlfriend some more, she lets him blindfold her.   All she wants is to get fucked good and hard until her snatch pulsates in an orgasm. The tattooed sweetie is gorging on the massive shaft, drooling all over it. She can’t see a thing but can feel the manhood becoming stiffer inside her wet mouth. Her lover guides her to turn around and begins banging her twat doggy style, holding her big bubbly butt. The slender naked girl is there, getting wet from the sight of her ex-girlfriend fucking so wildly. The blonde can’t see that her ex is tasting the cock, watching as he puts the shaft back inside the drenched love hole. When the ginger head starts kissing her neck, the curvaceous tart realizes they are in for a steamy threesome. After all, there is enough cock for both of them. As the fit nympho rides the dick reverse cowgirl style, the busty babe is there to rub her pink button. She sits on the guy’s face, kissing with the cock-riding cutie. The naked girls switch places now, groping each other’s big tits as they moan in unison. He and his dick are simply following their leads. Both naked girls are riding his cock and his face with their wet pussies as they also tongue each other’s mouths. When he is sure that both babes are fully satisfied, the man pulls out and treats horny hotties with his creamy jizz.