If you have a bratty disobedient little stepdaughter that needs to be taught some discipline, you have to handle it yourself like a real man. This gorgeous petite blonde teen was too mischievous though, so her stepdad had to drill this lesson into her the naughty way. It means that nothing fixes the problem faster than a big cock! When he threatened her to tell her mom what she was up to, she begged him to keep her secret. She promised she would do anything to make him keep her secret. So the little slut dropped to her knees and wrapped her hands around his cock. He rammed his big cock so deep into her mouth; her nose was smashed against his hairy stomach. She continued to swallow hard, gulping his hot juice down her throat. You can tell when girls have given a lot of blowjobs by their ability to swallow a cock. She was 18 but she sucked it all out of him like a vacuum cleaner. When the stepdad was cumming in her throat he was worried she might choke, if he didn’t pull his cock out, and allow her to breathe. She milked him like a pro, and when he filled her mouth he promised to keep her secret from her mom if she stopped sneaking out. One morning, while she was coming in through the back door at 7am wearing a slutty lavender dress, her stepdad was waiting for her. He told her that she couldn’t go sneaking around having sex like a slut, and pushed her over his knee to spank her. But the horny teen liked it way too much, and she begged him to fuck her, even though she had been fucking all night! His slutty stepdaughter dragged him into her bedroom and she took off his pants. Soon she was on all fours, with her head buried in her pillows. Her daddy had his cock deep inside of her pussy, drilling her. Her ass cheeks were as gorgeous and wide and soft and tight. He fucked her frantically, his hips slapping against her cute ass with every thrust. The young naked girl moaned and begged him to fuck her harder. So he flipped her over and let her climb on top of him. She slid his pussy down his cock. Her pussy squeezed his cock hard, and both of their orgasms were building quickly. He wanted to pound her hard, and he flipped them over, so she was on her back. His cock went deep inside of her, and with a few more thrusts he filled his stepdaughter’s pussy while she creamed for her daddy to make her cum. 