Learn the best way to give a girl a happy ending massage! Naked girl on the massage table and he begins caressing her young perfect body, light moving his hands across her tummy, coating her small titties in oil. He spreads the oil all over her body, but he focuses on her nipples. He rubs her hard nipples and she can feel the wetness pooling in her pussy. His hands move down and as if he can read her mind, his fingers slip all the way to her clit. The naked girl closes her eyes and relaxes, letting herself be drawn into the massage. He opens her pussy lips with his fingers and gently massages her clit. The girl doesn’t raise her head just parts her legs instinctively, letting him work his magic. His hand starts pressing and rubbing harder on her clit and rubbing her wet labia, around and around. Her eyes roll back when he feels his fingers penetrate her pussy. The naked girl whimpers and moans as he begins a steady rhythm, plunging his fingers in and out of her vagina. Then her masseur gets naked too, she can see his big hard cock, wet with pre-cum. She wants to suck this marvelous cock, lick and kiss it all over. The babe opens and lowers her mouth, feeling the hot head in her mouth. The taste of his cock makes her so excited. She spreads his precum around her lips with her tongue, getting them nice and slick for the journey they are about to take – down the length of his big dick. Soon, it is sliding in and out of her lips, his big head filling her mouth.   He then uses his tongue to massage her pussy, sliding his tongue between her pussy lips, tasting her center, licking from the top to the bottom and back up. Nothing better than licking a clean shaven pussy and giving her a mind blowing orgasm! The naked girl moans and begs for more. Before she realizes what happens she is on all fours, moaning and gasping as he pounds her tight pussy with his big penis. This horny brunette teen lets her masseuse drill her hard, and gives her the deep massage she has been craving. She climbs on top of him, and she rides his cock, moving her pussy up and down along his shaft — from his balls to the head of his cock. It is so sexy to watch the way she arches her back as she moves up and down his hard cock. He pushes her on her back the massage table. This sexy naked girl is on her back with her legs in the air, and she is begging him to keep fucking her. He thrusts inside of her teen pussy a few more times, before giving her what she wants. He pulls ways and his cum is trailing out of her. The most amazing sensation for any girl is the sensation of warm cum feeling her vagina up, leaking out and trickling down her thighs. But she wants more. The naked girl gets on all fours and sticks her ass up in the air…