It is the hottest part of the year and fires are starting everywhere. It is not really helpful when a blonde firefighter with a hot body walks in, as it only adds more fuel and things get really crazy. The petite babe has come to rescue a sexy hunk, but once he saw her, things only got hotter. The chick was attractive and she was inspecting the house with no panties. He would follow her around, dreaming about hitting that sweet thing down to the core. And the little girl was horny too, so she realized that this was a false alarm that made her pussy so wet and eager to get something firm in it. The stud finally caught the little girl and threw her on the sofa. Her cunt was shaved, swollen with desire and it was tempting him to taste it. The girl opened her legs and down he went. It was warm and soaked down there, but it tasted delicious. This cutie was a true delight, and he wanted to please her for risking her life just to get his cock up and running. And the tiny slut loved it. The tip of his tongue was tickling her while she felt a pleasing sensation that made her feel so relaxed. The guy dipped his finger down there to tease her some more. But his pants were hiding a long hose that was getting ready to fill that burning thing with some heavy liquid. His cock was going wild, and it was time to get it out. It was a big one and the naughty firefighter immediately wanted to try it. He pushed it down her mouth and she began blowing it gently. It was growing harder in her throat, and she sure loved to get it as deep as she could. His balls were saggy and she sucked on them too, as her hand was stroking the big thing.   It was messy as she was slurping on the tool like it was a lollipop. Everything was dripping from her mouth as she was choking on this cock. She spread up her cheeks with two fingers, one at each side of her mouth and began fucking his cock like that. A slut like this one wanted to do all the filthy things to please her man, but her pussy always came first. And she needed to get that hose in it. The hunk moved to the sofa and the tiny blondie got on top of him. She was rubbing his dick against her pussy at first, getting it all excited. It was soaked and ready to get destroyed. She got the thing inside her cunt, and it even hurt her a little as she was pretty tight. But then she just wanted to get it deep down there until she could reach her satisfaction. Babe was riding the tool like a hooker as she was loudly moaning. As she was getting closer, she started to scream. Her legs were shaking so bad as her body was on fire. Her eyes crossed as the orgasm ripped through her. The crazy slut was working her cute little ass in all kinds of ways – grinding motions, circles, up and down, cumming all over his cock. Her whole body was shaking uncontrollably in one endless orgasm, her toes curled, she gritted her teeth as she came.