My busty and curvy stepmom asked me to help her with her phone, and when I looked through it, I found some kinky MILF porn. I asked if she is into that kind of stuff and offered to make all those fantasies a reality! I wondered if she had a crush on me, just like I had a crush on her. She’s gorgeous, and her tits were made in heaven, so who wouldn’t have a crush on her if she was their stepmom. It’s a good thing that dad has to work a lot more lately because if he was in the house all the time, I wouldn’t have the opportunity to have sex with my my stepmom. When I walked over to her and asked her what it was about stepfamily porn movies that she liked so much, she dismissed me quickly and went on with her day. So I waited, and the next day when I was dealing with her laptop, I found more MILF porn videos to tease her with. She walked through the door in a sexy summer dress, and when I mentioned her search history and all MILF porn I had found there, she was putty in my hands. When I promised that my dad wouldn’t find out, she gave in to temptation and fulfilled all her fantasies with my young dick! Standing in front of me she pulled her big tits out of her dress and hold them with both hands. Then she pulled the dress up her waist exposing her hairy pussy! Her pussy lips were shaven but she had a nice bush on her mound! I grabbed her tits, then rubbed her bush, her wet pussy lips. Then she just turned around and sat on my cock in one smooth motion. Her big naked ass was bouncing in my lap and I was ready to cum in her. unfortunately my dad came home early. The next day I overheard her and my dad arguing, and this was the perfect timing to make this MILF slut, my cum slut! She grabbed my cock and sucked me like a pro. Soon my cock was buried in her tight and hairy pussy, and she was screaming my name. I pounded this sexy MILF from behind on the couch, sideways and I even let her ride my huge cock. Watching her big tits bounce back and forth under her dress was amazing. I felt her pussy squeeze my cock after a few thrusts and I came inside of her deep. Her tight and hairy pussy gripped my cock tightly when she felt my load inside of her. I gave my stepmom the fantasy she wanted. 