I have this hot stepsister, and she has been hitting on me for quite a while. She would touch me any time she could or she would walk around in tight clothes, always aiming her ass at me. I didn’t even notice it at first. One day, she was outside sunbathing. My almost naked stepsister asked me to help her put on the sunscreen, so I did it. But then she wanted me to splash it on her ass! And boy, what an ass! I felt awkward. I mean, it was my sister. But she made me do it, so I touched that juicy ass. I instantly got extremely turned on and I just needed to jerk off. Trying to hide my boner I ran off to the bathroom. Damn, that petite skank was getting me! I could think about anything but her perfect ass. I needed my phone back, so I entered the room and found her snapping nude photos with it. I confronted her, and she finally confessed that she had a crush on me and filmed a naughty video for me. I was shocked, but she didn’t care that we were stepsiblings now. All she wanted was to fuck me! I couldn’t contain my dick any longer, so I let it out. She was the hottest thing in school, so why wouldn’t I fuck my stepsis? The slut immediately went for my dick and she started sucking it. She surely did suck so many of them before, as she was blowing me good.   I was enjoying that blow as my dick was getting so hard. She got down to my balls and sucked them as she jerked me with one hand. It was so good. I was close to cumming in her mouth, but it was too much for me, so I ran off to the bathroom to jerk it off until the end. Later, I found her in the living room. I wanted to talk about it, but just looking at that fine body made me crazy. I was crazily horny and I wanted that pussy immediately. She was still horny, and she grabbed my dick again. It went up, and she took her shorts off. There were no panties underneath, and the little skank turned over and bent over the sofa. I had to hit that cunt. I got behind her and entered that wet hole. It was shaved and she was tight. I started banging her lightly, but she wanted it deep, so I followed. I pounded her like that until she got up and took her top off. She had nice little tits and then she sat on top of me. I was holding her cute ass as she was giving herself a ride on my cock. All she cared about was making that pussy cum. Her big bubble ass was bouncing as my cock pumped her pussy and my balls slapped against clit. She was becoming louder and finally, I made her cum. It was soaked, and she dipped her finger to spread it all over the snatch. Then my stepsister finished me off, so I filled her to the top!