Ever since I noticed that this smoking hot brunette is jogging every morning, and keeping her tight little body perfect, I decided to follow her example. Since that day, I jogged almost every day, and I never seem to have the time to say hello to her. But today will be different. I stopped and introduced myself, then I invited her to my place. Between her in her jogging gear and her naked on her bed, is only a few sentences of conversation. She grabbed my wife’s huge vibrator and made her young pussy squirt for me! I dropped to my knees and I licked and sucked her young wet squirting pussy. My cock was aching for her pussy. As if she’d felt it, the naked girl dropped to her knees and took my cock into her mouth. She is such a little cum slut. She moved her head harder and faster every time I sucked my breath in. Then she pushed me onto the bed and straddled me. With one smooth motion, I felt her sink her pussy onto my cock, and I slid inside her. She pushed herself down, burying me fully inside little pussy. Her spasming pussy clamped around my cock and quickly pushed me over the edge. My cock exploded filling her hot cunt for the first time. Spurt after spurt of my hot cum filled her pussy to the brim. But that didn’t stop her. Without giving me time to recover she pushed her pussy back onto my cock and quickly started fucking me hard and fast. My hard cock slamming into her slick wet cunt. Cum was streaming out of her pussy onto me. I started shooting my thick hot creamy cum in her pussy for the second time. The young naked girl began to convulse on my cum soaked cock as I pushed in and out of her pussy relentlessly, cumming in her. She collapsed on the bed, cum was squrting out of her pussy now. But this cum slut always wanted more, and I was about to give it to her. I kept filling her pussy up with my cum until she couldn’t take it anymore, and I covered her face. This gorgeous slut knows how to milk a big cock. Before she left my house, this stunning little slut made me cum again with her pussy, and my cock made her scream so hard before she came and mixed our juices together. She had another orgasm as I filled her pussy to over flowing with my cum. White sticky sperm was oozing out of her pussy and running down her legs. 