Emily never had an orgasm before, and she was determined to get her very first orgasm. She was alone in her room, watching porn to get in the mood. And everything was right. She could feel that her pussy was wet and that it needed some stimulation. She got her hand down there, and she started rubbing it, but she wasn’t sure what she was supposed to rub. It was exciting, but she couldn’t make it cum. She even started going more roughly, but something was not working. The girl was sad, rubbing her virgin pussy faster and faster, trying to feel an orgasm when her roommate knocked. The half naked girl opened the door with her wet pussy out and the blonde roomie offered to help her reach that climax. She told her to lie on her back and rub the dildo against her clit. She pushed it in gently, but it was not working. Her pussy was wet, but it was not really pleasing. The blonde slut decided to do it herself as her friend clearly had no idea what she was doing. She grabbed the toy and began slowly getting it in and out of the petite skank. It was making her hornier and she kept going like that. While she was there, her roommate decided to teach the little slut how good lesbian fucking would be. After steamy kissing, the brunette got down and spread her legs wide. The young lesbian touched her pussy slit, her clitty and her labia with the tip of the tongue before she pushed it deeper. Her pussy was so excited from all that tongue work. She screamed out and felt her very first orgasm rip through her body. It was the most wonderful feeling she had ever experienced. Now she wanted to taste her girlfriend, she wanted to taste her pussy juice, run her tongue along her silky pussy lips. The naked girl got between her legs to try her best to lick her pussy to orgasm. Both young naked lesbians kept circling and fucking each other’s pussies with their tongues. Emily was all ready for her first scissoring after a good 69 eat-out. Two naked girls rubbing their pussies against each other, awesome! Her first orgasm turned her into a lesbian forever. 