If there is a thing as a perfect family, then it couldn’t get better than this. At tonight’s step family dinner, they will all share a little bit more than expected. The sexy and petite blonde teen has had a crush on her stepdad, ever since he married her mom. She would always catch them in the act. But seeing her hunky stepdad, and his big cock ramming through her mom’s pussy made her horny. Now, whenever she sees her stepdad, her pussy starts getting wet and ruing her panties. But in this family, there is no need for scheming. While the whole family was eating, the sexy blonde teen just said ‘get over here and fuck me, daddy’. He was making out with her mom and she was stroking his naked cock, but the mom let him go and fuck her daughter. The dad stood up, took off her shorts, spread her legs and began licking her young pussy. Soot the naked girl positioned herself over his face and began fucking his face with her bald pussy, rubbing it all over his face. While the teen was busy getting her tight little pussy licked and fingered, the busty blonde mom turned her attention to her stepson. The MILF let the boy play with her big tits. Her daughter was on her knees, sucking her stepfather’s big hard throbbing piece of meat. The girl looked so horny, bent over the table with her cute little ass sticking out. Without any hesitation the daddy came closer and stuck his cock into her pussy. Her mother and her stepbrother watched the daddy fuck her. The mom took her hand, moved her hair out of the way and helped him fuck her better. He grabbed her hips and started pounding her hard and deep.   Soon all of them were in the living room, on separate couches getting fucked. The curvy and busty mom got to ride her stepson’s cock. The petite and horny blonde teen got the best pounding of her horny life, and she wasn’t about to stop. She let him fuck her like a little slut in every position imaginable. The young naked girl wrapped her legs around his torso, so she could feel his cock even deeper inside of her. The sexy mom let her stepson bury his cock inside of her, to make her tight pussy super wet. She rode him like a good cowgirl until he was begging her to cum inside of her. He needed to fill her up and call her pussy his. All he could hear behind him was his horny and slutty blonde teen stepsis, making his dad’s cock drenched in her juices. The MILF couldn’t stop cumming on the young cock, and her moans became one with her daughter’s. At the same time the dad worked his fingers fast in the young pussy and brought his stepdaughter to a squirting orgasm. Mom and daughter got pounded hard, riding the cocks together, fucking themselves up and down on those big meaty cocks. With every thrust of their dicks, these girls felt a shiver down their spine, and they knew that they were ready to make their pussies filled deep with their big loads of cum. So these two naked girls picked up the pace and milked their cock like good little sluts.