It was dull in quarantine and my parents were finally out of the house. I phoned my buddy to see where we could meet to have some fun. I was on the phone with him when somebody rang my doorbell. I was a little suspicious as I wasn’t expecting anybody. Once I opened the door, I saw my hot neighbor Kylie. She confessed that my stupid parents hired her to babysit me! I mean, what the fuck?! She was supposed to make me stay in the house and do all my chores and that shit. She was around the same age as I was, but clearly, my parents thought she would be a good influence. Little did they know that they got the filthiest whore in town all for me. The bitch made me do my homework, but I told her that I lacked some pussy and that I wanted her to jump on my cock. Shit, she didn’t even try to look much surprised. She took my hand and took me to the couch. Kylie took her top off and I saw those small tits in front of me. She was teasing me as she was slowly stripping out of the clothes. This babe was so hot and she was dancing just for me. I couldn’t wait to nail her down like a whore. She got on the bed and moved her panties aside. Babe was stretching her pussy lips and I could see her pink vagina. Then she squeezed her pussy with her fingers making a beautiful pussy lip sandwich for me.   It was a sweet pink pussy and it was so warm down there. My dick loved the show and it was going hard in my pants. I started unzipping them as my slutty babysitter was removing her panties. My cock was out so I pushed it inside her mouth. She was a superb cock sucker and I got it quite deep. It was huge and she was petite. I could only imagine how tight her snatch was. After that blowjob, I learned it. Her legs were open and I started hitting that pussy like a tornado. It was perfect for my thick tool and I was banging her hard. She placed her hands on my chest and bounced atop my cock. Her two short cute pigtails were bouncing too. Her wet shaved cunt was slapping against my balls. I felt her pussy clinch around my cock as she had an orgasm. We moved to my parents’ bedroom. The sexy naked babe began actively pushing her ass onto my cock, trying to get every inch deep inside her. I started to go wild and fucked her with all my might, smacking her ass as it bounced off my cock. My balls started to tighten up and I knew I wasn’t going to last much longer, but I kept going like that as she was screaming. I was getting ready to finish her off. My dick exploded like a volcano and I filled her cunt to the top.