Sexy schoolgirl is worried about her grades. She decides to put on the best outfit and knock on her teacher’s doors, hoping to find a way to make him change his opinion and give her one more chance. The slender hottie is in high heels, wearing super tiny denim shorts and a pink top. Her tiny waist is naked, and her sexy long legs are mesmerizing. When the man opens the door, he is surprised by the sudden visit, but the chick insists on talking. After persuading, he finally lets the cutie inside, explaining that she needs to study harder. She has other plans – the teen brunette takes a couple of sex toys out of her backpack, removing her top to show firm boobs. When she turns around and shows the teacher her tight ass, the guy can’t help the urge to grope it. He removes her shorts and inserts a glass dildo inside her little asshole! She wants her teacher to fuck her ass with the toy doggy style and he does it, making her squirm. The naked schoolgirl lies on her back next, getting more butt drilling, but now the man licks her beautiful pussy. He tastes the juices and pumps the dildo vigorously, slowly getting entranced. The teacher moves his tongue with such a force that the teen’s petite body begins shaking uncontrollably. The pussy licking makes the teacher so horny that he decides to take his cock out of the pants and demand a blowjob. The naked girl rushes to her knees to meet the throbbing manhood. She is determined to show all of her skills and fix her grades, so she gets down to business with great enthusiasm. Her lips are half-open as the man fucks her face, holding her head firmly.   The tart knows balls need some love too, so she jerks the cock while her lips suck the marbles. The blowjob is long and sloppy, so the guy returns the favor by extensive pussy and ass licking. He shoves the dick inside the snatch first, holding the chick’s hands while screwing her doggy style. Butt hole is next, drilled from behind without mercy. Damn, she is beautiful! A true pretty, young and slim beauty. He is fascinated with watching his big cock go in and out of her cute little ass. When the naked girl begins riding the cock anally, she can’t help but rub her pussy and soon reaches a powerful orgasm. The horny teacher doesn’t stop destroying the ass, turning loud moans into uncontrollable screams. The anal riding is still on, but now the cutie faces her teacher, treating him with the view of her small boobs. His thrusts are so powerful that her petite body jiggles, and her eyes roll to the back of her head. When the naked girl gets on all fours, the teacher’s dick pounds her ass once again. Missionary shagging helps the anal slut cum again, combining fast pussy rubbing with rough anal sex. The insatiable man stretches the tart’s orifices in all positions, slapping the ass. The schoolgirl’s orgasms make him even hornier, so his thrusts become more forceful with every new position. The super hot teen happily welcomes a shower of spunk on her face.