Ever since I married this girl, I started learning new things about her. First of all, I never knew she was so slutty. In fact, she was a swinger, and I had no idea. Our sex life is great. We would fuck all day long and most of the time we would spice it up with some games. Yesterday we decided to play stripping poker and I was nailing her. I had her naked so quickly, and she promised to let me do anything I wanted if I won. So I did my best to undress her and have her bald twat in front of me. It was wet and warm, and I dipped the tip of my finger in it to feel it. But she knew how to tease me. She left me and went to the bedroom. Soon she came back in her new lingerie, went straight for my pants and took my thing out. Then she licked it and put it in her mouth. She told me we were invited to a party, but before we left she wanted me to fuck the shit out of her. So I did. Wifey jumped on top of me, and I pushed my cock inside her snatch. The girl rode me until she was pleased. Then she finished me off and let my cum inside her mouth. It was time to go to the club, and I was not really interested in going that much. But when we arrived there, I realized this was not just a regular club. There was music, but all the people were hot and flirty. I saw so many bitches that I imagined riding on top of me. After a few drinks, half the club was naked and everyone was going wild. I lost my wife somewhere, so I went to look for her.   She was nowhere to be found, so I went to the ladies’ room. And there she was, passionately kissing a smoking hot blonde! I was amazed and shocked at the same time. She just looked at me in a devious way and continued playing with her new catch. It was arousing me so much as it was so hot watching my sexy wife get it on with another vixen. She pushed the girl against the wall and got her hands down her panties. Soon she got on her knees and dipped her tongue down that shaved pussy. The girl was moaning and it was time for me to leave as the naked girls sure as hell didn’t need my assistance. But when I got out, two voluptuous blonde girls grabbed me. Before I knew it, they threw me in a chair and unzipped my pants. My cock was out and I had two naked babes blowing me together. And they loved it deep, so they would push each other’s head to choke on my thing. One by one, each blonde took turns riding my cock. My wife had finished with the lesbian and came to watch me have fun with the girls. It was strange but so hot, watching my cock disappear into a new pussy, and seeing my wife watch me fuck another woman. Damn, she was masturbating, watching me fucking the sluts. Two naked blondes rode me until I was left with no juice at all. What a night! What a perfect weekend with my wife.