The sexy brunette with gorgeous blue eyes was tanning with her stunning blonde friend. These two busty hotties were laying on the big sunbed, enjoying the hot sun and playing with their wet cunts. The brunette un-tied the blonde’s bikini. She wrapped her lips around her hard nipples and used the other hand to undo her bikini panties. She grazed her slit with one finger and felt how wet she was. She left a trail of kisses from her nipples to her pussy. She was patient, and she was in the mood to play with this hot blonde. She lightly licked her clit, while her naughty fingers roamed over her soaking wet opening. Then the blonde fingered her friend’s tight opening. The naked girls were so into each other, that they barely noticed a horny hunk coming their way. His dick was already hard from watching these two sluts kissing and licking each other. The girls dragged him onto their big sunbed, and in seconds had their lips and tongues wrapped around his huge cock. The babes sucked him hard and in sync. He was living the dream, but these horny sluts were only starting. The lucky bastard had two equally beautiful girls both licking his balls. They were on either side of his giant cock, both kissing, sucking and licking from the balls along the shaft to the head. The babes couldn’t wait to fill their mouths, pussies and asses with his big hard dick for a hardcore anal threesome! Their pussies were throbbing for his cock, and the hot brunette was the first to receive the cock into her cunt. He pounded brutally at her cunt. But he knew he had to keep his energy to make both of these sluts cum.   Then the brunette helped the blonde to climb on him, and slide her pussy down his shaft. She rode him hard and fast. The babe needed to cum quickly, she had been waiting for this for too long. When the blonde got off his dick, the brunette impaled her ass on his cock. All she wanted was his cock deep inside of her ass. ‘Fuck me…fuck my ASS…shove your cocks in me.’ she screamed as he pounded brutally into her clutching anal opening. The blonde was between his legs to lick his big balls. Her friend was screaming, moaning, and begging for more. The pretty blonde waited for her friend to get her dose of his cum. They both had excellent hardcore anal action. Their big tits were flopping up and down. He kept destroying their assholes sideways, thrusting into their asses with every ounce of energy he had. His huge cock slammed into them balls deep. These two horny sluts used his cock to make their naughty holes throb and squirt. He got to fill their naughty mouths and cover their pretty faces with his tasty cum. The busty naked girls licked his spunk and his cock clean until all three of them were out of breath and energy.