My stepsis is a petite stunner with a cute smile and short dark hair. Despite her angelic appearance and frail body, I know she is trouble. I noticed my money disappearing, and she was my first suspect. I knew she was into all kinds of kinky stuff, always making problems with her naughty shenanigans. When I faced her, she had no choice but to admit it. I couldn’t believe how brazen she was. My stepsister began begging me not to tell mom and daddy about her outrageous behavior, and I realized this was my opportunity to get into her panties. I have always loved the way she looked, admired her petite skinny body, her perky boobs and a perfectly round ass. When she suggested blowing my cock to persuade me to keep my mouth shut, I was more than happy to accept the naughty offer. Her pouty lips were way more experienced than I could ever have imagined. My little pornstar began by moving her pink tongue over the tip of my shaft, making it rock hard instantaneously. The cutie looked me straight in the eyes, blowing my dick, smiling as I threw money at her. My cock was huge compared to her face, but she kept shoving it all the way down her throat. The sucking was so spectacular that I emptied my balls inside her mouth, and it looked like she loved the taste of my cum. Soon enough, I got horny again and asked my stepsister to help me with my boner. Turned out, she was willing to grant me full access to her body if I promised to not tell our parents what she was spending money on. She flashed her shaved cunt, letting me rub her clit. Soon enough, my sexy naked stepsister treated me with the view of her naked ass and a pink twat.   As she stretched her pussy lips, I took my cock out and embedded it inside. I loved the view of her tits, although they were small, and her dark eyes rolled to the back of her head. I looked as my rod slowly disappeared inside the soaked slit. My naked sister turned around, and I inserted my big cock up her tiny twat, screwing the slut doggy style. My hands held her two round ass cheeks and I pounded balls deep into her pussy. I have always been attracted to thin skinny girls. Unfortunately our parents came home and almost caught us fucking. This was the first time we fucked, but certainly not the last one. The next time we were alone, it didn’t take long before she undressed and began jerking my manhood with her small hands. I loved how she sucked my cock while her eyes begged me for more fucking. My naked stepsister moved her hips slowly at first but soon picked up the speed, riding my shaft. The little bitch wanted more drilling from behind, holding firmly by the sheets, moaning louder and louder. She was on her belly and I admired her round ass. The reverse cowgirl riding was spectacular. Not only was I able to see her cute little ass, but I also witnessed the pussy juices oozing down my rod, all the way down to my balls. What an insatiable slut! I have always known she was lusting after my manhood, and now we were fucking like wildcats anytime we stayed alone. I sprayed my stepsister’s little ass with my cum almost daily, and she used every opportunity to swallow my creamy jizz.