My stepdaughter is beyond gorgeous. Her face is pretty, with a cute wide smile, and her petite figure looks like it was made in heaven. I have always loved watching her walking around in her skimpy clothes, but I moved out some time ago. We have always had a good relationship, so I invited her and offered to let her stay in my luxurious apartment for a while. When she walked in, I noticed she was prettier and flirtier than ever. I told her not to drink my booze or invite any of the studs over, and it looked like she was happy with the terms. She just got back from the pool, wearing a cute pink bikini, smiling at me and it looked like she realized how beneficial it was for her to keep her daddy happy. After some seduction, she showed me her small boobs and gave me a naughty gaze. Her young teen pussy was shaved and tight, and the view of her masturbating gave me a boner instantly. She offered me her little pussy. I used my tongue to tease her clit and asshole, and I kept doing it until the cunt got all wet. In a couple of moments, my cock was in her mouth, while her brown eyes looked at me without any shame. Her long dark hair tickled my balls, and her small hands held my dick tightly. The brunette tart wanted to suck my cock on the balcony, so we moved the steamy action outdoors. Her blowjob skills were so spectacular I unloaded my balls inside her mouth, letting her taste the jizz.   Soon enough, she was in my room, now wearing a see-through top and cute panties. It was obvious she needed a fuck session. It didn’t take long for her to persuade me – the moment she showed me her slit, I was in for it. Her sexy legs were spread, and my rod entered her snatch with ease. She kept rubbing her clit, biting her lips in between loud moans. The missionary screwing was beyond hot, and I felt the urge to keep going, but faster. The young hottie turned around and flashed her naked ass. It was an invitation for doggy-style ramming. My arms were around the slut’s tiny waist, and her ass was juicy enough to shake in the rhythm of the drilling. The combination of the flawless skin and a slender, flexible body made me insane, so I couldn’t stop destroying the teen’s snatch from behind, making her butt cheeks red. I held one hand over her mouth, muffling her loud screams and moans. I lay on the bed and enjoyed the view of the petite figure rocking above me. The young sexy naked girl rode my dick like a pro, squeezing her small boobs, playing with the nipples. The wild rodeo suited her cock-hungry twat, and I felt it tighten around my shaft. The vixen’s fit body shook in an intense orgasm, flooding my dick and balls with sweet pussy juices. I sprayed my seed all over the hottie’s face.