She is a petite stunner, looking hot in casual sneakers and white knee-highs embellished with small pink hearts. Her tiny skirt hides orange panties and a soaked pussy, and the white lacy bra accommodates a pair of small but perky boobs. Despite her nerdy look and big glasses, the blonde schoolgirl feels hot and sexy. She is getting naked in a classroom, secretly hoping one of her teachers will catch her being naughty and bang her brains out. The hottie teases her little twat with a ruler, slowly spanking her tushy. Her fingers rub her clit passionately, making her creamy pussy ooze the love juices. The schoolgirl is on the table, fully naked, lost in the whirl of passion. But suddenly the school janitor enters the classroom with his cleaning cart. She is lying on her back with her slim legs spread in front of him. It isn’t so much that he enjoys being a janitor or cleaning up after all the spoiled teenagers who mock him. He enjoyes the fringe benefits of being a high school janitor, the chance to spy on all the sexy young girls as they make love in the hallway or change in the locker room. Wasting no time he dives into her young cunt, pleasuring it with his tongue. He slurps on the drenched slit, spitting all over it, preparing it for the upcoming hardcore pounding. When he whips his cock out, the blonde slut is amazed. The dick is gigantic and stiff, so she happily puts it inside her mouth, worshipping it like a true slut. Due to its size, it is impossible to swallow the whole length, but the schoolgirl keeps trying, almost choking on the shaft. She is sucking the biggest cock and all the other girls in her class will envy her.   The guy now uses his fingers to stroke the clit, as the babe uses her long nails to scratch his balls. While the chick is lying on the classroom table, intense fingering makes her cum wildly. Soon enough, she is on the table, on her back, as the hunk rams her cunt missionary style. She cups her boobies, begging for more fucking, cumming all over the giant cock. Although she just came, the hunk keeps pounding the slit, spitting on the pink pearl. When the naked schoolgirl turns around, he embeds his giant cock inside the snatch, fucking the slut missionary style. His strong hands hold her waist, and his fingers rub the clit, making the babe cum once again. The fuck-a-thon is so intense and passionate, and the blonde can’t stop screaming and pleasuring her tight pussy. After a long and sloppy blowjob, the petite stunner straddles the school janitor and takes a mega dong for a ride. The guy moves his hips up to shove the rod all the way up the slit. The cock riding continues but now reverse cowgirl style, so the hunk is treated with the view of the belle’s slender body arching in a wild pleasure. Despite its length, the kinky schoolgirl grinds on it without any issues, reaching another powerful orgasm as her clit gets more of the passionate rubbing. When the janitor pleasures the teen babe, he pulls out and sprays her tiny body with a stream of creamy spunk.