This college slut and her sorority sisters were bitter rivals with their campus fraternity house of horny college men. The girls had a master plan to steal their beloved dickhead mascot. They decided to seduce the guys, so one of them could sneak inside and then they would run away with the dickhead. The sexy babe knocked and the guy bought her invite to check her tits and invited her in. Her plan was just to tease him long enough until her partner in crime would manage to steal the mascot. She pulled up her dress, laid on her back and spread her legs wide as possible and told the dude to get on his knees. He was already going to lick her tasty pussy but when she pulled her pink panties to a side a ping pong ball shot out of her vagina and hit him right in the eye! The game didn’t stop there as she convinced him to play a squirty game of pussy pong. Instead of shooting balls, they would shoot jizz into the basket. The young slut was the first to go and she fingered her twat until she squirted right to the basket. The guy wanted to top that, but his jizz ended on the vixen’s face instead. He began to jerk himself off furiously, getting ready to hit the basket but the slut told him not to waste his cum and shoot it in her mouth instead. The pussycat took him to the sofa, grabbed his cock and started slurping on his cock. The naked girl was on her knees, wet with her saliva that dribbled from her mouth. The cutie took turns sucking, stroking and licking the balls.   Her sorority friend was still trying to steal the thing, but it was no success. So the skank had to go all the way. Before she would choke on it, she took the pecker out of her mouth and got on top of the dude. She sat on him and started shaking her hips around him. She was working her ass in all kinds of ways – grinding motions, circles, ovals. The whore kept jumping and screaming as his balls were slapping her cute ass. Then the college skank got into a position no man could resist, with her pelvis high in the air and legs spread wide open. He was fucking her like a piledriver, squatting over her and pushing his long dick down into her pussy. They fucked all over the couch and on the floor in all possible positions. After he drilled her in the doggy, she got on her knees and he splashed her face with a heavy load of thick white cream! His balls were empty, but he was hoping for another shot. But as he was resting, it was a chance for the skanks to steal the mascot and run off the rival frat house with it. They run home with her pledge to celebrate their victory with their sorority house leader. But he wouldn’t let the girls go unpunished. The ladies are ready to defend their throne and mascot, but he has a pinata surprise full of sex toys for them! The naked girls decide to use his big hard cock for their pussy pleasure. The college whores scissor on top of him, rubbing their wet cunts all over his long cock. Then they join him for a nasty threesome that ends in massive cum explosions!