This young and beautiful girl thought that she’d gotten away with it. No one stopped her on the way out of the store. But her victory was short-lived. As soon as she turned the corner, she got caught by the security guard. He took a look at this sexy blonde, and he decided that she needed to come with him to his office. So he grabbed her hand and he dragged her perfect ass to the security office. He told her that he needed to search her. The babe denied everything but the officer still performed a strip search. When his hands were a little more free than the average security officer, the girl got worried. He patted her down, and his hands slipped and found their way to her perky tits and her pretty pussy! She protested, but there was nothing she could do against the rules. Soon she was naked in front of the officer, and when he pulled out the pantyhose that she’d stolen, she felt even less comfortable. He proceeded to bend her over the table to do a deep cavity search! Seeing such a beautiful young girl fully naked made his cock hard, and he realized that he could strike a deal with this babe and her pussy. In a second the naked girl was bent over the table, with her legs spread. His fingers found their way to her creamy opening, and he didn’t hesitate to push them inside of her! He made her an offer. He wouldn’t call the cops if she play along and give him a little fun! He asked her to put on the stolen pantyhose.   The girl looked stunning in the pantyhose without her panties on. Then he offered her to play with his penis. The girl had no choice but to touch his pecker. She asked if she can leave now but the horny officer instructed her to suck on the cock! The sooner she makes him cum, the sooner this is all over. Bonus, he will let her keep the pantyhose. She wrapped her lips around his tip, and started sucking him. The girl closed her eyes, thinking about her boyfriend. She didn’t have to stuff her mouth for too long. He was too horny to let her take her sweet time. He pulled the naked girl up, and he flipped her over to get a better view of her perfect ass and pussy. He pushed his cock inside of her, which made her gasp. He thrusted into her a few times. His big cock hit the sweet spot inside of her with every thrust, and she loved it! She moaned for him, and she found herself enjoying this more than she thought. Her dirty little pussy gripped him tighter, the faster he pounded her. The big cock inside of her made her cum, and she earned a big creampie for being a good little slut. ‘Don’t cum in me!’ ‘Too late!’ he cried as he shot a tanker load of potent seed into her. He pulled out of her, and she let his cum drip out of her pussy. He sat on the chair with her riding his cock inside her pussy.