The teen babe needed some time to herself. She wanted to take a bath and relax. That’s exactly what she did, and before she got into the bath she grabbed her favorite toy and headphones. This sexy naked girl was so into herself. She grazed her perfect tits slowly, and she played with her nipples until they were raw. Her stepdad walked into her bathroom to tell her something, but as soon as he saw her naked with a vibrator in her bathtub, all thoughts left his mind. His cock soon hardened and he felt compelled to stay and watch her beautiful young body. He watched as she played with her perky tits, and the more she moaned and played with her pretty pink pussy, the harder he stroked his cock. He tried to be careful, but she caught him jerking his cock. The naked girl stormed out of the tub. She wrapped her gorgeous body in a towel, but instead of making him suffer in embarrassment, she decided to grant him his wish. Stunning redhead was horny too, and getting pounded with a big cock was much better than getting off alone. Without averting her gaze the teen babe slowly removed her own towel and was standing in front of her stepdad fully naked. He was looking at her perfect young body, her gorgeous tits, her slim waist, her slender legs and of course at her clean shaven pussy. Her lips found his big dick, and in a second the naked girl went from standing over him to bobbing her head hard and fast. But he wanted her more, so he flipped her over and went down on her.   His tongue found her pussy and she moaned when she felt it roaming in her tight hole. The more he licked her, the more she needed his cock inside of her. Her pussy ached for his huge dick, and it looked like he was enjoying the fact that she was on the verge of begging him to fuck her. He flipped his naked stepdaughter over on her knees and told her to bend over. She obeyed him, sticking her ass high in the air. The feeling of his hot cock sliding along her slick mound and slowly parting her wet pussy lips was amazing. He finally pushed his big cock inside of her tight little pussy. He moved his hips and drilled her slowly but hard. She could feel the tip of his cock hitting all the right spots inside of her. Soon he was pounding her harder than she’s ever been pounded. Her perky titties were bouncing as my hips smacked against the backs of her legs. But she wanted to show him what a good slut she was. So the young busty babe climbed on top of her stepdad and slid her pussy down his big shaft. She moved her hips fast and hard, and she never lost her pace until she felt his cock burst inside of her. She milked his cock and made her pussy cum on top of him. She lied beside him and let his spunk drip out of her. Now she needs another bath. 