I was super-excited for the two most important women in my life to finally meet. My best friend has been living abroad for some time, and she has always been the most exciting and fun-loving chick I have ever met. She has always been a tease, flaunting her long blonde hair and a super sexy body. On the other hand, my wife was a petite brunette with firm tits. I was determined to throw a wild welcoming party, so I hit the store. When I got back home, I stumbled upon the hottest scene of my whole life! There they were, my lovely wife diving into my friend’s soaked cunt! I couldn’t believe this but the girls continued as if nothing had happened. I just stood there watching my wife lick my friend’s pink pussy slit. I must admit I loved the view of the glistening cunt, freshly licked, and how naughty my wife looked in her plaid mini skirt. The girls didn’t stop but continued teasing me with their kinky shenanigans. My beloved wife gave me a naughty gaze, and the shiny slit kept staring at me, making my pants feel tighter. The sexy vixens were fooling around in the kitchen, and I craved their holes. The blondie was the first to take my cock in her mouth as my wife held its root, playing with the swollen marbles. Both girls, the love of my life and my best friend, were double blowing my shaft, using their tongues to make my rod all wet and slippery. I held their cute heads as they kept gorging on my pecker, making me almost burst my seed all over them.   The half naked girls took my hand and guided me to lie down, and the light-haired tart climbed my shaft. All three of us were fully naked and fucked each other without any boundaries. I stroked my wife’s soft boobs as my friend rode my dick wildly and passionately. As the brown-haired goddess impaled on my joystick, the naughty chick drooled all over her asshole. It was obvious the girls were into each other, making sure to please each other’s muffs and my cock. Once again, I was in for a cock-sucking session. It was more than a blowjob – the naked girls worshipped my tool, caressing and sucking on it with immense pleasure. Soon enough, I inserted my dick inside the shaved cunt, and my cute spouse was there to watch and stroke her little clit. She offered her creamy pussy next, and I fucked her with pleasure doggy style. I watched as her sexy back arched in intense pleasure as I kept pumping. The blondie played with my wife’s boobs and squeezed her firm ass, which made me pummel the twat even faster and harder. I felt the pussy walls tighten around my cock in an intense orgasm. It didn’t take long for the other slut to cum all over my shaft, shaking and trembling with wild passion. Both ladies were pleased, so they rushed to their knees to return the favor. Another sloppy blowjob pushed me over the edge, ending up with a shower of spunk all over the chicks’ pretty faces and pouty lips.