I felt too horny today to make it on my own, so I picked up another hot Russian chick. So here she was, dressed like a naughty schoolgirl, a plaid skirt and black knee high stockings. This sweet little plaything got on her knees as soon as she walked into the living room. I knelt behind her, hiking her skirt up, exposing her marvelous naked ass. I pulled her thong off, looking at her pretty pussy and her asshole. She is the hottest girl I have ever hooked up with, and when I saw her tight little pussy I couldn’t wait any longer. I needed to pound that horny schoolgirl hard and fast. But it was too much fun to tease her. My big hand left a big imprint on her perfect ass, and the more I spanked her, the more she seemed horny. Soon I was sitting on the couch with my cock out, and with a beautiful and horny Russian vixen between my legs. She took my cock into her hands, she stroked it, slow at first and when she built up her pace, my big cock was in her dirty little mouth. She gave one rough, sloppy blowjob, gagging and drooling, choking and spitting on herself. The slutty Russian gave me the best sloppy blowjob, and she deserved to cum hard. She took off her lingerie and slid her pussy down my cock. She was rubbing her clit down and up the length of my cock before taking me inside her. She moved her perfect hips, and I could feel the tip of my cock hitting her g-spot every time. I watched my hands on her perky tits and reaching down between her legs I found her clit and began rubbing it. I pushed her on the couch and I buried my cock inside of her from behind. It was sopping wet and she started to buckle and squirm immediately. She moaned for me to go harder and faster. I was looking at the most beautiful, perfect ass I had ever seen. The girl was slim but her ass was amazing! Her hair was perfect, her pussy was perfect, her round ass was perfect, and she was just plain fucking hot. I used her pussy to milk my cock, and she loved it. This sexy Russian blonde made my cock ache and cum inside of her faster than ever. I thrust into her cunt a few more times before she mixed her cum juices with mine. 