Two naked girls in a hot lesbian scene is good, but three is better! There is a new bitch coming to the Vixen lair and Emily sure wants to test her. This new chick dropped out of school and did some modeling and now she wants her piece of a naughty cake. But does she have what it takes to go into porn? The foxy brunette is determined to find it out, and she wants her friend to join her in the dirty inspection. She put on her slutty heels and fur robe to wait for the new flesh to come in. Blonde Kenzie sure made her entry as she was wearing a transparent sparkly dress showing off her killer body. And this skank was ready to nail her interview. The stunning babe grabbed the brunette’s fur and threw it away. She was going to show this skank how determined she was in getting the job. Kenzie threw her on the couch and went straight for her soaked cunt. It was so warm and soft, and the little vixen started licking it out. Her tongue got deep inside the bitchy babe and her body started shaking. The new girl was great, and the queen felt her crown might be threatened. So she wanted to show the youngster who the boss was. Emily pushed her back and started eating her like a hungry lioness. Alina came down to call Emily for the official interview, but she decided to join the girls. Both naked girls went down on the blondie, sucking on her clit and greedily licking her pussy together. DAMN! Three of the hottest lesbians kissing, fingering, licking, sucking, caressing, grinding and generally fucking each other! Should be the lesbian scene of the year. Three incredible erotic, sexy, mesmerizing, beautiful women. Two naked girls were kissing lying on top of each other and the third was between their legs. She slid her tongue along the swollen, sensitive pussy lips. She slid right along each pussy and each asshole. These fabulous beauties licked one another as their twats were getting ready to explode. The brunette pair dipped two huge dildos down the new girl and destroyed her holes for good. She did get the job after it. 