The sexy brunette loved her morning routine. She would wake up early, and enjoy the quiet mornings doing her yoga workout by the pool. She always felt at peace, and it helped her keep her amazing figure. She put on a pair of red booty shorts, and a short top, without a bra and grabbed her yoga mat on her way out. This morning was hotter than usual, and when she laid out her mat and got on her knees, she could feel a pair of eyes drilling holes in her body. Her boyfriend was on the balcony of their bedroom, and he has been watching her whole workout from a distance. Seeing her big and juicy ass go up and down, made his morning wood ache for her tight holes. He wanted her, and he couldn’t wait for her to finish her yoga routine so he could get all over her perfect body. She took her sweet time because she loved to tease him. She knew that the longer he has to wait for her to get upstairs, the harder he will fuck her. She got upstairs to their bedroom. She didn’t waste any time, and she dropped to her knees and freed his cock from his boxers. The sexy babe wrapped her little mouth around his dick and she moved her head fast and hard, right away. She knew he’d been waiting for her all this time, and she couldn’t wait any longer. Stacy smiled, looking up at him with affection, moving her tongue up and down, caressing his balls and kissing the head of his cock. His cock hit the back of her throat a few times before he dragged her up and pushed her to the bed.   Her clothes were gone in a second, and he spread her legs to soak up the beauty of her wet hole. He got on his knees and pushed his tongue inside of her pussy. Good lord, she tasted delicious! The beautiful naked girl moaned for him, and that only made him harder. He tried to tease her, but he was aching to pound her tight holes. His cock found its way to her wet opening, and when he pushed his cock inside she begged him to fuck her harder. In and out he buried his whole cock in her pussy. A perfect fit. He moved his hips and drilled her pussy hard and fast, just like she liked it. Her cunt gripped his shaft tighter and tighter after every thrust. Soon, holding her waist with both hands, he was dog-fucking her. So hard and so fast that the girl’s ass cheeks were jiggling with every thrust. Slap, slap, slap! The naked girl was now in control and lustfully began riding his magnificent cock. Her breasts were bouncing wildly. Her orgasm was so intense that she even squirted all over his cock! He was close to cumming, and she could feel it. His beautiful girlfriend begged him to fill her pussy with his cum. He pounded her harder, and she screamed when he filled her up with his warm cum.