Mrs. Summer has a favorite student that works hard to be a good girl. Emily is a cheerful schoolgirl that will do anything to please her busty teacher, even stay after school and give the professor a gentle pussy rub to make her day less stressful. When the lesson is over and all the students are gone, Emily wants to play dirty. But Mrs. Summer is scared that somebody might see them and she wants to put an end to this forbidden affair. But when the little brunette vixen slides her hand over the professor’s skirt, the lesbian MILF instantly changes her mind and finally invites the horny teenage girl to come over to her house later that day. But the foxy blonde doesn’t know that her sultry wife is waiting for her in a tempting schoolgirl uniform with her tits almost falling out of the shirt. Wifey is playful and she has been waiting for the blonde all day long and she is eager to give that twat a thousand kisses. Just as the girls were getting it on, they heard the doorbell ring. The teacher forgot that her young mistress is supposed to arrive, so she runs down to the door. And the little pussycat is horny and wants to play with the slutty MILF right now. The MILF tries to insist that tonight is really not a good night – her wife’s home! Yet, the young lesbian is so horny that she doesn’t care. They go upstairs and the blonde blindfolds her wife before she starts sucking her pointy nipples. She has no idea that there is a young intruder in her bedroom and she only cares about getting a tongue down her cunt. In the meantime, the young pupil is standing by the door, with her fingers sliding over her panties that are getting wet quickly.   The sweet babe enjoys watching the mature lesbians get it on while she plays alone and gets herself ready to join the couple. Her professor finally invites her in to have some fun with her wife’s pussy. She switches with the nasty teacher and takes a taste of the wife. This skank is delicious too, but she takes the blindfold off and sees this teen between her legs after a while. She is shocked and furious, telling her wife off for cheating on her with one of her students! But she wants to try that young twat, too. The petite schoolgirl gets in between the lesbian MILFs while they lick her titties and rub her sweet, drenched little cunt. They have a fiery threesome, three naked girls wildly eat out each other’s pussies and more to experience orgasmic bliss. Pussy licking, ass rimming, scissoring, face sitting… the lesbian make each other cum many times. They eat out each other’s pussies like crazy, making loud sucking noises. The schoolgirl and her teacher kiss and moan into each other’s mouths as they fuck the third lesbian with their pussies like maniacs, riding her face and her pussy together. The filthy trio doesn’t stop until those twats get pleased. The MILFs rub the teen’s holes until she squirts heavily all over the teacher’s face.