If college isn’t a perfect place for experimenting, then what is? These two girls have been living on their own, and they have the most fun with each other and their bodies almost every day. But this day was boring, and they refused to let a day like this go by them, without any special events. It’s a good thing that the petite blondie remembered, they had a package coming their way soon, and the one thing these college besties haven’t tried yet was fucking a horny delivery guy. But the girls had to come up with a seduction plan that would leave the horny guy putty in their hands. So these teen girls thought hard with their pretty little heads, and they came up with the perfect plan. When the delivery guy came over to give them their package, the sexy blonde greeted him with a huge grin and a slutty outfit. She was wearing a short, purple skirt and a tight top. Everything was going according to the plan. He came in, and when he handed her the package, the blondie turned around and bent over. She had her bare pussy and ass on full display, and the delivery guy was startled. He didn’t know how to react to this, but the sexy brunette was there to give him some assistance. She pulled a butt plug out of her friend’s ass, grabbed the guy’s finger and stuck it in the ass! The dude looked at the sluts and could not believe what was happening. Then the girl squeezed his finger with her anus dragged dragged him into the living room! As soon as he sat down, the naked girls had their mouths all over his hard member. He relaxed, and let these two young sluts suck his cock. They sucked him hard and deep, taking turns between sucking his cock and his balls.   They decided to give him small show, rubbing their wet cunts against each other on the couch. These girls knew what they were doing, and they needed his cock to be as hard as it could be. Their asses were super tight and calling out to him to pound them. The petite blonde took the first turn on his cock, and as she was sliding her asshole down his dick, she let out a loud moan. His cock stretched her tight hole, and she loved it. She moved her hips slowly and picked up the pace after a few strokes. Her pace quickened, and she was now getting drilled on her couch. He pounded her little ass a few more times before the brunette got her chance to ride him. She was even freakier than the blonde. She let him stuff her pussy and ass and pound both her holes hard. Over and over again he drove his cock from one hole to the other. The slut was in orgasm heaven! The delivery guy didn’t move from the couch, and he got two naked girls fighting over his dick. When one young anal slut got her hole drilled, the other one was sitting on the chair, and stroking her pussy as she watched her best friend get railed. The dude lifted a tiny blonde up in his arms and started fucking her in standing position. His cum was squirting out of her asshole and the brunette was there to catch with her tongue. All three of them were on the couch. The blondie got her pussy licked, and the brunette hottie got her holes drilled like never before. Don’t miss this intense threesome anal action!