When her friend suggests going to her house to study, the cute schoolgirl starts complaining about her weird stepbrother. With no other options, the young ladies decide to face him, ignore his kinky desires, and study for the upcoming exam. While the girls try to focus, the young man approaches his stepsister from behind and begins squeezing her small tits while her friend tries to look away. The ladies discuss the school subject while the dude pulls down his stepsister’s panties, places the head of his cock near the entrance of her pussy from behind and slowly slides his cock into her pussy to the hilt! Bending her over the table he starts fucking her from behind. Trying to concentrate on the test, the cutie moans, enduring the intense dick poking session. As the dude’s strong hands hold her neck and his shaft pumps her pussy in a standing doggy, she manages to chat with her cute friend. The slender hottie is used like a sex doll, and all that the man cares for is indulging his pervy desires. He lets out grunts that can only mean he is cumming in her pussy. Her pussy squeezes his cock. After he cums in his stepsister the girls decide to take a much-needed break, eat sweets and watch TV, but the stepbrother feels the urge for screwing once again. While on the floor, lying on her tummy, the alluring schoolgirl blows the big shaft, acting like they are alone in the room. Her friend rolls her eyes, disgusted by the kinky sight. Her friend is too freaked out by this inappropriate connection between them, she finally goes home and leaves the horny step-siblings all alone. The muscular dude is on the floor, groaning as the young seductress rides his rod reverse cowgirl style. She makes her big bubble ass jiggle from powerful thrusts of her sexy hips. She can’t get enough of her brother’s cock, and light spanking makes her even hornier. The teens takes action to a sofa, fucking intensely doggy style. The passionate sideways screwing pushes the sexy girl over the edge, making her fit body shake in wild pleasure. 