A married couple enters the bedroom and the wife is outraged to see a young slut waiting on the bed! ‘What the fuck is that!?’ ‘Happy anniversary!’ It looks like her husband desperately needs to spice up their sex life! He comes up with the kinky idea – he seduces one of his favorite students, a petite blonde, and invites her to join him and his wife in the bedroom on their anniversary! For a long time, it has been his fantasy – a sensual threesome with a young slut and his busty spouse. It is a sizzling anniversary gift, and the hot teen is up for the pervy action. On the other hand, his wife isn’t so sure about the idea. She gives her hubby a hard time, acting jealous, slightly offended at his proposal. As his husband starts to touch the teen girl, treating her like a barbie doll, his wife becomes uncomfortable and a bit less combative, as if realizing that their marriage is potentially in trouble since she doesn’t have any leverage to keep her husband faithful if he doesn’t want to be. Despite his wife’s disapproval, the kinky man demands the threesome, so the lady gives in and flashes her giant natural hooters at the young student. The petite teen is all over her, licking her nipples and groping the supple breasts. The bossy man knows what he wants and how to get it, so he commands his wife to watch as the horny student chick blows his dick! He wants the sucking to be nice and slow and down the throat. He has always been annoyed with quick sex with his wife – he needs to take his time and savor every pleasurable moment. The little slut is going to teach his wife how to suck her husband’s cock properly!   MILF is so turned on by the teen’s enthusiasm, but he doesn’t let her taste his rod. He demands she goes down on the blonde’s pussy and licks it intensely. When the slender hottie turns around, the hunk shoves his cock inside her cunt, while the naked girls exchange passionate kisses and stoke each other’s hard nipples. The blondie loves the role of a submissive slut, so verbal humiliation makes her even hotter. The big-dicked man uses her like a sex doll, ramming her hole from behind without mercy. Finally, the dark-haired knockout receives the pussy pummeling action missionary style while the naked girl grinds her slit on her face. The experienced woman now wants to stretch the blonde’s slit and shoves a whole fist inside! After another blowjob, the man is up for a wild cock riding session. While the teen slut cums all over the MILF’s face, the dude fucks his busty wife. He keeps instructing the naked girls to take things slowly, but they are too horny to obey. While the guy rams the young cunt missionary style, the milf kisses her lips, getting slightly jealous. The sensation of the tight cunt is so overwhelming that the kinky man can’t resist the urge to empty his balls into her young pussy. When the cutie realizes his wife feels left out, she hops on her face and lets her taste her husband’s jizz. This makes the sluts so aroused that they begin scissoring passionately, moaning loudly in unison. When they are at the brink of intense orgasms, the dominating guy interrupts them and shoves his cock down the blondie’s mouth, face fucking her slutty throat. His wife dives between his buttocks and gives a good lick to his balls and a narrow asshole, making him cum once again! The dialogue during sex exposed the underlying tensions, even hatred, between husband and wife. The little slut at first stirring the pot then acting as peace maker. Excellent MFF episode!