The back door of her house was unlocked, and she thanked her lucky stars that no one was home. She got back from school early, and she knows how her mom gets mad when she skips her classes. But she couldn’t sit there any longer and listen to the boring facts that she didn’t care about. This sexy brunette knew that she was about to get expelled, and something in her just didn’t care. She dropped her bag on the floor in her room, and then she went downstairs to grab something to drink. But when she turned the corner from the living room to the kitchen, she was face to face with her stepfather. He scared her. She didn’t expect to see anyone home this early, but seeing his face instead of her mom’s was a relief. She backed up a few steps, and he followed her. The fight was about to begin, and she was getting tired of hearing all the things she already knows. She knows how bad she’d been. Every lecture she gets, only makes her act out even more. But something was different about him today. He was angrier than before. She might get kicked out of her big and beautiful house! She wasn’t ready to move out and make it on her own. Her stepdad sat her down on the couch, and she was getting desperate. She was on her knees, begging him to not kick her out. But seeing her on her knees, desperate, sent a shiver down his spine. He hoped that she didn’t notice, but she did. That was her new plan. Now she knew how to get through to him. So the teen slut stood up and placed her hands on his shoulders. She massaged him and whispered naughty things in his ear. She knew how much he wanted a young pussy. After a minute of him resisting her charms, he stood up and pinned her to the wall.   Her petite figure looked so small under him, but she didn’t break eye contact with him. His hands roamed her body. He started at her hips, and soon found the way to her perky tits. He brushed her nipples with his thumb, and she moaned. Such a bad little girl for her horny daddy. She pushed him off of her and made him sit on the sofa. She dropped to her knees, and she stuffed his big member in her tiny mouth. He hit the back of her throat, and she did her best not to gag. He grabbed her nipples tightly, pulling on them, forcing her to swallow his cock deeper. He gathered up her hair in his fist and guided her mouth up and down on his shaft. He climbed on top of her in a 69 position and kept fucking her mouth. It made him even harder and now he needed her pussy! His slutty stepdaughter slid her tight pussy down his cock. He was fucking her so hard his balls were slapping against her clit. She let him pound her, and with every thrust, she was getting closer to her orgasm. He was rough on her. I mean he was destroying her pussy hard. She even squirted a bit of her juices on his cock. He got her on all fours and began fucking her with his balls, literally trying to put his scrotum into her pussy. His slutty stepdaughter kept begging him to fill her up. He heard her please, and let his spunk fill her pussy. “Ohhhhhh GOD.YESSSS,” he moaned as he pumped his seed out of his cock and poured it into her sucking and squeezing pussy.