The phone beeping was interrupting their licking session. The curvy brunette with her tongue in her girlfriend’s muff was trying to ignore it, but when her girlfriend picked up the phone and completely ignored her, she had enough. She grabbed her phone, and the text she’s been texting was far from innocent. She has been sending sexy photos to her co-worker, and usually, she would be mad, but this gave her the best idea. She turned to her girlfriend, who was ready to get into a catfight, but when she heard her girlfriendís idea, her face softened and she agreed. The next day, she dragged her horny co-worker into her bedroom. She never said anything about her girlfriend watching, and he relaxed thinking they were home alone. The busty brunette pushed him on the bed and started sucking his big cock. It didn’t take her long to sit on his big member and start moving her hips. The busty curvy babe has the wildest sex while her bisexual girlfriend peeps on them, hidden in the closet. She got carried away, and after a while, she had to leave the room. He was waiting for her to come back, still naked, and still with a hard cock in hand. But her girlfriend got out of her hiding spot, and she climbed on top of him, and slid her pussy down his cock! The dude couldn’t believe his eyes when some naked girl started impaling herself on his cock, her clit slamming down into his pubes, her big tits bouncing in front of his face. When the other babe runs back, it’s already too late: her lusty girlfriend got a hold of him. It’s unclear who cheated on who in this twisted case, but there’s nothing like a threesome to make peace. One naked babe moved from his cock, and sat on his face, while the other busty slut got back to her favorite seat. Both of the sexy naked babes got the pounding of their life, and they milked his cock until there was no cum left in him. The busty naked girls took turns, riding him on the bed, and when they were done, all three of them were breathless and sweaty lying on the bed. There was cum everywhere. 