Handsome man gets home and desperately needs to unwind after a stressful day at the office. He thinks he is home alone, so he grabs his VR set and dives into hardcore porn. He strokes his cock, jerking off to young naked girls when his blonde step daughter enters the room. Unaware of the company, he keeps jerking off, grunting loudly, watching all these wet pussies on his VR device. The teen approaches him and slowly undresses. Aroused by the sight of her handsome stepdad jerking off, she grabs a Hitachi and begins working her clit. She keeps doing it until her screams become so loud that her stepdad hears her and finally removes the VR set. Although confused and ashamed at first, he soon realizes he won’t be able to resist the hottie. Her body is so fit and sexy, and her young cunt so wet that he needs to make her cum. He grabs the magic wand and uses it on his stepdaughter’s orgasmic slit. The blonde is on her knees, legs high up, cumming all over the vibrating toy. Her pussy is gushing juice! The stud can’t stop and won’t stop playing with his new lover. He teases the chick’s soaked snatch, licking her piercing, and finally inserts his fingers inside. He slurps on the twat, fingering it passionately, making the slutty teen beg for more. The moment the girl saw the large cock, she wanted it in her mouth, so now she gorges on it with gusto. Stepdad’s strong hands hold her head, and she gives her best to accommodate the whole length of the cock inside her mouth. Now she wants to be on top, so the naked girl goes for it, riding the dick reverse cowgirl style. The kinky couple takes it slow at first, savoring every minute of the forbidden sex endeavor.   It doesn’t take long before the light-haired sweetie cums, but she wants her lover to cum too. She begs him to fill her little cunt with his seed. A huge glob of cum oozes out of her pussy. Soon enough, they pick up where they left off, moaning and groaning in unison. Once again, the man sprays jizz inside her pussy, and the sticky fluid oozes out of the tight love hole. It seems that the chick likes the position, so she hops up and down the cock, desperate for more spunk. Stepdad’s cock is soaked, and the balls are covered in cum. The naked girl is lying on her back, her legs splayed open, saying ‘CUM IN ME! FILL ME! SQUIRT YOUR JIZZ IN ME!’ And the cum-filled pussy gets more drilling. The shaved snatch is so tight and delicious the stepdad can’t resist the urge to orgasm once again, leaving the slit drenched. Blonde’s honeypot is at the dude’s disposal, he keeps filling her pussy with his semen. No matter how many times the big-dicked guy cums, he still needs more, so he uses his blonde stepdaughter as a sex toy. The little cum slut is happy to taste his jizz and feel the warm fluid fill the inside of her pussy. It makes her even hornier. The hardcore action continues until the pervy couple gets the ultimate satisfaction.