When I got home from college for the summer, I was greeted with a super hot view. My teen step sister has grown so much in the meantime – there she was, dancing in the kitchen in her cute underwear. She had the earphones on, twirling around, giggling seductively. This was the first time I noticed her sizzling body, perfectly round boobs, and a small piercing in her sexy navel. Her firm ass in a tiny thong was so alluring that I had to pinch it. Mia was so happy to see me and after telling that our parents were away on vacation the lovely blondie encouraged me to touch her boobs! The moment she began undressing, my cock began to rise. Her small boobs with tan lines were perfect, and her bald snatch was soaked wet. Her green eyes rolled in pleasure as she was rubbing her button and inserting her naughty fingers inside her slit. My naked stepsister was lying on a kitchen counter, masturbating in front of me, and I lightly touched her asshole. Suddenly she started to squirt! Her juices squirted out of her pussy! I was happy to be home alone with her and excited to have more interactions like this! Next day we continued fooling around in my bedroom. She was wearing a red thong, and once again, she shook her buttocks for my eyes only. Her panties were so small that they barely covered her butt hole, and I couldn’t resist the urge to fuck her anymore. When my stepsister saw my stiff cock, she gave me a naughty grin and rushed to her knees. The blowjob was spectacular. She worked the tip of my penis slowly at first, using her tongue to tease me but soon shoved it down her throat, slurping on my cock. The blonde cutie didn’t shy away from sucking my balls – she kept spitting on them, using her mouth as a kinky vacuum cleaner.   My stepsis kept going until I emptied my balls inside her mouth, and she let the jizz dribble down her perky tits. The next morning, I woke her up, and she was up and wet instantly. She spread her legs, and I inserted my morning wood inside her snatch. The feeling of her pussy squeezing my cock was amazing. “Yes, fuck me” she said looking down at my cock as it slid between her pussy lips. Once we were done fucking missionary style, my young stepsister turned around, eagerly waiting for the doggy-style pussy pummeling. My penis was covered in her love juices, and I could feel she loved the way I treated her insatiable cunt. She pushed her hips to meet my rod and moaned loudly. My hands moved all over her back to her round ass cheeks, rubbing and caressing them. There were no boundaries – we were completely alone and utterly horny. When my sexy sister straddled me and took my dick for a ride, I watched her back arch in pleasure, and her pussy lips tightened around my cock. When she combined clit rubbing with the hardcore drilling, her slender body began shaking in an intense orgasm. I knew she loved the taste of my spunk, so I got up and filled her mouth with my seed, finally fulfilling my kinky fantasy. Once again, the sticky fluid oozed down her chin all the way down to her firm boobs. 