Having fun in the kitchen is always best when there are sweets involved. Creams and candy always go great with each other. This petite pastry chef imagined her naked body covered in chocolate and cream. She wished that someone would eat her like a pie, and before she even grasped what’s happening, her apron was on the floor. She was completely naked, her hands were all over her sexy body. The young naked girl smudged cream and chocolate from her perky tits to her pink pussy. She looks yummy covered in that ice cream, you wouldn’t mind licking her clean. The most perfect little ass that you have ever seen and a smooth, neat and tidy, bare pussy. Her kitchen fun was interrupted in the best way possible. Her horny stud walked in on her being naughty, and now she will get everything she’s been craving. He grabbed her waist and helped her up on the counter. His tongue and lips soon found her swollen clit. He didn’t even lay one finger on her, and he could see her pussy throbbing for him. He pushed his tongue inside of her pink slit gently, but she needed more. Soon she was the one leading this game. The naked girl lay down on the kitchen island, grabbed his big cock with one hand and grabbed the cream with the other. His hot throbbing cock became her sweet snack. She liked him carefully and in a matter of minutes, her  mouth was stuffed with his big member. But he didn’t have time for her games. We know what to do with a little slut like her, spread her legs as far apart as they go, then pound the crap out of her and don’t give her a chance to get away until you fill that nasty pussy hole full of spunk and then make her scoop that out and eat it all. Her pussy was calling out to him, and his cock found its way to her wet opening. He pushed himself inside of her and every inch of his male organ seemed to pleasurably stretch her young tight pussy. Soon the naked girl was heaving up and down and his balls were slamming hard against her arse as his hard cock rammed home hard with her every stroke. He was pounding her hard, and she was cumming hard for him. 