He’s been standing in the doorway of his stepsister’s room for a while now. Her phone was in her hand, stuck to her ear, and her other hand was roaming her body. Her voice was raspy and seductive. She’s having phone sex with her boyfriend. She said creampie, and he tried to figure that one out while watching her slip her hand into her tiny jean shorts. She’s rubbing her clit, while talking on the phone. Even if she noticed him, she didn’t seem to care. Her phone finally ended, and he threw himself on her bed. Her legs were still spread apart, and his eyes were locked on that beautiful and wet sight. He brought up the courage to ask her what a creampie is. ‘Is it a food thing maybe?’ he was searching his memory for all sex-related slang he could remember. In fact he never even saw a real pussy before. His slutty step sister immediately wanted to play with him, tease her nerdy brother with her pussy. She sat down on the bed with him, and pulled off her shorts, giving Him a solid look between her legs! The dude got closer to her pussy. He was staring at the first pussy he’d ever seen! His stepsister rubbed her wet pussy lips in front of his eyes. ‘You can lick my pussy if you like’ He slid his tongue up and down her pink slit. ‘Keep on going, lick my pussy’ He took her drenched pussy lips in his mouth and sucked it like he was giving French kiss to her pussy. After his stepsister came she grabbed his cock. So this is what a blowjob felt like! When she started sucking him off, bobbing her head up and down, running her lips and tongue all over the head of his cock, it sent a new feeling jolting through his body. Both of them were naked in a matter of minutes. His naked stepsister was on the bed, her face stuffed in her pillows and he was behind her. His big cock slammed inside of her with the same power every time, and she was craving his cum. She begged him to fill her up. His big member pounded her hard a few more times before letting go, and let his cum fill her tight hole. 