For this little slut there is nothing better than playing with her pussy in the morning before school. Her trusty toy was hiding in her drawer, and her pussy was dripping wet just from the thought of having an orgasm. Young naked girl was on her back with her legs spread wide open, dildoing her teen cunt. But she wasn’t alone in her room, her horny stepbrother hid inside of her closet. He was trying to find some of her panties, and now he had a front-row view of his stepsister’s pussy! The huge purple dildo was tirelessly pounding inside of her tight hole. When the naked girl finished, she got up and put her clothes on. Her stepbrother saw her leave, and when he stepped out of her clothes, he was thrilled to see her cum soaked panties on the bed. His face was buried in the panties, and minutes later he was caught red-handed. Luckily for him, his naughty step-sister was still horny, and the thought of getting a big cock inside of her pussy was thrilling. His sis pushed him on her bed, and before he could wrap his head around what was happening, his stepsister was fully naked! Her skinny body was so beautiful, small titties, a cute little ass and a bald pussy. His stepsister laid on her back and told him to lick her pussy. He took a second to take in the view. He dreamed of the moment where he was fucking his slutty stepsister, and no imagination held the candle to this moment. His big cock was entering her tight pussy, and every time he pounded her sweet spot, she moaned louder. He liked hearing her moans and seeing how his dick made her feel. He thrust harder and harder until his naked sister begged him to fill her up with his tasty spunk. The beautiful skinny girl moved her hips to meet his thrusts, and soon her pussy couldn’t take it anymore. She was close to cumming, and drenching him in her juices. The little blonde milked her stepbrother’s cock with her tight pussy, until both of them were out of breath and energy. But he wasn’t done with her. He flipped her over on her knees and pounded her pussy until she begged him to fill her again. He thrust inside of her a few more times until the sticky fluid filled her tight hole, and both of them lied back on the bed tired. 