These two girls, Fiona and Kira, live for likes on social media. They go above and beyond to get more followers, posing naked and exposing their bare tits for the camera. This afternoon, the naughty chicks are at the swimming pool, pouring oil all over each other’s hooters, taking nude selfies. They grope the bombastic assets, getting extremely horny while doing it. Kira’s pierced nipples and dark-red hair are out of this world, while Fiona is an ivory-skinned brunette with a lovely smile. The girls are topless on top of each other when a muscular delivery guy brings their food. He is amazed by sight, watching the half naked girls rub their tits against each other. The insatiable hotties share fries, sensually nibbling on them, when they come with a sexy plan, including the hunky delivery man. The girls stand up and push him in the pool, giggling and teasing him. He dives underwater, and the naked girls put their tits up against his lucky face. The stud licks their hard nipples right underwater. He releases the massive dong, and the girls dive to get a taste of it. Kira is the first to blow it, holding her breath underwater, wrapping her lips around the hefty shaft. When Fiona submerges, she goes for the balls, stroking them with her tongue. The naked girls take turns sucking the mega joystick underwater, using their super deep throating skills to make it as straight as an arrow. The guy is now standing in the pool, watching as Kira munches on the cock-gobbling slut Fiona. He loves the sound of the brunette slurping on his manhood, and the view of the intense pussy licking in the swimming pool is out of this world.   The always-wet pussy gets even hotter when the skillful Kira licks it. The brunette stunner is first to ride the slippery shaft, while her friend uses her big nails to tease the swollen balls. Copperhead babe tastes her girlfriend’s juices on the sturdy shaft, adding even more flavor to it with her own spit. The man’s strong hands spank the meaty buttocks, making the dark-haired sweetie pick up the speed. Kira takes a dong for a creamy ride next, reverse cowgirl style. Her sultry girlfriend watches the intense action, stroking her lover’s clit and licking her pierced nipples. The naked girls take action to the nearby sofa, where the redhead enjoys doggy-style pounding while munching on her girlfriend’s cunt. The slamming is intense and raw, and the babes both get the same treatment. Fiona prefers it missionary because she can see the muscular body of the delivery guy forcefully fucking her pussy, and the aroused expression on Kira’s face makes her even sluttier. The girls have always fantasized about a threesome, and their wildest dreams are finally coming true. Both slutty chicks have their share of pleasure, and the man can’t fight the urge to empty his balls anymore. He pulls the impressive shaft out of the pussies and sprays the girls’ faces with his seed.