My wife has no idea how much I love young naked girls and their sweet pussies. There’s a “freaky” young girl living next door, who loves to tease me with her body when my wife doesn’t see. She is a very attractive skinny girl, no more than nineteen. I saw her yesterday, she was was hula-hooping in the playground area. I invited her to my apartment. Without saying a word the girl stripped fully naked! I was stunned when when I saw her naked with her Hula Hoop. She was standing on the table, swaying her hips and I could see everything. From her perky tits, her tummy, and her bald pussy. I stayed for a few minutes, watching her beautiful young body. Her small hips swayed and she just smiled. Her cute smile turned into a smirk. The naked girl dropped her Hula Hoop, and she sat down on the couch. I thought that was the end of this surprise show, but she wasn’t done with me. She got comfortable on the couch, and she spread her legs. I watched in awe, and she traced her little hand from her mouth, over her nipples, and down to her clit. Her naughty fingers drew tiny circles on her swollen bean, and I couldn’t resist her anymore. The faster she stroked her pussy, the faster I took my clothes off. Her face was red, and her lips parted. She had lust plastered all over her face, and I’m sure I looked the same. My pants came off and I threw them in the corner. Her eyes widened when she saw my big and hard member. Watching this young naked girl naked and jerking off for her was so intensely erotic. I was aching to fuck her, and she was aware of that. I didn’t have to use my words to tell her what to do.   The cute naked girl lay down on the couch, on her stomach, and grabbed my cock. I heard her mumble something about needing my cock. There’s nothing to worry about, she will get exactly what she needs from me. I let her use her dirty little mouth to make my dick even harder. But I was impatient, and I couldn’t resist fucking her any longer. Her tight little pussy was soaking wet, it left a wet stain on the couch. I smiled at her, and she knew that she was about to get railed. I pushed the naked girl on her back, and I spread her legs. My cock was positioned at her opening, and I pushed it inside of her slowly. I wanted to tease her and hear her beg for my cock. She was so predictable. Saying those naughty words, got her everything she wanted. She felt her teenage vagina stretched almost to breaking point but I started thrusting inside of her hard and fast. There is no time for pleasantries. My cock made her eyes roll, and after a while, I wanted a better view of her. So I let her climb on top of me and ride my big member. Her tiny hips moved up and down on my cock, and her pussy gripped me tighter every time she pushed herself deeper on my member. The skinny naked girl used her hips to lift up her pussy until it almost released my cock completely and then she dropped it back down as deep as she could stand. She was bouncing up and down on me like crazy. I was close to cumming, and so was she. I let go of my orgasm, and let the feeling consume me, as I fill her tight pussy with my cum.