Two girls walk into the house and hear their dads talk about how they’ve lost their jobs because of covid. One of the men says they might need to move to a smaller place. The girls discuss the situation and come up with a way to earn some money. One of the girls says that once they filmed an amateur porn video with her boyfriend and got a lot of money for it. It would be great if they could swap their dads and make some naughty videos to sell online! The blonde chick with a firm ass loves her daddy so much that she would do anything for him, and the dark-haired stunner feels the same about hers. The girls appear in front of the dads, wearing skimpy tops and tight shorts. They whisper to their ears about the way to make a lot of money. Their dads are surprised by this proposition but pretty quickly agree to swap their stepdaughters for that extra cash! They grab their phones to film the kinky action. Two hotties get down on their knees, slowly making the shafts hard using their mouths. The girls look straight to the camera as they suck the cocks. Both girls get fully naked and begin riding the dicks reverse cowgirl style at the same time, using their tight bodies to bring pleasure to their bald pussies. The cowgirls now face their dads, feeling strong hands grab their buttocks as they continue impaling on the hard cocks. The blonde beauty wants to try missionary style next, so she lies on a sofa and gets screwed hard and deep. Her natural boobs give the optimal amount of bounce, and her tight pussy makes her friend’s dad speed up. The brunette knockout spreads her legs for the other dad, watching his body flex to penetrate the snatch even deeper. The naked girls kiss and look into each other’s eyes as big-dicked men drill their twats doggy style, and studs hold them by the necks. Both slutty sweethearts start rubbing their pink clits, soon screaming in powerful orgasms. Strong guys keep ramming their pulsating slits, slowly preparing to empty their balls. The naked girls are there to indulge, so they pump the stiff shafts with their hands, watching as their dads cover their faces with lots of creamy seed. 