She knows that her boyfriend has wanted so badly to fuck her in the ass since they started dating a few weeks ago. He is so horny, he just wants it more and more. Everytime they have sex when her mom is not at home he pulls out of her pussy and teases her butthole to see if she is interested. All the girls at school talk about anal sex but she has never tried. She thinks she may be the last anal virgin in her high school class. So she finally decides to try anal for the first time, first for both of them. Her boyfriend has bought an anal toy, to help her relax her anus, stretch it to prepare it for the upcoming drilling. Anal beads are big, but the guy manages to insert all of them inside his girlfriend’s narrow butt hole. He stuffs anal beads up her little ass and pulls them out. The camera is as close to her ass as possible for some amazing extreme close up views of the beads exiting her beautiful anus. Now it’s her turn to prepare his cock for her ass. It has to be very hard to penetrate her tight asshole. The young naked girl is on her knees, making her bf’s shaft wet and hard with her naughty tongue. She plays with the balls as the man fucks her mouth. Her blue eyes promise lots of sexy fun, and her tiny mouth works the rod skillfully. Finally, the petite cutie is on her back, watching as the large tool fucks her shaved pussy. The screwing is sensual and gentle at first, but it soon turns into a steamy hardcore session. The young cunt is so creamy and wet, it covers the dick with the white fluid, making him fuck it even more vigorously. Soon enough, the blonde slut starts begging for a creampie, moaning loudly as the dick fills her up with the jizz. This is only the beginning. The feeling of spunk oozing out of her snatch makes the teen even hotter, so she demands anal fucking. The naked girl rides the cock anally, impaling her butt hole on his shaft. It is heavenly! Reverse cowgirl riding suits her aching asshole, and the guy goes from gentle poking to intense ass drilling. The tightness of the hole pushes the guy over the edge one more time, so his spunk now fills her ass. The young girl’s ass is creampied one more time, leaving the back passage glistening from all the seed and lubricant. Now her favorite thing is having her boyfriend’s cock as deep into her ass as possible, feeling him fill her up! 