Scorching hot blonde Nicole is getting ready for her dream wedding. She is wearing a veil and white lingerie, and her best friend is there to help her out. Her friend is a horny lesbian, secretly lusting after the bride-to-be’s bombastic assets. When Nicole says that she has been just with one man, she has never even been with a woman, her friend manages to persuade her to try lesbian sex before tying the knot. After all, they are two flirty temptresses, always open to trying new things in the bedroom. The hot lezzie begins by shoving her friend’s boobs in her mouth, tasting the hard nipples. Busty chicks exchange passionate kisses and slowly undress, caressing each other’s fit bodies. The bride dives between a pair of divine jugs, smiling mischievously. The girls go to the bed, where Nicole enjoys a passionate and long pussy licking session. Her tongue slides so gently between her pink pussy lips. She uses her tongue and mouth on her friend’s pussy as only a woman can for another woman. She combines rubbing with slurping, making the horny bride squirm in pleasure. Soon enough, her pussy gets rough fingering, and her clit is stimulated at the same time. Nicole has never had that strong a feeling from any man. Damn, she has never had such a powerful orgasm with her man. The naked girls are all over each other, kissing and groping with intense lust. The light-haired lesbian slowly sits on her friend’s face, pushing her hips forwards and backward against her lover’s tongue, playing with her supple boobs and pierced nipples. Nicole loves the taste of a wet pussy, so she keeps going, digging deeper inside the cunt. She has to admit that licking pussy is the most wonderful sexual experience. In a couple of minutes, pussy creamy fluid is all over her face as her lady friend cums hard. The busty lezzie reciprocates with another pussy licking action, now tasting the button while sniffing the tight asshole. The naked bride shakes her juicy ass, begging for more. Her lesbian friend wants to help her to reach another orgasm, so she uses her fingers and lips to push her over the edge, gazing straight into her eyes while eating her out. Beautiful ladies are insatiable, cumming all over each other’s faces, greedily slurping on the juices. 