What could be better for a 40+ year old man than sex with a young, cute, teen girl? After many years of marriage, sex life with my wife has become a job to be crossed off the list of chores.  Every day I see a lot of young teen girls, with slim figures, cute little butts and so tight pussies, they always give me a raging erection. I recently met a young woman, well met isn’t exactly the right word to use; I had secretly watched her almost every day. I could not believe my luck when I realized that the girl was so sexually open-minded. The pleasure I was feeling from watching the young girl get naked, overwhelmed. Her pussy was dripping and creating puddles on the floor. She took her pink undies off and began rubbing her shaved slit. I lied on my back and displayed my large cock, and the blonde was all over it. What could be better than a young petite girl worshipping my cock? Her mouth was tiny compared with my tool, but she was determined to shove it down her throat. The naked girl would spit on my dick occasionally, and the dripping drool tickled my swollen balls. I lifted my young lover’s perfect body up, diving into her pussy, as her legs wrapped around my shoulders. I slurped on the pussy juices, making the girl shake from pleasure. The smell and the taste of a young pussy was amazing! I used my tongue to prepare the love hole for the upcoming hardcore drilling. The naked girl smiled at me, rolling her pretty eyes. We began screwing in a standing doggy position. I inserted my dick hard and deep, making her moan loudly right from the beginning. Her tight buttocks were in my hands, and I kept pushing her hips towards me, bringing more pleasure to both of us. When the blonde teen lay on her back, I began pounding her snatch missionary style. I dipped my rod in the creamy juices, taking my time to see it stretch. Both of us loved the position, but I took her cute feet in my hands, pushing them back, almost behind her head. The moment the cutie began riding my tool, she started cumming hard. I loved the squishy sound her pussy made during the rodeo. The slender beauty was happy to taste my cum, after I ejaculated all over her face. 