It was his girlfriend’s birthday and he, despite his best intentions, got her a dud gift: a beer hat! At the same time her sexy roommate, an ebony brunette, presented her with a hot pair of onesie pajamas! The slut, wearing pajamas of her own, helped his girlfriend undress and get changed right in front of him. She has had a crush on her since the minute she moved in. But since she had a boyfriend all this time, she never acted on her feelings. He was on the couch as his girlfriend stripped naked to try on the onesie. Her ass was out, and her ebony roommate couldn’t resist slapping her. The happy dude already thought it was all leading to a threesome! Turns out that his girlfriend was happy to make use of the butt flap on her onesie, but he wasn’t the one getting access to her wet pussy! The girls went to her bedroom, and one simple kiss turned into a full-on make-out session. The make-out session turned into them licking their pussies in a 69 on the bed. Their moans spread through the house, and when her boyfriend walked by the bedroom, he couldn’t just walk away. He had to see what was going on. The sight of two naked girls scissoring was astounding. It was like a dream, or a porn movie! The naked girls were bucking, fucking, rubbing, banging their hard clits against each other! Each thrust causes them gasp and groan. He was ready to jump onto the bed but the girls shut them out. After a while, the girls were in the laundry room, and he was standing at the doorway.   The roommate saw him, and instead of telling him to go away, she unzipped her PJs! He rushed to push his cock inside of her. His big cock stretched out her walls, and as she was trying to hold her moans in, she realized that this would be a lot more fun if all three of them got involved. So she pushed him on his girlfriend, and she gasped when his cock entered her through the butt flap on her pajamas from behind. All three of them went downstairs, and the ebony beauty couldn’t wait to ride his big member. Her big ass slapped against his skin, and she could feel how close she was to cumming. His big and hard dick was ready to pound both girls hard and fast. He never had two soaking wet holes to fill, and he wanted to make both of them scream. The naked girls share a look, and they pressed their wet slits on his cock, rubbed his member and their clits. Their house was filled with their moans, and both of the naughty girls begged him to fuck them harder. He switched between their pussies, and when he was about to cum, both girls got on their knees. Their wet mouths worked together to make their man cum hard. These girls were craving his tasty cum, and while one was sucking his tip, the other was licking his swollen balls. He filled their dirty mouths with his tasty cum.