I met a gorgeous blonde the other day. I was in my car when I saw her fighting with a guy, storming out of his vehicle. There she was, hot and alone, so I pulled over and asked if she was ok. She started complaining about meeting a weirdo through a dating app. He didn’t want to pay for her lunch, so I bought her an ice cream. She licked it seductively, and I knew she wanted my cock. The blonde used her free hand to stroke my dick and slowly began licking it like a lollipop. She poured the ice cream all over my shaft and licked it clean, making the hottest gobbling sounds! The hottie removed her shorts and panties and straddled me, riding my dick with passion right in my car. I parked my car and banged the chick forcefully. Her boobs were small but sexy, and her snatch with a tidy bush tightened around my penis. The riding was so intense that she came hard, covering my rod in juices. Her legs shook, and I kept going. I wanted to see her body outdoors, so we walked out of the car and screwed in a standing doggy. She leaned against my vehicle as I filled her cunt with my man meat. I got super horny when I saw her ass – it was perfectly round, firm, and juicy, shaking in the rhythm of the screwing. The slutty chick lifted one of her legs up, begging me to drill her greedy love hole.   I could see she needed another orgasm, so I fucked her while she rubbed her clit. The wetness and tightness of her delicious twat made me crazy with lust, and her moans made my cock as stiff as a rock. The babe couldn’t get enough of my rod, inviting me to enter the car once again. Her butt was shaking in front of my face, and she rode my cock reverse cowgirl style. I moved my hips fast, bringing more pleasure for both of us. Her pussy was so insatiable that it kept cumming, but still craved more. I watched her sexy back arch and flex throughout the naughty rodeo. The naked girl faced me, treating me with the view of her boobs. I watched as she impaled on my cock like a dirty slut, telling me that I was the god of fucking, making her pussy super wet and horny. The sound of my balls slapping her buttocks was beyond this world, and her hot body kept going. When I saw her tease her clit during the dick riding, I knew she was ready to cum one more time. I pounded like crazy, bringing waves of pleasure to my blonde lover. Her whole body twisted and trembled uncontrollably. Finally, my slutty chick was satisfied and wanted to return the favor. She shoved my rod inside her mouth, combining the sucking with a handjob. I could tell she wanted to taste my seed, so I emptied my balls all over her lips.