She never would have guessed that she would be bound to her bed, fully naked, with her stepdad standing above her. She thought that she had the house to herself and her boyfriend. But just as he tied her up to the bed, they heard a car pull up, and instead of untying her, her boyfriend bolted. Now she was trapped on the bed, naked and horny. The blush spread from her cheeks to her neck and tits. She couldn’t get up the courage to face her stepdad, but instead of saying anything, all she heard was a familiar buzzing filling the quiet room. Her stepdad was looking at her with lust in his eyes, and his big hand gripped her favorite vibrator. Without another word, he reached over to place the vibrating head on her sensitive nipples. The wand in his hand reached the edge of her panties, and in her mind, she was begging him to go further and place the vibrator on her clit. She was soaking wet, and she didn’t care if it was because of him or this naughty situation that made her pussy throb. The naked girl couldn’t stop herself from moaning and begging. She needed him to fuck her better than her boyfriend ever did. Her stepdad was taking off his clothes, and she couldn’t look away from his big cock. She could feel her juices dripping from her opening. He kneeled in front of her and used his big strong arms to spread her legs and keep her in place. She closed her eyes and let herself get overwhelmed. His rough tongue connected with her clit, and it didn’t take long for her to cum. He set her free, and the naked girl rushed to her knees. She took his hard dick in her hands, and she sucked him like a good girl. She wanted him to be even harder, so she could milk his cock with her pussy in every position. But he wasn’t so patient. When she gasped for air, he pushed her back on the bed and thrust his cock inside of her tight kitty. His big member stretched out her soaking wet walls. Her stepdad was drilling her hard and fast, on her bed, making her cum and cum and cum. When she closed her eyes, she felt his cum hit her toned stomach. Another hot, hard orgasm shook her body. 