The beautiful blonde teen walked slowly to the car parked by the road. It was so long since she got a hard pounding. She got to the car window, and the stud that was waiting for her in the car, made her pussy dripping wet. He was handsome, and she knew for a fact that he had a massive cock. She got in the car quickly, and after a minute this little slut was telling him all about her favorite positions. Her mouth had a mind of its own, and she heard herself say how she loves blowjobs. The sexy blonde begged him to whip out his cock, and he listened. His pants came off with one swift motion, and she stuck her mouth to his tip in a second. He wasn’t taken off guard, he knew how to treat sluts like her. He let her get a taste of him, and he held her pretty hair as she bobbed her head up and down on his shaft. They found a garage close to his place, and when they stepped out of the car, she couldn’t control herself. The slut needed his huge cock, and she didn’t care where they were. He grabbed her by the hips and picked her up. Her face was right in front of his cock, and her legs were thrown over his shoulder. He held her up in a standing 69 as she sucked his cock. They did it right next to the police car and before the cops could see them, they rushed to his apartment. The teen liked getting fucked in that stairwell where we could be caught at any moment! He ripped her leggings. Her pussy was dripping wet, and when he thrust inside of her with such pressure, force, and depth it made her scream. He loved that sound, so she picked up the pace and even rubbed her clit. This girl didn’t have a single thought in her head since the moment he pushed his big dick inside of her tight hole. He pounded her from behind, and she twerked her big bubble ass. Then the naked girl pushed him back and climbed on top of him. She slid her cunt down his huge cock, and rode him until he couldn’t hold his orgasm anymore. He let go and filled her tight hole with his big load. When she felt his cum filling her up, she felt her pussy grip him even tighter, and he let her ride out her orgasm, before getting off of his cock. This naughty girl let all of his tasty cum drip out of her pussy, now she was happy and satisfied. 