The front door doorbell echoed through the whole house. Then after a second, he could hear heels clicking on the hardwood floors. He was waiting all day for this moment, he knew that his roommate’s girlfriend was going to visit them these days. He didn’t know how he got so lucky to live with a busty and gorgeous blonde lesbian. But then she got with the hottest brunette in the world, and he figured it wouldn’t hurt anyone if he got a picture of them kissing. When the girls went to her room, the dude went to the bathroom. He dropped down his pants to jerk off to picture of the two girls kissing. In a rush, he forgot to lock the door. Right before he was about to cum, his beautiful blonde roommate in a slutty red dress walked in on him jerking off! When he tried to cover his cock, she grabbed his phone. When she saw that he was watching her and her girlfriend making out, she got a naughty idea. Instead of scolding him, she dropped to her knees, and wrapped her hand around his shaft. He looked at her with disbelief in his eyes, and since he kept quiet, she continued stroking his big cock. She milked his cock with her small hands, and before she was ready, his cum landed in her hair. It got stuck in her hair, leaving her looking very guilty when her girlfriend walked in on her! Yes, it looked like the scene from ‘There’s Something About Mary’ Her girlfriend dragged her to her room to show who is in charge here. Soon the two naked girls were moaning and rubbing their pussies against each other.   They got into the 69 position and ate each other’s pussies out. The lesbians smashed their pussies together and rode each other until they came. When the brunette fell asleep, the roommate sneaked into the room and pushed his cock inside of the blonde! The feeling of a real cock stretching out her pussy was amazing. The blonde just pushed her sexy ass back onto his cock. A real cock could fill her vagina with cream and her partner with a strapon couldn’t fake the feeling of a real cock cumming. She tried to keep her moans quiet, but he fucking her too well. Her girlfriend woke up, and decided to join in on their fun. Both lesbians worked together to milk his hard cock and make him feel good. Their mouths both sucked his big cock, and their tongues danced with each other, their saliva and his cum mingling. The horny dude laid on the bed on his back with his cock pointed toward the ceiling. The naked girls jumped onto his cock, and took turns riding it like two cowgirls. He drilled their holes hard and fast. The whole house was filled with their moans. He grabbed the blondie’s hips, and pushed his member inside of her, while she was on all fours. While his cock was stretching her walls, she licked the dripping wet muff that her girlfriend pushed in her face. Then the naked girls both were riding his cock and his face, cumming simultaneously. His big dick was hard enough to make both of the lesbians cum hard. Their juices drenched the bed, and after a few final strokes he filled both of their mouths with his tasty spunk. His dream came true, and he got to fuck these hot naked girls in one day.