A blonde teen is working on an essay for school, and she needs to follow one of her parents to work. However, her dad isn’t available and her stepmom is nothing but a gold digger and layabout. When the teen brings up the project to her stepmom, she insists that she owns her own business, which is news to her stepdaughter. Determined to help her out, the mommy decides to take the curious teen to the job with her. She is surprised to see a limo parked in their driveway. Whatever her stepmom does, she’s well taken care of! It turns out her milfy stepmom works as an escort, and this afternoon she needs to get down to business with a full-bosomed client! The young chick is appalled when she finds out her stepmom’s true profession, but she needs to work on the essay subject, so she stays put as the women undress. The escort lady is first to dive into the client’s mature pussy, slurping on its juices. The teen keeps glancing at the lesbian duo, biting her cute lips, feeling the need to join. The beautiful naked woman begins cumming hard, and the junior tart starts undressing. The lezzies begin from her small boobs, slowly removing her panties. The platinum blonde sticks her tongue inside the tight slit while the brunette is there to encourage her stepdaughter to relax and enjoy. The youthful doll tastes the pussy for the first time, going down on the sexy client, while her stepmom tongues her cunt from behind. Three naked women makes sloppy sounds during the pussy licking sessions, loving every second of it. The stepmommy now needs her twat pleased, so the curvy MILF starts swirling her tongue around her clit. Her button gets sucked by her stepdaughter now, and the busty brunette barely holds her composure. The naked girl sits on the blonde milf’s face next, grinding on her tongue, cumming all over the lesbian’s sexy face. Her tight body begins twisting in pleasure, but the trio can’t stop until all of them cum. All three lezzies are on the sofa, rubbing each other’s pink buttons until the girls start screaming in unison, cumming at the same time. Yes, she will submit a school report about THAT! 