It’s been a long day at school, and these sexy girls were looking forward to going home, and relaxing, but their teacher had other plans for them and their classmates. All three of them had to retake the test, the girls because they cheated. These two girls were always looking for fun, and when the teacher specifically told them not to cheat, that was the only thing on their mind. They shared a look, and one of them wrote on a small piece of paper asking the other how they will cheat this test if the guy in the middle won’t tell them his answers. But the other, and much more slutty girl had a brilliant idea. She wrote back to her friend to tell the nerdy guy in between them that if he lets them cheat off of him, then these sluts will suck his big cock. While one horny schoolgirl stuck her lips to his, the other pulled down his pants. The girls tried to be quiet for their teacher’s sake, but when both of them locked their lips to his big and hard cock, he could barely keep his moans from escaping his throat. The girls took a turn sucking his cock. One of the girls climbed his head and sat on his face. The nerd was busy licking one girl when the other slut was busy sucking on his cock. He let them drench his dick with their spit, and when he finally had enough of their teasing, he got up and dragged both of them to the teacher’s desk. They quickly dropped their panties on the floor. The girls spread their legs to show him their waiting cunts.   Every time he licked one pussy he felt the other was left wanting. He laid down on the desk, and let one of them climb on top of him, while the other squatted over his head. He was in pussy paradise, and when he woke up this morning he couldn’t even imagine himself in this situation, having sex with two hotties right in the middle of a classroom. He had two naked girls fighting for his big member, and both of them took turns riding him. The blondie was sitting on his face, and she let his trace his tongue over her soaking wet slit, while the sexy brunette pushed her pussy down on his shaft. Their quiet moans filled the classroom, and they were trying so hard not to scream. If their teacher saw them like this then they would definitely get detention. One by one the girls sat on his cock and fucked themselves until they orgasmed and made him drink their juices. Both their young cunts were making wet, slurping sounds as he fucked them. He watched as his big cock made the girls cum and then his turn came. These two schoolgirls sucked him furiously and he rewarded them for it by shooting a hot jet of his thick creme on their faces. When he was finished cumming he stood up and he was gasping for breath. Their faces were covered in cum and cream and the girls were laughing. They made out with cum dripping out of their kiss covering their faces.