My loving stepmom Lilly has always been there for me. Her motherly care pushed me to get the confidence I needed to get myself a girl. She went above and beyond to help me gain enough confidence to start dating girls finally. My stepmom took my hand and let me grope her hooters. ‘You’ve never touched breasts before?’ The MILF removed her cute summer dress, and her bare boobs were tantalizing! I loved the way she squeezed her natural tits, and she soon realized I had a boner. My stepmom pulled my cock out and admired the length of it. Actually, she loved it so much that she began licking it, wrapping her experienced lips around it. For the first time in my life my cock was in someone’s mouth and the sensation was better than I ever imagined it would be. I loved the way she paid attention to my balls, and soon enough, I could feel the back of her throat. Lilly made slurping sounds while giving me a blowjob, while her dark eyes looked straight into mine. I couldn’t help the urge to cum, and she was happy to swallow every last drop of my seed. The next day I approached her in the kitchen and complained about being dumped one more time. She was wearing a cute red top, and I wanted to see her incredible tits. My loving stepmom flashed her naked twins at me, and my pants suddenly felt tighter. She grabbed the ice cubes and the view of them melting on her jugs made me go crazy! Lilly revealed her shaved cunt to me, and I didn’t hesitate. I pushed my cock inside it as my stepmom sat on a stool. Next thing I knew, my virgin cock was being sucked into her deliciously warm and wet tunnel. I was watching my cock disappear inside her snatch.   This was the first time my cock was really touching pussy! I began to slowly pump my hips, savoring the feeling of a pussy. My stepmom stood up, turned her amazing ass to me, and I pumped her from behind. The sight of her big ass swallowing my dick caused me to fuck her faster. She begged me for a creampie, so I filled her greedy hole with my jizz. Slowly I pulled out, my cum leaking out of her vagina! We kept working on my confidence, fucking on a regular basis. A couple of days later, we were alone in the bedroom, and my rod found its way between her legs very soon. I fucked my sexy stepmother missionary, and she rubbed her clit hard for me. I loved the sound of her moans, and I took care of her pussy with gusto. Lilly pinched her nipples and got up, shaking her juicy ass while I was railing her doggy style. I didn’t have to do anything but see her fantastic body jiggle below me, making me want her even more. This time, my stepmom wanted to take my shaft for a ride. I watched her bombastic body flex on top of me, and I could see she was close to cumming. I stroked her little clit while my rod was still stretching her pussy, and witnessed my stepmom reach the ultimate satisfaction while riding my cock. The MILF kept going and asked me to fill her cunt with my jizz. I obeyed, rocked her body for a couple of minutes, and finally released a spray of spunk inside Lilly’s tight hole. I promised her she would always be his number one girl!