Ebony stunner Lacey and a busty beauty Nola are lovers. Despite having sex with her lesbian partner every day, Lacey still needs more, so she tries to fuck her buddy behind her girlfriend’s back. The cheaters are fooling around in the bedroom when the curvy hottie enters the room. The guy hides behind her back, and the ebony hottie feels his cock penetrate her pussy from behind. The sexy black babe gets rid of her girlfriend as soon as possible, gets in a position ‘Fuck me from behind’, on all fours with her gorgeous chocolate ass high in the air. When her girlfriend returns, her guy hides in the closet and the ebony hottie pretends to be masturbating. Nora wants to please her lover, so she uses a dildo on the chocolate chick and sits on her face, grinding wildly against her tongue. The sight of two naked girls licking each other’s cunts is too hot for the hidden dude, so he jerks off, listening to loud moans and screams. The scissoring brings both lezzies to the verge of an orgasm. The dude finally plucks up his courage, fucking the ebony twat from behind while she eats her girlfriend’s pussy. Nora sees him, but instead of being mad, she begins sucking the cock. Both brunettes use their lips to pleasure the white dick, accommodating the whole length of it inside their mouths. The curvy slut is the first to ride the dick reverse cowgirl style, and the dark-skinned girlfriend is there to rub her button and stroke her tits. The naked girls gaze into each other’s eyes during the rodeo, loving the kinky interracial threesome. The sexy Ebony gets railed missionary while her girlfriend is sitting on her face. While her big jugs jump up and down, the full-bosomed sweetheart rubs her clit, as the stiff rod fucks her soaked love hole. The view of her ebony girlfriend’s perky boobs mixed with the intense pounding help her reach an orgasm in a couple of minutes. The young man now turns his attention to Ebony pussy, screwing it hard. He pulls out and sprays the creamy jizz on the horny lesbians’ divine bodies, watching them kiss passionately. 