This gorgeous blonde MILF puts a lot of effort into keeping her ass perfectly sculpted and today she really needed a full body workout. When the guys in the gym come around they have to stop and stare. Her body is wonderful. No; it is amazing and astounding. Her hourglass figure features a flat stomach, firm tits and a tight ass. Her legs are perfect, firm and shapely. The sexy MILF proceeded to get through her exercises and she didn’t let herself get distracted by anyone or anything. But her determination was short lived, because, just as she was finishing her stretch, she felt a pair of eyes on her. He spotted her when her perfect ass was in the air, and her legs were spread just enough so he could see everything. After locking her eyes with him, she suddenly felt too exposed in her skimpy outfit. She could barely remember what he said, but she picked up that he wanted to help her stretch. She nodded, and he helped her get down on her mat. His big and strong hands roamed all over her body, and she gladly let him. He hooked his fingers into the hem of her shorts, and he pulled them all the way down. The beautiful woman let out a gasp, and waited to see what he would do next. She closed her eyes, and then she felt his warm and wet tongue connect with her wet slit. If she wasn’t horny before, now she surely is. His gentle tongue traced her slit from her clit to her soaking wet opening.   The naked woman got into an arch position with her pelvis high in the air and only her hands and feet touching the mat below. The stranger was between her thighs, slobbering all over her lovely pussy, tongue fucking her slit and sucking on her throbbing clit. Then she bent like a pretzel, tucking her legs behind her shoulders, pussy exposed. The feeling of a hungry, devouring mouth feasting on her pussy and a writhing tongue licking her clit was amazing! Before she could explain this situation to herself in her mind, she was already kissing him. The hot MILF could taste herself on his lips, and that made her go crazy. She helped him take off all his clothes, and he grabbed her waist and pushed her on the chair. Her ass was in the air, while she was holding herself up with her hands. His cock entered her with force, and she loved it. Her soaking wet pussy gripped his member tighter with every thrust. Finally her mature, MILF pussy was getting in a serious workout! The naked babe spread her vag lips for his giant hog and went for a slippery ride. Her body, her ass, her abs, everything look amazing as she twisted and turned on his dick, pleasuring this lucky guy from every angle possible. His balls were slapping against her ass making a loud sound as they continued fucking. She was begging him to shoot his cum inside of her. He fucked her like a dirty little slut, and granted her dirty wish. She even squirted a little bit! She squirted on his thick dumbbell, took a fat load and wanted him to keep fucking her deep and hard.