It is football season, and Jordi went to his friend’s house to enjoy the last game in the season. It was so exciting, and after their favorite team took the lead, the boys started celebrating, spilling all the food on the floor. The friend’s hot girlfriend got down to clean it up and our friend Jordi noticed that her pyjama pants were torn. She had no panties underneath, and her naked ass was flashing out. Jordi couldn’t look away from this exotic scenery. The boy could resist dipping his finger down that cute ass. The vixen didn’t expect it, but she loved it when she felt something firm inside her. It made her crave something bigger that was hiding inside the guy’s pants. When he got an opportunity, Jordi sneakily ripped her pajama pants to reveal even more of her ass and pussy. Her boyfriend was too obsessed with the game to notice his buddy fingering the slut’s asshole. He kept watching the TV as the couple was getting ready to play some more. Her lame boyfriend hadn’t fucked her well in a long time, so she wanted this pervert to nail her like a whore. She went up to him and took his tool out. It was so big and she immediately put it in her mouth. She could blow like a professional, and she was getting that stick so hard. But then, the boyfriend’s cell rang and he had to leave. It was perfect as the horny couple could now fuck freely. Jordi tore the girl’s pants as he was hungry for her pussy. He spread her meaty ass cheecks with both hands.   Her pussy was bald and wet, he started eating it, running his tongue up and down her ass crack. The cheating girlfriend was moaning as her twat was getting even wetter. His tongue was going down her hole and his thick dick was straight as an arrow. It was exactly the thing she needed. The busty slut, got on top of the lover and let her huge tits out. She started jumping as they were bouncing. As her cunt was tight, his fat pecker felt so good inside it. Jordi was holding onto her fat ass as she was screaming. The girl craved a fuck like that for a long time and he fucked her good. Her big tits were on his mouth, and he was kissing them as she rode on his stick. He turned her over to nail her down. This slut loved hardcore pounding, so he made sure to get as deep as he could. The boyfriend was still out, with no idea that this cheating bitch was banging his friend. Once again, she was on top of him, getting herself another wild ride. After she was done with it, the wicked guy wanted to finish her off, so he threw her on the couch and got behind her. His pecker went so deep inside her, and he was pounding her roughly. His balls were getting ready to get empty, but he kept banging her until he filled that bald twat with cream. Her pussy was leaking with him cum and she quickly put her ripped pyjama pants back on.