Her camera roll is filled with nothing but her nudes. A sexy teen girl has been aching to get her pussy drilled hard and mercilessly, until there’s a river of cum dripping down her thigh. Even before her friend stepped foot into her house, she was dripping wet. Her pretty pink pussy was aching to be freed of its cotton prison. She traced her hand all over her body, starting from her neck, to her nipples, and down to her panties. With one swift motion she took them off, and using her thumbs she flung them all across the room. After observing her luscious, almost perfect figure with a voluptuous ass and perky tits he dropped to his knees. Not breaking eye contact once he let his tongue feel the wetness of her pretty cunt. She let a loud moan escape her throat as his tongue went deeper inside of her. She couldn’t catch her breath, and he loved seeing her like that. His tongue ran up and down her pussy lips faster and faster, swirling around her clit. His big member was throbbing from just thinking about fucking her like a dirty little slut. The naked girl knelt before him and began kissing his cock, sucking it, licking his balls. Stroking his cock with her small hand she used her tongue to swirl circles around the head. ‘Now fuck me. Give me your cock. Let me feel your cum shoot in my pussy. Cum in my pussy. Fill my cunt with your cum.’ She gladly spread her legs for him, and he took a little moment to enjoy that beautiful view. Her shaved and wet pussy was almost glistening in the sunlight.   After he had had enough of teasing her, he pushed his big cock inside of her pink slit. She has been waiting for days to feel that pleasure again. She couldn’t control herself any longer, and she let out a loud scream along with naughty begging words. His face lit up when he realized that she had been begging him to cum inside of her. She wanted to get addicted to his juice. His smile turned into a smirk, and he picked up his pace. He was beyond fucking her, his cock was thrusting so fast in and out of her, she practically melted into him. He couldn’t hold back anymore and shot a massive load in her pussy, followed by another. Her young tight pussy tensed as she felt his release, grabbing his cock as she came again feeling his hot cum inside her pussy. Her pussy was pulsating with his semen, her clit literally thrumming. The naked girl climed him, lowered her cum dripping pussy onto his swollen dick and started slamming herself down on him. She had one long orgasm and with each squeeze of her vagina, more and more cum was milked from his balls. More and more cum was filling her up. He stood up and with his big hands grabbed her hips, and placed his cum slut on all fours. Cum was constantly leaking out of pussy. A tiny pussy filled with cum is the most erotic thing! She was lost in so much lust and pleasure, and all she cared about was feeling his tasty cum inside of her, before letting go completely and cumming all over his cock. It was the biggest creampie and his spunk was oozing out for ages afterwards.