Teen babysitter knew that he had a crush on her since the moment she started working for his family. She tried to keep things professional, and only focus on babysitting their kid, but now things have changed. He was divorced, and she was fired. If there was ever a chance for her to get together with him, then this was it. She smiled at him, joked that she could be a nanny for him and in the middle of their conversation she grabbed her shirt and pulled it over her shoulders. He was speechless. He tried not to stare but couldn’t help it, he was looking at the most beautiful breast he had ever seen. Her young tits were not too big, probably a full B cup, but they were sublime, high, perky, perfectly shaped. Her perky tits were pierced, and he could feel his big cock throbbing in his pants since the second he saw her naked. She wanted him, she needed him, and she knew he wanted her too. In a moment of pure lust, he reached over to her and locked their lips together. Their clothes were flying everywhere, and they couldn’t care less. He was focused on her perfect body, and her tight and wet opening that he was sure was calling his name. The naked girl was lying on her back with her legs spread and her fingers twisting and pulling on her pink nipples. She closed her eyes and enjoyed the moment as he started to slowly push his hard cock into her soaking wet pussy. He was fucking the most beautiful girl on earth! Then the naked babysitter pushed him on the bed and climbed on top of him. She pushed herself on his big member, and moaned as he tore through her and stretched out her walls. The feeling of her tight, wet pussy sliding up and down my dick was incredible. She moved her hips fast and hard, not letting him catch his breath. Her perky titties цuкu shaking like crazy as he was doing her doggie. His balls were slapping against her hot shaved pussy, his hips slapping against her ass cheeks. Both of them were on the edge, and after a few more thrusts, they came together. 