This husband doesn’t get much pussy from his wife, so he found a sultry blonde to satisfy his needs. A hot blonde with a perfect body. Gorgeous big titties, a juicy ass and the most beautiful pussy you have ever seen. They fuck every time his wife is at work, but she almost caught them in action this time. The lady forgot her phone, and the hubby had to find a way to sneak the naked blonde out of the house. But it didn’t go well, as the wife heard them and she was not happy to see another woman in their home. The cheating husband presented the curvaceous babe as their new nanny. The lady of the house didn’t like her really, but she let her do the necessary chores in that slutty uniform. The mistress, however, wasn’t pleased with having to do chores, and instead looked through his wife’s drawers, trying on her sexy lingerie and pleasuring herself with her sex toys. Then the sexy naked babe found a breast pump and decided to play play with it too. Her big tits got even bigger and swollen after working with the breast pump. Her nipples became swollen and jutted out. Once he saw what she was up to he couldn’t help himself and the two had sneaky sex behind his wife’s back. He settled down between her spread legs to lick her beautiful pussy. The hot naked blonde rocked her pussy back onto his tongue as he licked up her pussy and swirled his tongue around her clit.   But the lovers had to hide again, as the suspicious wife was looking for the nanny to get her out of the house. As soon as she left, the blonde took the guy’s cock and started blowing it. Her twat was so wet and she wanted that tool inside it. When his pecker was ready, the naked babe bent over the bed and the hubby started nailing her deep. His hips slapping against her ass cheeks, his balls slapping against her clit, his hand gripping her hair, she moans and groans with each thrust deep into her. He was slapping her fat white ass while she was moaning. This bitch could fuck all the time and she loved to be on top. The babe got over the stud and started riding his stick cowgirl style. He grabbed her big tits with both hands, squeezing them as he kept pumping harder and faster. Her big ass was bouncing up and down. She placed his hot throbbing cock between her amazing boobs and kept fucking him with her tits, up and down, up and down. Her pussy was burning and she wanted him to finish her off before the wife would interrupt them again. The foxy blonde got into the doggy and let him destroy that drenched cooch. He was choking her as he was emptying his balls down that soft snatch.