My best friend’s slutty sister is out of this world. She is a petite brunette teen with a perfect body, pouty lips, a nice cute little ass and perky titties. While I was downstairs chilling with her brother, she and her boyfriend sneaked upstairs. My buddy had to leave the house and asked me to wait for him to return, so I stayed put. I knew the hottie was fooling around upstairs, so I slowly opened the doors of her room, watching her boyfriend caress her body. Now I was spying on them like some pervert. Her superb butt was fully naked, and the boobs were out of the skimpy top. The dude grabbed her ass cheeks with his hands and began licking her pussy. I saw he leaned in circling her asshole with his tongue, listening to her moans! Then my friend’s sister dropped to her knees and took her boyfriend’s penis inside her mouth. I was watching her blow that huge cock. The lucky guy spanked her juicy buttocks as she tried hard to accommodate the whole length of his pecker down her throat. Soon enough, the brunette stunner turned around, lifted one hand high up, getting screwed hardcore from behind. I was watching his cock sliding in and out of lovely pussy. I felt wrong for watching, so I interrupted them and let them know I was there, but instead of being ashamed, the teen loved the fact that she was being spied on. They encouraged me to keep looking and filming! They were fucking like crazy doggy style, and the whorish chick was so turned on that her moans soon turned into screams. She gave me naughty looks while getting pounded, begging for more. The guy held her neck, railing her pussy without mercy. The teen waved at me while cumming all over her lover’s cock. Missionary style was next. The dude squeezed her tits, and her fingers rubbed her soaked clit. I knew she was gonna cum one more time, and the view of her lovely body shaking was the hottest thing I have ever seen. My friend’s naked sister mounted the cock, riding it reverse cowgirl style, treating me with the view of her shaved twat. The man helped her reach another orgasm by caressing her button during the intense pussy drilling. 