Living with my beautiful Latina girlfriend isn’t for those with a light heart. This gorgeous brunette girl is insatiable. Her pussy is always ready for a hard and deep pounding, and she’s the kind of girl that doesn’t care where we are. If she is in the mood for fucking, then you better believe that she is getting whatever she wanted. This girl was her horniest in the morning, and when I walked up behind her during her Yoga, I could see it in her eyes, when she turned around. She kept on teasing me with her gorgeous ass and her pink pussy the whole morning. I love when she poses for me in her almost transparent panties. Aren’t these the cutest panties? After torturing me with her sexy selfies, she ready to spend a steaming hot day with me. My babe freed my cock out of my pants and used her sexy little feet to stroke it. She started sucking like an expert, fucking my cock with her mouth, while her feet caressed my balls. When I looked at her, she gave me a smile I knew all too well. She was aching to get my dick deep inside of her. So she stripped naked and spread her legs as much as she could. I placed my cock on her center and teased her a little bit. My tip lightly went over her hard clit, and she couldn’t stop herself from moaning. Finally, I pushed myself inside of her and pounded her tight and shaved pussy on the couch. Then my lovely girlfriend started twerking hard and fast on my cock. Her ass cheeks rippling as she did so. He begging me for more. Whatever my good little girl wants, then that’s what she will get. She grabbed my cock and started jerking on it as I blasted stream after long stream of white cum on her tongue.   After our naughty morning workout, she dragged me all over town, for shopping. Although, she wanted my cock again more than finding new clothes. She pulled her night shorts down off of her ass until I could see her pretty little cunt. She pushed her ass back onto me as my cock plunged into her cunt again and again. I kept fucking her until the shop assistant barged into the dressing room, and spiced up this shopping with her mouth. The sexy redhead babe had shock-ridden all over her face, but my slutty girl turned this situation into a threesome. She let this busty hottie suck my big cock! She smiled at me as she willingly grabbed the back of the babe’s head with her hand and pushed her head down my cock. My girlfriend will not rest until she drives me over the edge… We met with the most beautiful redhead either of us has ever seen. Her long hair framed her pretty face, and her huge tits took both of our breaths away. My babe told her to get naked and sit on my cock! Her soaking wet pussy milked my cock. She moved her hips slowly at first, but then she picked up the pace. I got on top and quickly impaled her asshole with my straining shaft. I couldn’t believe my eyes when she impaled her asshole on my cock! Right before I was about to cum, the naked girls switched places, and now my girl was on top of me. The girls took turns riding my cock with their both holes. My babe always knew how to make me cum. I couldn’t hold my orgasm any longer. The naked girls were playing with my big cock, and before I knew it I sprayed both of their perfect bodies with my tasty cum. They shared a naughty look and both traced their fingers over my cum, and licked all of it. Our sex life has never been boring!