Some people may say it is kinky, but let’s be honest, every guy wishes to fuck a MILF and her young horny teen daughter. We were in the living room and my girlfriend my tool was inside her mouth. And boy, this hoe was good. She sure was a cocksucking whore. She was giving me head on the sofa and my pecker was going to shoot a load of cum in her mouth. But all of a sudden, her stepdaughter sneaked into the room. The little slut was watching her stepmom suck my cock! And guess what? She started masturbating on the floor, rubbing her pussy and watching her mommy sucking me. Mommy wanted to chase her away, but then it got even hotter. The MILF wanted to punish the little skank, so she pushed her head and made the teen babe blow me! The girl got on her knees and she began to slurp my big dick. The hottie Mom grabbed the back of her stepdaughter’s head and pushed her onto me until her nose was pushed against my stomach. If only her dad knew that his ex-wife turned his daughter into a whore. But I loved it! And the little blonde was also good at giving head. It seems that mommy made sure to teach her all the dirty skills. The blonde teen sucked out my thick load, jerking my shaft, looking up at me, her tongue washing all over my cumming dick, sperm and her saliva pouring out of the corners of her mouth. But later that day, I went into the teen’s room and found her watching porn! She wanted to try everything she had seen. She quickly pulled down her shorts, arched her back, stuck out her bum and offered her pale twat to me. I couldn’t say no to that offer. I couldn’t wait to get to her young cunt.   I placed the cockhead against her pussy, and the teen pushed back, shoving my manhood deep into her pussy. Her pussy was tight and unbelievably hot. It was like a wet, tight, slick, pulsating glove. God, she was tighter than her mommy. She craved my cock. I slapped her cute ass, getting ready to hit it off hard. But then, mommy came in and saw us. The bitch was jealous! So I was left with blue balls. It was clear that we all wanted to have a threesome. So there I was, in my living room, with two nasty ladies ready to fuck me. They were both hungry and I had enough for both. The teen was blowing me as mommy was eating that young cunt out from behind. As the girls swapped places the mommy took my cock in her mouth, and her stepdaughter began licking her mature cunt and even shoving her tongue into her asshole! She literally was fucking her ass with her tongue. It was so crazy and I didn’t realize that I would get into a perverted family threesome. Then the mom spread her stepdaughter’s legs for my cock to enter. Meanwhile, mom was licking all around it, making me so damn horny. The naked girls laid down on their backs ass to ass with their pussies in the air. I moved my cock from one pussy to the other and back. It was such a wonderful feeling. Then the sluts laid on top of each other so their pussies were together. I fucked both their cunts until I was ready to finish. I pulled it out and let the jizz out, all over their cunts. The girls started to lick my cum off each other.