A horny couple is into kinky roleplay, always finding new ways to spice things up in the bedroom. This time, the blonde hottie turns into a slutty schoolgirl, a bad girl that must be punished. Her long hair with pigtails and nerdy glasses make her look like a teen, and a plaid skirt hides a juicy treat underneath. The sweetheart apologizes for being late to the class and surrenders her body to her boyfriend, ready for the upcoming hardcore punishment. She reveals a naked butt with a small heart tattoo on the right butt cheek and a freshly shaved pussy when she turns around. The mischievous blonde gets her ass spanked with a ruler, lightly at first, but soon her buttocks turn bright pink. The aroused hunk squeezes his girlfriend’s tight tushy, kneading and spanking the meaty buns. The mixture of pain and pleasure makes the slut moan and scream, squirming underneath her lover’s strong hands. The pervy guy slaps the rosy clit, too, feeling its wetness underneath his fingers. After a kinky spanking session, the young belle gets down on her knees and takes a lengthy shaft inside her mouth. The schoolgirl unbuttons her skimpy top, releasing a pair of large boobs with round and pinkish nipples. Since she has to make up for not paying attention in school, the blowjob is sloppy and wild. The light-haired chick spits on the rod, gargling and slurping, feeling the shaft hit the back of her throat. After the cock worshipping session, the nerdy slut lies on her back, squeezing her hooters while her boyfriend rams her pussy missionary style. While screwing, the couple gazes into each other, rolling their eyes in pleasure.   When he is done pounding the cutie’s pussy, the stud turns his attention to her butt hole. He embeds his tool inside the narrow back entrance while the hottie rubs her dripping wet clit. The sexy schoolgirl now turns around, shaking her big bubble ass in front of the stud’s nose, teasing him to fuck her doggy style. He approaches her and sticks his pecker in the ass, railing it passionately. He loves to tease, too, so he pulls out, waiting for his girlfriend to beg for more, and then continues drilling her aching holes. The platinum blonde wants to suck his hot throbbing cock, so she sticks her tongue out, gobbling on the cock. She uses her mouth and hands to milk the throbbing tool, finally welcoming the salty seed. There was so much cum on her pretty face it looked like she had been through a ten man bukkake instead of just getting a facial from her man. The cum-eating slut plays with the jizz, gargling and letting it ooze all the way down to her perfectly round tits. Playing with cum is her favorite kinky game. The couples’ roleplay sometimes includes tons of spunk covering the blonde’s bombastic body, and she mixes her pussy juices with the creamy fluid, masturbating in front of her boyfriend, anal sex toys. Turning into a dominating policewoman is another way to make her lover cum hard and fill her ass with his love seed.