A day by the pool is just what you need on this hot day! A young naked girl will be happy to keep company to you! When the day is this hot, this beautiful girl has no choice but to jump in the cold pool naked to cool off. The only problem for this sexy brunette is that she is horny. She just lies there with her slender legs up and parted and showing off her pussy. You have to have your dick in her. You have to feel it sliding deep into the softness of her young wet pussy. You jump into the pool with her, trying to play it cool. But the naked girl sees right through you and drags you out to the sunbeds. She sits down and spreads her beautiful legs, inviting you in. You drop to your knees to connect your tongue with her swollen clit. She gasps louder and louder, the more your tongue dug deeper inside of her wet hole. The girl is a horny mess, and she needs you to make her cum. You stand up, not letting go of her hand, and lead her to the pool. Her mouth is watering, and she is aching to taste your huge cock. Her lips wrap around the tip and she can taste your precum. The cute naked girl strokes your cock with her small hands and then attempts to swallow it but it is too big for her mouth and she begins running her tongue over the outside of its length and all over the balls. The girl can’t wait any longer. Her teen pussy is dripping with her juices and aching for your cock. Nuzzling your smooth cockhead between her labia you lower yourself forcing the thick cock into her little fuck hole.   You love the feeling of her tight lips as they move up and down your shaft while she looks you in the eye. Her pussy is shaved smooth, very tidy, a very nice little clitty and small but swollen lips. It isn’t long before you have her head buried in the sunbed again, while your big cock is pounding her from behind. The backyard is filled with her loud moans, and you love the way she is begging for you to fuck her little pussy. The girl is insatiable! Your hands wrap around her waist with ease, and in one swift motion, you get her on top. This petite brunette is so much smaller than you, which allowed you to use her like your own private little sex doll. The naked girl pushes herself on your member again, and when she feels the shaft stretch out her walls she lets out a cry filled with pleasure. She can feel how close she is to cumming, but she holds on. She wants you to cum together, and she still hasn’t gotten enough. She moves her pretty hips faster and harder, and she can feel your dick twitching inside of her vagina. She wants all of you, inside of her. So she lets you relocate her once again, before pushing you inside of her again when she gets settled onto all fours. She can scream and shout out of pure pleasure your huge cock is giving her. These young sexy girls just love huge cocks! All the sweet spots inside of her are aching to cum, but she is determined to make you spill your cum first. She begins to rock her hips to meet your thrusts, pushing her cute little ass harder and fasted onto your throbbing cock. The pleasure you are both feeling is too intense, and soon after a few more thrusts, you cum inside of her, making her cum with you too!