I was never the marrying type. I always thought that I would be single forever, because of my love for naughty girls and slutty hotties. But then I met Gianna. This girl flipped my world upside down, and in the best way. She was the most beautiful girl I have ever met. The day before our wedding, she didn’t let me to see her wedding dress, it is bad luck, but she didn’t mind to pose completely naked for me. My big cock jumped instantly at the sight of her. She smiled at me and climbed on the bed. Her naughty lips were so close to my cock when her damned phone rang. She reached for it and answered it, it was her mother. But I was having too much fun teasing her, that I was not about to miss this opportunity. I shoved my massive cock in her mouth while she was on the phone. I couldn’t care less about my soon to be mother-in-law, because I knew that my cock owned this brunette hottie. My sexy naked fiancée climbed on my cock and began to ride me. She lifted her hips up and slammed her pussy down on me, grinding her pelvis against mine. She made me cum on her back and on her perfect ass. Having a super hot and sweet girlfriend with a great personality is every man’s dream, right? But are truly you man enough to take this big step? For a moment I imagined all those girls whom I could meet, new pussies I could fuck. But finally I made my choice and we exchanged our wedding rings. After the marriage ceremony, she took my hand and dragged me out in the lobby. She had a surprise for me! I knew she was the sexiest little bride but even I couldn’d guess what she was planning in her naughty mind!   I let her lead the way to a hotel room, where her slutty bridesmaids were already naked and lined up! She took off her big puffy dress with ease and pushed me on the bed. My beautiful wife wrapped her mouth around my cock like it was the first time she has ever seen me naked. Her friends followed her lead, and in a minute I had three naked girls suck my cock. All three of them licked my big shaft slowly, and teasingly. Their greedy little mouths almost made me cum all over their pretty face. I held onto my orgasm and watched as these girls switched on my cock. My naked wife climbed on top of me first, and when she pushed herself on me, I could’ve sworn I felt butterflies in my stomach. Her tight pussy gripped my cock perfectly, and I fucked her until she couldn’t stand anymore. Naked bridesmaids patiently waiting for their turn. I signaled for them to get closer to me. I fucked the naughty blonde until her pussy juices drenched my cock. The peak of my night was when the gorgeous girl I have fantasized about, since the moment I met my wife milked my cock like a pro. Her soaking wet pussy and her walls gripped my cock hard. Their three pussies made me cum like never before. I got to fuck the three biggest sluts at the party, and I would love fuck them like that ever again. If I had said no to this wedding then I wouldn’t be here fucking all these smoking hot babes.