I had to come home early from work, so I could show our new nanny the ins and outs of our house, I didn’t mind getting off of work, and taking the day to relax. She was a young teen girl, and she loved to wear tight and short skirts. While I was giving her a tour of our place, I could’ve sworn that she was flirting with me. But I brushed it off and continued to help her with settling in. I stepped out of the room for a few moments, and when I came back this gorgeous girl had her mini skirt pulled up and I could see her shaved pussy and her huge ass clear as day! Her thin thong string barely hiding anything in her crack. Moreover, there was something in her asshole! Then I realized it was a butt plug! I had never done anal before, my wife and previous girlfriends had all refused when I asked them. The sexy teen girl locked her eyes with mine, and I only broke the connection to let my eyes roam all over her body. I fixated on her cute little ass, and I could clearly see the big butt plug she had in her asshole. Later I found her in the guest room. She was lying on her front, with her ass on display. My dick went crazy! I couldn’t think anymore, lust overcame my body. She didn’t say a word and just gave me a naughty smile. She wanted me too, and the lust in her eyes told me to hurry and take her right then and there. Her red thong was the only thing that kept me from licking her little asshole.   I didn’t waste any time, so I spread her pretty ass cheeks with my hands, and buried my face in their. My tongue licked her ass crack, and she whimpered. Her pretty face was ridden with pleasure when I licked her pussy and her asshole. The little slut even let me to dabble with her anus, shoving a few anal sex toys in and out. Then I stood up to free my cock from my pants, and the sexy teen babe rushed to stuff my member deep into her mouth. This dirty little slut knew how to make me cum with her sexy lips. I had to hold on and want until I get to fuck her tight ass. As if she read my mind, she begged me to fuck her. I pushed my big cock in her pussy, and begun thrusting. Her tight teen pussy gripped my huge cock, and it felt so good. But she needed more, so I switched between her holes, and she screamed out of pleasure while I was pushing my cock in and out of her. Her asshole was so tight. It felt so good to feel her ass squeeze me inside. Her tight ass was everything I needed, and when she got tired of laying down, she pushed me on the bed and climbed on top of me. Her juicy ass slapping against my skin and my cock was the best view I could ever want. Naked girl moved her hips and milked my cock until I filled her with my cum. But this hottie was insatiable, and she begged me to fuck her more. My cock was throbbing for her and her tight pussy. Feeling her walls close in on my cock, made me cum again, all over her perfect body. 