Katie was running all over her big sorority house, looking for her missing boyfriend. She couldn’t believe that he would go rogue when she specifically told him that it was forbidden to have guys over. If someone saw him and figured out that she was the one that sneaked him in, she could get kicked out of the house. Meanwhile, the dude went to the bathroom to change, but he bumped into another sorority girl craving dick. The naked girl grabbed his cock and began sucking it with a gusto. She wanted him to fuck her right there in the bathroom but they were interrupted by his girlfriend. When Katie barged into the bathroom and bumped into her naked girlfriend, her mind went blank, and she remembered how horny she was. The beautiful brunette girl was soaking wet, and fresh out of the shower. She took her by the hand and led her into her room. She pushed her on the bed and threw her towel on the floor. The naked girl was looking at her with lust in her eyes, and she was aching to get her pussy pounded. The naked girl spread apart their legs and pushed their hips to rub their wet cunt against each other. Katie loved scissoring soaking wet girls and making them cum with her fast thrusts. As she was making her sexy friend moan and scream, her boyfriend peaked his head into the room, and his girlfriend told him to wait. She sneaked away from the girl to her room so that she could get her pretty pussy pounded and stretched out.   She has been aching to her on his fat cock all day, and all the girls have had their turn on his joystick. But in the middle of riding him, her friend called out to her and she went to finish the job. But she didn’t realize that her boyfriend followed her. He stood behind her, as she ate her friend out, and the naughty brunette invited her boyfriend to join them. A few minutes ago he was fucking the brunette in the bathroom where Katie found her, and now he was pounding both of them, and making the hot naked girls scream and beg for more. His big member was ready to cover both of these sexy ladies with his tasty cum, and he wasn’t planning on stopping before making both of them cum hard for him. He crept behind his girlfriend and pushed his big cock inside of her. She moaned but still kept licking the dripping wet pussy in front of her. This horny gang drenched the bed with their sweat and juices. The naked girls had their turn in sucking his big dick, but in a moment both of them had the best idea. They made him lay down on the bed, while they rubbed their slits over his cock and milked it. He was in pussy heaven, and he was just getting started. He pushed both of the girls on the bed and made his girlfriend sit on her friend’s face, while he fucked her straight and hard. His big dick stretched out their walls, and he fucked them until the whole sorority house was shaking because of their loud moans. How many naked girls can he fuck in the sorority house in one day?