The house was never quiet since his new, and beautiful brunette stepsister moved in. She has been hanging out with her slutty blonde friend, and when the two of them united to make fun of him, there wasn’t a safe place to hide. But even after all those flaws, he couldn’t help himself but fantasize about her, and her sexy body. He wondered what she looked like naked, or horny. She was way too pretty for him when he and his buddy were the geekiest of the geeks. One day, while his sexy sister was away, he installed a camera in her room, hoping to catch a glimpse of her sexy body. But when he later watched the video, with his nerdy friend, they got to watch the whole show. His stepsister was fully naked, rubbing her pussy with legs spread wide open. Until one day, they got caught. His stepsister and her noisy friend barged into his room, while they were looking over the footage. The girls tried to make the nerds fix their grades in the system. They didn’t realize that the smarter these guys get, the harder it is to get them to do anything for free. The nerds shared a look and exclaimed their demands. If their sisters want their grades fixed, then both of them would have to show them what sex with hot girls feels like! But they still didn’t take them seriously. They made little jokes as the nerdy games flicked their tongues over their clits. One joke too much, and the guys felt a strange and primal emotion awaken inside of them.   The nerds picked up the girls and stuffed their faces with their hard cocks. It was enough of the jokes for them, and all they wanted was to fuck their pussies and cum in them. Before the naked girls knew what was going on, the nerds switched them and started thrusting inside of their tight holes. Moans, grunts, and screams filled the living room. The girls were too caught up in riding them that they forgot to make their little jokes. Their big members stretched out their walls and made their pussies twitch and grip on those cocks hard. All of a sudden, it didn’t matter that these guys were nerds or the deal. It felt too good to stop fucking them. They have never met bigger geeks with even bigger cocks. They picked up their pace and swayed their hips faster and harder. The teens had sex in all positions they could think of. Fortunately these nerds had seen a lot of porn videos. Their sister’s tight little cunts were aching for a big load! But what the girls didn’t know was that their geeky stepbrothers were not going to let their spunk go to waste. These guys made sure their sister’s pussies were filled deep! The girls heard them groan as they began to cum in their pussies together, pumping their loads into them! The naked girls were in a 69 and the nerdy spunk was leaking out of their cunts.