A nerdy teen needs her father’s help to move out. The man enters the house and gets introduced to the worst roommate ever, Janice. The bitchy brunette is a petite beauty, stretching her skinny flexible body by a fireplace when the mature guy first sees her. The girls pick up a fight, starting a catfight in front of the worried dad. All he wants is to take his daughter’s things out of the house, but slutty Janice has other plans. When his daughter storms out of the room the hottie gets naked in front of the man! She exposes her beautiful fit body and her shaved snatch while her hard nipples stare right into his eyes. The naked girl spreads her legs and treats the guy with the view of her velvety cunt. The experienced guy is embarrassed, but his cock starts getting solid inside the pants. The seductive belle spills water all over her perky boobs, giving the mature man a naughty gaze. She realizes the guy has a boner and rushes to her knees to taste the rod. The dark-haired nympho starts the cock worshipping session with a handjob combined with ball licking. She then puts the dick inside her mouth, passionately sucking and deepthroating it. She is the queen of salivating on a big cock. The man can’t fight the urge to bang his daughter’s roommate anymore. He takes her hand and guides her on top of his pecker. Her pussy is so creamy and wet that the juices ooze down the shaft, all the way down to the swollen marbles. They are screwing on a large sofa, groaning in unison.   He lies behind the brunette, now railing her little twat sideways. His daughter desperately needs the help of her father, but he is busy nailing her ex-roommate. They stop for a minute and manage to hide from the nosy teen. The naughty couple still lies on their sides but now face each other, kissing while continuing the hardcore endeavor. The teen slut encourages the guy to keep pumping, telling him how much she loves his pecker railing her greedy cunt. The couple gets up and fucks in a standing position. The flexible stunner gets on all fours and enjoys extensive doggy-style banging next. She reaches for the man’s balls, scratching them with her long nails during the cunt pummeling. In a couple of minutes, she begins cumming hard, rolling her eyes to the back of her head. More sideways invading for the horny Janice. This time, one leg is up, and the stretchy feeling between her legs makes her go crazy. Once again, the black-haired beauty cums from the raw porking. The girl still needs more, so she lies on her back and welcomes the shaft missionary style. He is now pounding with all his might balls deep into her petite body. The naked girl craves to be on top, so she finishes the guy with a sexy cock ride. When she reaches another orgasm, she rushes to her knees and gets a shower of cum on her face.