Even though the long-haired young woman had a controlling husband, that didn’t stop her from trying to seduce a college student who tried to make some extra cash my mowing yardwork in the neighborhood. The beautiful wife found herself watching the sexy and young gardener mow their lawn, and trim their bushes. She wished that he would use those arms on her sexy and petite body. Like every good wife, she waited until her husband got busy. She walked over to her window, and when the stud looked up, she smiled at him and let her nightgown fall to the floor. She let him have a good look at her naked tits, before helping him climb up to her bedroom window. Like Rapunzel she used her long hair. He climbed her hair and jumped into her room, and she was instantly all over him. She couldn’t wait for him to use his tongue all over her sexy curves. The young dude grabbed her ass cheeks, spread them and buried his face between her lovely buttocks, licking her both holes. The babe moaned as he kept teasing her asshole with his tongue. She led him to the bed, sat on his face, his mouth perfectly fitting between her pussy lips as she wiggled. She gasped, and ground harder on his face. She rode his face, pressing her asshole against his mouth and grinding her asshole into his mouth. He used her tongue on her every hole, and the harder the cheating wife tried not to scream, sweet moans kept escaping her pretty lips. Soon, she was begging him to bang her tight asshole, and make her his little anal slut. She was aching for his big cock to thrust inside of her ass, and stretch out her walls. He listened to her every word and gave her exactly what she had been yearning for. His big member thrust inside her big butt and then switched between her two narrow holes! She wrapped her outrageously long ponytail around his cock and licked his balls. Then she asked him to stick her beautiful long hair in her anus and keep fucking her like that. The lucky guy used her long ponytail to have sneaky anal sex behind the husband’s back. His big dick made her cum harder than she ever did with her husband, and she gladly took his whole load all over her face. 