Usually, the private pool is quiet. Not many guests have the opportunity to take a swim in the beautiful pool, but every once in a while some gorgeous girls would come and play in the water. Jordi would always stand on the sidelines, and watch them have fun, and make sure that every swimmer in his pool was safe. A gorgeous girl showed up at his pool. She was curvy and smoking hot. Jordi had a thing for beautiful brunettes, and the more she hung around the pool, the more he found himself staring at her. Their innocent conversation turned into playful sexy fun. They were too into each other, to notice another girl and her sugar daddy walking over to the pool. But when she jumped into the pool with her big glass, the lifeguard quickly jumped to confiscate her drink. She knew the rules, but even when he got the glass, she started chasing him around the pool. He was expecting a lot of things to happen when she caught up to him. But when the babe dropped to her knees, pulled down his pants, and started sucking his cock, he froze in shock. Her naughty mouth wrapped around his big dick, and she tried her best to swallow him whole and make him cum in her mouth, before her husband found her. She spat his semen into the cocktail, stood up, and walked away. Jordi walked back to the pool, and his brunette friend waited for him, with a soaking wet pussy. He walked up behind her, and slowly pulled down her bikini bottoms. Jordi didn’t waste any time, and he pushed his big cock inside of her immediately. She spread her legs further and let him go deep. His thrusts became faster and sloppier. Her tight pussy made him cum faster than usual. When he filled her pussy up and pulled out his big dick, the sexy babe that had her lips wrapped around his cock, a few moments ago, kneeled in front of the sexy brunette, and she helped her clean up the mess Jordi made. She decided to give the onlookers some girl-on-girl cream pie sucking action to stare at. She literally sucked his cum out of the cunt using a cocktail straw! It didn’t take long for these naked girls to straddle him, and ride his big cock, and make him cum again and again for them, by the pool. These sexy ladies switched between riding his member and riding his face. Jordi was more than happy to make them cum for him. These brunette hotties milked his big cock like good little sluts, and he was sure that he was sent to slutty heaven. He lifted his hips from the ground and thrust inside of them, while they were riding his big dick. He promised that he would do anything to make these girls happy, and getting them to cum was now his sole mission. 