I moved into my luxury apartment a few months ago, but lately, I have had trouble paying rent. My landlord was a beautiful brunette Asian hottie, and as much as she would like to, I was never too responsible. One day she had enough of me being late with my rent, and she barged into my place like a fury. She walked up to me in a sexy white outfit, and I didn’t have to imagine her curves because of her tight skirt. She yelled at me, and I tried to keep up but she looked too hot. In a moment, the angry look in her eyes changed. Her eyes darkened, and before I could figure it out, she was already half-naked, and she told me to make her cum like never before. It was a simple enough task, and If that gets me to stay in my apartment, then I will fuck her like a dirty little slut. I sat up, and she sat on my lap. Her perfect little ass landed on my already hard cock, and I let her stroke me over my underwear. My hands roamed her gorgeous body. Her petite body fit in my big hands perfectly, and I could feel how wet she was. Soon I was sucking her clit and finger fucking her pussy. She was cumming and her pussy was squirting! OMG! She was experiencing multiple squirting orgasms! Then the cute naked girl dropped to her knees and took my cock with her mouth and licked my whole shaft. Her tiny mouth wrapped around my tip, and I got lost in the pleasure. The little girl was eager to please me, and get me hard. She needed me to pound her tight hole and make her forget her name.   I pushed her on the sofa and spread her legs as far as I could. My tip met her opening and a moan escaped her perfect lips. I looked at her with a smirk, and right before she was about to beg for me to enter her, I thrust inside of her pussy hard. I kept thrusting her until she finally started screaming for me. She was such a good little slut. My cock went deep inside of her, and her walls gripped me tighter every time I pushed my member inside of her. I felt I was cumming gallons into her little pussy. My cum was squrting out of her pussy with each thrust balls deep into her. She was close to cumming, but I was not about to let her off the hook that easy. I pulled out and grabbed her tiny waist with my big hands. She shot me a puzzled look, but I already picked her up and placed her on all fours. My thrusts became slower but more powerful, and she was begging me to cum inside of her more and more. She was aching for my jizz, and as a good tenant, I gave my beautiful landlord all the cum she wanted. The cum slut wanted me erupt all over her face. I did just that. I shot a string of my sticky stuff hitting her forehead and her nose. I kept fucking and fucking and fucking her. When she came, and I pulled out, all my spunk started spilling out of her, and she was finally happy.