Even though this sexy babe has sworn she would never again go after the same guy that her sister is fuck crazy for, her pussy ends up betraying her. She is relaxing by a large swimming pool. She is basking in tiny denim shorts and a black bikini top, wearing sunglasses, as her long dark hair is glistening in the sun. Her pervy stepbrother hops into the pool, trying to get her attention. Her firm boobs and sexy feet turn him on, and he feels his tool tenting the front of his shorts. He pulls her in the water, and the couple begins kissing. They are so aroused that they go into the bedroom, tearing each other’s clothes. The smashing brunette is fully naked now, with her stepbrother’s head between her long legs. He uses his tongue with skill, making the busty stunner shake and cum in his mouth. He doesn’t stop fucking the pussy with his tongue, shaking his head fast to stimulate the clit. His sexy naked stepsister can see his dick now needs her attention. She jerks it with her divine hands, slowly licking the tip of it. She lies on her back with her head on the edge of the bed, sucking his cock upside down. He is face fucking the hot babe without mercy, holding her head with his strong hands. She takes the whole length of it down her throat. When the dick is stiff and slippery, the hunk embeds it inside the stepsister’s pussy missionary style. He enjoys the view of natural hooters jiggling while he is busy railing the bald love hole. The beautiful girl looks as the rod disappears between the pussy lips, moaning loudly. One of her legs is up, and the stud picks up the speed, making the bed squeak underneath the horny couple. The man squeezes her gorgeous boobies during the intense screwing session. The man moves behind the brunette, now smashing her vagina sideways. To add more pleasure, she spits on her fingers and starts rubbing her clit, barely controlling her body. He uses brute force to screw his stepsister’s dripping wet cooch, going hard and balls deep.   The babe wants to be in charge next, so she straddles the guy and rides his pecker. Her wonder jugs hypnotize him and turn him into a wild beast. He wraps his hands around the hottie’s small waist, fucking her brains out. His balls are slapping hard against her ass. He pauses the pummeling for a second, just to taste the slutty sister’s lips. Their tongues intertwine passionately, and they both feel the urge to continue the nasty endeavor. The sex goddess lies on her sexy tummy next, shaking her perfect ass in front of the guy’s eyes. He enters her from behind, invading her snatch. The young stallion pounds her sweet pussy doggy style, watching her meaty buttocks shake in the sexy rhythm. He is determined not to stop until the slutty chick cums. In a couple of minutes, he feels pussy walls tightening and pulsating around his pecker. He has pleasured his stepsister’s kinky twat, and now he desperately needs to empty his balls. He pulls out, and the shower of spunk hits her lower back, slowly oozing down to her ass crack. The other sister wants nothing to do with her stepbrother’s flirtations when he suddenly shows up after being gone for years. She’s openly hostile to him. But when he offers her a hard cock, the hot blonde jumps at the chance to ride it, unleashing her inner slut!