Tokyo loves her blonde girlfriend, but sometimes she craves a firm dick down her hole. One day she sneaked into the bathroom as their male roomie was taking a shower. The brunette was desperate for a cock ride and she wanted to join the guy in the shower. She barely avoided being caught by her girlfriend when she tried to give him a quick blowjob in the bathroom. She wanted to suck the cum out of a real cock. The lesbian felt the need of a real cock in her pussy. But her girlfriend Kendall entered and dragged her to the bedroom. The blondie was so wet and she craved a rough pussy session. Tokyo licked the lustful babe while the naughty roommate quietly walked into the room, hungry for some action as well. When the curvy babe was busy licking her girlfriend’s cunt, the horny dude was licking her own pussy from behind. As his tongue teased her asshole, his fingers rubbed her pussy. Kendall wanted to scissor and the dude had to hind. Two hot lesbians were grinding their cunts together, clits were rubbing against each other. The girls were in such a state of ecstasy. After the blonde was pleased, she fell asleep and the cheating hoe could finally enjoy the cock. The hunk stood behind her and shoved his tool down her drenched cunt. She really had missed the feeling of a hot throbbing cock balls deep in her pussy. The girl was in the doggy as he was hitting her harder while her lesbian girlfriend was sleeping. The brunette was insatiable and she wanted to get on top and ride that firm stick.   As she was jumping up and down, the girl woke up. When Kendall finally did catch them, they convinced her to join in and make it a threesome! The lucky stud was now torn between two hungry sluts that were sharing his thing. The naked girls sucked him together and the blonde lesbian was curious to try this pecker, so she hopped onto the roomie and got on top of his stick. When it entered her tight pussy, it felt so good and it was turning wetter. The boy was going inside it quite fast as the lesbo hoe was getting closer to cumming. She did not want him to stop, so she came with his dick inside her. One after the other, each of the girls rode his cock, cumming all over him. These lesbians were enjoying the feel of that dick that they were continuously slamming down on with growing exigency. Both naked girls lined up and the fuckboy was doing them in turns. The feeling was incredible, moving so swiftly from one pussy to another. After pounding the babes, he pulled his tool out and splashed both lesbians with a heavy flow! They began kissing and licking his sperm from each other. The dude leaned back and enjoyed the show. 