Jenna was freshly married, and even though she loved her husband, the spark she felt for him was fading. All of their responsibilities got in between them, and all she wanted was to have some fun. So before their sexy brunette waitress came around to freshen their drinks, she hid the tip for her, on her stunning ass. Jenna threw the napkin on the floor, and when the sexy waitress got on her knees to pick it up, the hem of Jenna’s dress rose up. The tip was sticking out of her ass cheeks, and the waitress pulled them out and replaced the bill with her fingers. These ladies were horny and ready to risk it all for a mind-blowing orgasm. Jenna led the waitress into one of the free rooms and she pushed her on the bed. Their dresses ended up on the floor, as their bodies intertwined and their fingers found their way to their naughty and soaking wet holes. The naked girls rode each other’s fingers hard and fast. They didn’t have time for romance, because the sexy brunette had to go back to her job, and the hot blonde needed to get back to her husband before he realized she was gone. She rubbed the brunette’s clit with her nipple, the girls used a double ended dildo while scissoring. After a few more thrusts, and lust-filled kisses, the naked girls came together, and they left the room as if nothing happened. But the beautiful blonde Jenna was craving more fun. She knew that this banquet was her opportunity to live out a few more fantasies. She walked back to her table, and just in time to meet the new and busty waitress. Not only did this beauty caught Jenna’s eye, but her husband’s colleague was also checking her out.   They waited for her to get around their table, and when she bent over to put their drinks down, both of them caressed her huge ass and listed her dress. The waitress was soaking wet, and she let both of them dig their fingers deeper inside her holes. The three of them walked away from the table and went back to her room, where Jenna was a few minutes earlier having lesbian sex. These girls locked their lips and got undressed. Her husband’s colleague waited for them on the bed, naked. His big cock was hard and ready to make both of them cum hard. The babes licked his cock together, drenching it in their spit. Jenna was the first one to ride that big joystick. The curvy blonde pushed herself on his boner and gasped when she felt him stretching her out. This sexy wife was aching for an exciting afternoon for weeks now. As he was drilling her pussy, she bent over and used her tongue to play with the naughty waitress’ clit. She licked her new girlfriend and made her cum, even before her beefy lover touched her. Jenna let him move over to their guest, and she let her ride him like a good little slut. Soon, both naked girls were grinding their cunts against his hard cock! Their big tits were bouncing everywhere, they looked amazing! The girls took turns riding his face and his cock. The lucky dude came all over their faces, before getting back to the party. When you’re dragged to a boring party, you have to make the most of it!