I am a judge for the school cheerleader team, picking the hottest chicks with the most flexible bodies. I heard a knock on the door yesterday and was surprised to see a petite blondie in a cheerleader uniform in front of my house. The teenage girl explained that I made a wrong decision by not choosing her for the team, begging me to give her one more chance. I invited her inside, and we started a new audition. She stood there, beautiful and slutty, shaking her pom-poms, showing what she could do. All of a sudden, I had another idea, way kinkier and sexier. I approached the schoolgirl and lifted up her red skirt. Her cute little ass was firm and white panties hid a shaved pussy. My cock was already throbbing inside my pants, and the desire for her body soon became overpowering. To my surprise, she didn’t fight it either but let me explore her curves. I stroked her buttocks and pulled her panties down. Her young pussy was so smooth and sweet smelling. I had to taste the twat, so I lay down and the naked girl quickly sat on my face, grinding her pussy all over my face. I swirled my tongue around the pink clit, worshipping the sexy folds. Her bald pussy was right in my face! The naked blonde grabbed my shaft and put it inside her mouth. Despite her young age, she knew how to handle my cock, drooling all over it and pumping it with her delicate hands. I loved her naughty look and her small tits, and the way she tried to put the whole length of my pecker inside her tiny mouth.   I was more than ready to fuck her brains out. The naked cheerleader sat on my cock reverse cowgirl style. She rubbed her hard clit up and down the length of my cock. Then with one smooth motion, the cutie sink her pussy onto my cock, and I slid inside her. Her flawless back and a superb ass were a hell of a view, and the tightness of her cunt felt amazing. The creamy fluid dribbled down my rod, and I held her hips to help her impale deep and hard. More riding for my rod, but now the young nympho faced me. Young naked girl looked straight into my eyes during the rodeo, telling me how much she loved the feeling. I held her sexy legs, helping her maintain her balance. Soon enough, the hottie turned around and let me drill her bald snatch from behind. She shook her divine ass to meet my stiff rod, and the sweet fluid revealed how horny the slutty teen was. I loved the missionary position, too, because I could see her fit body in all its glory. It was petite but athletic, and her teenage pussy felt out of this world. I reached for the clit and began rubbing it, feeling her body tensing, ready to reach an orgasm. I watched the naked girl tremble in intense pleasure while the nipples on her perky boobs stood up. I couldn’t control myself anymore. I guided her to her knees, and she eagerly began sucking on my shaft again. I treated her pretty face with a shower of my juicy seed, watching it drip down her chin. Should I add her to the team?