This blonde hoe thought she could just bump into my room and use my console to play a game. The girl just went for it, and when I got back home, she wouldn’t give my controller back. So I had to do something to punish this nasty slut that I now called my stepsister. She was a bit younger than me, and I knew straight away that she was a skank. The blondie pretended that she was desperate for a video game, but actually, she just wanted to ride on my fat pecker. So I decided to give this little whore what she needed. Her eyes were hungry and she didn’t blink before she just unzipped my pants and took my tool out. I was a bit horny, but boy, my sis could blow. She went straight for it, grabbed my dick with both her hands and put it in her mouth. I was looking at her as she was squeezing my balls and choking on the thing. And she was good, she licked it slowly first and then got it deep down her throat. It was growing harder and bigger right in her mouth. At that moment, I was so horny, I wanted to pound my stepsister really hard. We stood up and I pushed the bitch against the door. Her panties were down and she flashed her furry twat at me. I started rubbing it against that soft thing, as I was ready to get off inside her soaked panties. I rubbed the head of my cock against her clit, watching her squirm and moan.   Then I came in her panties. I left her after I was done with her. But this slut kept teasing me every time we were alone. I caught her snapping hot photos in the pool the next day, and I wanted to see them. A hoe like this craves a cock all the time, so I had to give it to her. I sat by the pool and the slutty blondie started giving me head right there. My dick was eager to get down that soggy hole. I was going to destroy her little twat. I dragged my stepsister out of the pool and ripped her bikini to get that pussy out. She stuck her ass in the air, exposing her pussy in all its glory. I had her in the doggy, so I went straight for it and shoved my hard cock inside her. Her pussy felt so warm and tight around me I was in heaven. I started pounding her as she was begging for more. My body starts to shudder and I begin to spasm. Finally, I was done and I let a shot of jizz down her snatch. So we made a deal, she would let me fuck her every time I wanted. So when I caught her in my room again, I made sure to punish that slut with a hardcore pounding. My stepsister got her panties down and sat on top of me to fuck me as a whore would. My thick cock was stretching that young pussy and she loved it when it got balls deep. She began to buck against me furiously, grunting with effort as she slammed herself onto my rigid cock. Then I went hard and nailed her as she started cumming right with my pecker inside her. So I made sure to cover her pretty face with a heavy splash.