My stepmom is a bitch, but I love it. She keeps complaining about me leaving a mess around the house, but the more she yells at me, the more attraction I feel. One day, she decided to motivate me to get better. The curvy mommy promised to give me all her attention. While she was under the shower, I cleaned the kitchen up. The sexy mommy was fully naked under the towel, and all of a sudden, she offered to give me a massage, a dick massage! She quickly pulled my dick out of my pants and began licking it. While her long nails caressed my balls, I got my feet up to the table. She went crazy and quit the cock worshipping session. It drove me nuts. I was going to cum in her mouth but my slutty stepmom just left me with blue balls! I had to get into her panties somehow. Later, I entered her room and gave her my record card. The MILF just couldn’t let my good grades go unrewarded. She exposed her large tits to me and let me play with them. I had never seen more tremendous or suckable tits in my life, even online. Lately my curiosity led me to watching MILF porn. My stepmom stood looking at me and smiling. She knew that I wanted her. The brown-haired milf removed her panties, and I embedded my cock inside the pussy from behind. The beautiful naked woman held her juicy buttocks while I rammed her humid snatch. I stared down at my cock moving in and out of her body. I began pumping faster, my hips thrusting harder against her round ass.   It brought a wave of utter pleasure to her, her eyes rolled. I kept pumping and unloaded my balls inside. When the step mommy noticed that she got an unexpected creampie, she threw me out of the bedroom. I didn’t give a fuck. I knew the slut would beg for my dick again. I was right. A couple of days later, we were alone in the dining room. I loved her black, tight dress, and she noticed my boner. The brunette revealed her big melons and put my rod between them. Soon enough, my shaft was wet and stiff. After the titty fucking session, she got on her back and spread her legs wide apart. Her pussy was pulsing with need! Her pussy was clean shaven and her legs shook as a trembling earthquake as I fucked her. I banged the horny milf missionary style. Her twat was so creamy and wet that the fluid made my rod glistening. I was attracted to her full boobs, lightly squeezing them and pinching the nipples. My stepmom got up, and I drilled her lady hole from behind. I could go down her hole all day long, so I kept banging her until I made her scream. I loved watching her booty as she was in the doggy, but then she stood up and lifted her leg. I was behind her, determined to give her a rough one. I hold the buns with my hands, moving them up and down while fucking my slut. I loved the view of her fat ass, so I came inside her twat once again.