It was a rough period as I was working all the time. All I needed was to relax a little, so I went to this Asian chick that my bro recommended. It was the best decision ever. As soon as I got there, the petite babe told me to get naked and lie down. I followed her instructions and a few moments later, she oiled me up. Then I felt something soft sitting on top of me. It was her oily twat that she began rubbing against my back! This pussycat was great, as she started sliding over me, making me so aroused. What I wanted was to push my cock inside her and give her a tough ride. I turned over and there she was, rubbing her soaked little twat against my cock. The young naked girl was massaging my dick with her wet pussy, playfully ground against me, rubbing her clit along the length of my cock. It was going pretty hard now and she kept teasing me. Then the naked girl opened her legs and fingered herself until she let a heavy leak out of that delicious thing. As juice was dripping out her twat, she kept pushing her finger inside it, squirting and making a huge mess. I didn’t even know that there could be so much liquid squirting. She kept going and I wanted her to make me explode as well. The bed was all covered in that sticky juice, and the naked masseuse got down on me and put the whole thing in her mouth. She was hungry, blowing me like she didn’t play for a long time. My cock was growing in her mouth, so I pushed her head and made her gag on the tool. Her little pussy was soaked and she jumped on top of me to fuck me. I was lying there, looking at her titties as she was doing me like a true cowgirl. That pussy was tight but perfect for my thick dick. The naked girl even put more oil that was now dripping all over the place. I grabbed that cute little ass and started pounding her hard. This girl knew exactly what I needed, so she went fully wild. My cock was deep inside that drenched snatch, ready to fill it up. I was ready to go, so I gave her a fast one before I unloaded and toppled that pussy. Jizz was dripping out of it, as the naked girl dipped a finger to taste it. 