It was my best spontaneous fuck ever that day. My neighbors have this slutty daughter that often goes naked in the backyard and throws me some naughty hints. This teen babe would tease me, and sometimes she would even masturbate. Sure, it turns me on like hell, and I want to skip the fence and give this hoe the thing she craves. Until finally, one day, her folks went on holiday and the petite pussycat was all alone. She was a skinny blonde and this time, she was not naked but in a bikini. But she used the opportunity to invite me over. The teen jumped into the pool, topless now. She was teasing me as she would grab her panties and move them aside. There it was – the most delicious young cunt, and it was everything I ever wanted. I know I am dirty, but I adore young chicks. And this slut was looking for it, so I didn’t last long before my cock went mad. She was a pure slut, immediately grabbing my cock as she took me inside the house. The little skank sat on top of me and began sliding over me, with her pussy rubbing against my tool. Her having a bald pussy, no bush whatsoever was even hotter. I loved her bald pussy, her slim petite figure, the freckles, her blue eyes and those perfect, perky mid-size knocker. The young naked girl was turning into stone, and she just kept teasing me. I could feel how wet her twat was, as she was preparing it for a hardcore fuck afterward. But first, she put the stick inside her little mouth. It was made for sucking. She licked the top of it and then sucked me like a whore. I wanted that fat thing deep down her throat, so I pushed it as she was gagging and spitting. This pretty little thing was so filthy. All I wanted was to go deeper and try out that sweet twat. So the naked girl got on her back and opened her legs for me. I was looking at how soaked she was and eager to get fucked hard. And I entered. It was soft and dripping down there, and she wanted me to explore the depths. I started off gently, but this insatiable teen wanted me to go rough. But my cock was ready to go, so I kept penetrating the slut as I filled her twat to the top! Jizz was coming out of her pussy, but I kept going while grabbing her tits. It was soaked, and I pulled myself out to see this heavy creampie I made for her. There was nothing hotter than filling a teen pussy. She was drenched, and I just got back in and started hitting the cute teen girl. I was choking her as I wanted to unleash all the jizz down there. I kept pounding that little devil that afternoon, cumming inside that sweet snatch a few times in a row, while jizz was dripping down her legs. 