We were coming back from the beach, and my beautiful blonde girlfriend wanted to stop and look at some necklaces. One beautiful necklace caught her eye, and when she was about to haggle for the lower price, the street vendor asked if he could see her tits. She turned to me, gave me a smile, and moved her bikini top. She loved to tease me in public, and flashing a stranger was her way of foreplay. The street vendor gave her the necklace for free, and she flashed him her shaved pussy as a reward. This girl has always been naughty, and now she will have to give me my reward for letting her show that vendor all that is mine. I grabbed her hand and led her into a small ally behind the hotel. My cock was hard and throbbing for her. It was in the middle of the day, and even though she was worried about someone catching us, she still got on her knees and started sucking my swollen tip. She couldn’t resist tasting me. Her dirty little mouth swallowed my big cock, and she moved her head faster than ever. We didn’t know how much time we had, so she had to hurry. But I needed more of her. So I helped her up and turned her around. I pulled down her panties and pushed my cock inside of her. She was dripping wet for me. I thrust in her a few times before we heard people coming our way. We got dressed quickly and ran to our room. Neither of us couldn’t wait to get inside and on the bed. She quickly tore her clothes off of her gorgeous body, and she jumped on me. I was already on the bed, naked, waiting for her. My naughty girlfriend resumed sucking my cock, and I reached her clit with my hand. Her pussy was flowing with juices, I couldn’t take it any longer.   I pushed her back on the bed, and let her climb on top of me. She pushed herself on me and made sure my cock was all the way inside of her love tunnel. She loved it when I fucked her deep and hard. She started moving her hips, slowly at first, but then when she picked up her pace, I could feel how close to cumming we both were. She was such a dirty little slut, for me, and I loved playing with all of her holes. She needed more of me, so she got up, and turned her back to me, so I could play with her ass while she rode me. All of her holes were mine, and when she started jumping on my cock, I pushed my finger in her asshole. She gasped but never stopped rocking her hips up and down. When she got comfortable, I pushed two more fingers inside of her and heard her scream. She was begging me to fuck her ass, and as a good boyfriend, I gave her everything she wanted. I felt her squeeze her anus around the base of my cock, and I groaned in pleasure. I fucked both of her holes hard and fast until she was filled with my cum, and our bed was a mess.