Two sisters couldn’t wait for their big stepbrother to come back from college and tell them how it was. The girls were excited to learn everything about the “college life”. But this guy had other things on his mind. His sisters were curious to know how the big girls act, so he decided to show them. The young babes did not have much experience, but they trusted the older bro. So the little brunette got there first and opened her mouth. He wanted to teach her how to suck, so he pushed his dick inside and started face fucking her. The girl loved it and kept blowing him as the other stepsister was folding his clothes. The girls were ready to do anything, just to make sure he taught them how to blow. And this stud had more on his mind. When the kittens switched, he went deep inside his stepsister’s throat. She let him go rough on her and his cock was getting so hard now. He had both girls giving him head together while his tool was going mad. He just wanted to splash those young faces and then fuck them again until he would go dry. One hoe was sucking his balls as the other one was playing with the stick. Soon, his stepsisters were both naked and both were grinding their cute butts against his hard cock. Two sexy naked girls! The lustful one finally sat on his cock. The babe was riding him slowly, as the jealous sister was impatient to get that thing inside her soaked pussy. But there was plenty for both cocksuckers. The little brunette was moaning loudly as he was going in and out of her like lightning. She reached her most intense orgasm and left some of it for her sister. Once this slut got on top of him, she wouldn’t let go. He haven’t had much luck with the ladies on campus and he took this opportunity to use his stepsisters to fulfill all his sexual fantasies! He was going from one pussy to the other. The two naked girls took turns riding his cock, cumming again and again. He pounded both his stepsisters before he left them with a warm surprise. Now they are taught about being the perfect sorority girls! 