Two college sluts love to explore all the dicks they can. There is a hot teacher that they want to seduce, so they applied for private lessons. And the guy is a dirty pervert that can’t resist young pussy when offered. So when two stunning teens knocked on his door, he was more than excited to welcome them. The girls were not shy at all. They went there horny as hell. The skanks started twerking their cute asses as he felt something rising in his pants. Then the ladies sat on his couch, removed the panties and opened their legs to display young twats. The pair invited the mature guy over to take a better view of those delicious things between their legs. They were petting their pink cunts and the filthy teacher approached the little hoes to take a taste of them. He grabbed the first naked girl and got lost between her legs. Her pussy was wet and soft. He shoved his tongue there and couldn’t wait to try it with his dick too. Meanwhile, her friend started kissing the girl as she was waiting for the hunk to go to her. Once he did, the petite babe enjoyed his licking skills, which were making her even more aroused. The old wolf was hungry, so he went for their assholes, licking them and rubbing their clits at the same time. He had so much for the young sluts, they didn’t even know what was coming. He made the naked girls blow him together. The friends got on their knees and took the professor’s tool out. It was a big one, just as they wanted it.   These two girls do everything together, so they treated the guy with a double head. He was looking at them while they were switching, both hungrily eating out his pecker. One would choke on it as her BFF would grab those big balls and squeeze them. She wanted to milk them right away, but the stud had enough of it coming at them later. He enjoyed this double blow, pushing his huge cock deep down the throats of those brunette stunners. He grabbed one babe and pleased her in a standing 69. She was gagging on his fat tool as he was getting lost in her drenched twat. Saliva was dripping from the kitten’s mouth, and her friend wanted to swallow it while waiting for her turn on the big stick. And finally, she sat on top of this pecker and began slamming her pussy down onto him. The brunette was moaning as she was getting a rough ride. The guy had a large stick, so there was plenty for both hoes. She showed the young naked girls just exactly how much stamina his big muscles and his huge cock had in store for them. Again and again his blood pounding cock pounded balls deep into their tight pussies. He was switching from one pussy to the other, making both girls cum. They flew on his cock, moved to frenzy by the ferocity of his ejaculation. 