This is absolutely exceptional, erotic, sensual, teasing and just unbelievable performances by both girls. This scene requires more than slam bam sex. This is without a doubt the best porn Vixen has ever made. The movie begins with Gianna, as the marriage counselor. Her own husband finds evidence of her cheating. Oliver takes Gianna’s advice and practices Sensate Focus. His wife won’t be bothered with him, but he hires Avery, an insatiable blonde babe. The seductive babe in tempting lingerie is eager to help him, so she approaches him and gets her hands onto his stick. Slowly, she puts her lips around it and starts licking the long cock. Then she puts some of it inside her mouth, teasing him just enough. She gives the best head, so erotic and realistic with no main stream porn gagging. The whole thing is in her mouth, growing to its full size. It is ready to penetrate her wet twat. The vixen removes her drenched panties and sat on top of him. The tool is stiff, and she goes straight for it. Oliver grabs her booty as she starts going up and down. She looks so exquisitely desirable and appetising in her black lingerie. Her whole body is a paradise; just can’t stand out any part of it. Sexy blondie is moaning while enjoying the ride, as he takes her bra off to check these pointy nipples. Now he is madly horny, so he pushes the naked girl onto the bed and gets into a rough mode. He has enough of that slow ride. The guy pushes his massive stick down the fuck hole and starts hitting her like a hungry whore. Her moans are loud and he keeps pushing himself while reaching for the deepest point. You can feel her enjoyment and craving for cock. Avery is so fucking beautiful and sexy it isn’t even fair! His balls hit the blonde’s ass while his dick is destroying her pussy. It is drenched, and he stops to give it a gentle lick before smashing it balls deep. Then he gets behind her and pounds her until a heavy flow drips out of that messy cunt. Amazing in all aspects: story, acting, and sheer sexual passion and chemistry between the two actors. 