I had fucked my fiancee’s sister, she had sucked some dude’s black cock to get back at me for cheating, but we were still going to get married. The wedding was running smoothly, and the ceremony just started. I was looking around and all I could see were naked girls. My soon-to-be wife was looking at me puzzled, because I haven’t said a word for a minute, and it was my time to say ‘I do’. The officiant reminded me, and after we said our vows, we walked hand in hand to the reception. My fiancee Riley knows me too well, and when I saw her whispering with her bridesmaids, I knew that she was planning something. But I didn’t let that get to my head. It was my wedding, and I intended on having fun. The end of the night crept upon us, and as everyone started to go home, my stunning wife took my hand and led me to one of the back rooms. She kept quiet and refused to answer any of my questions. Only when we got to the room, did I finally realize what was happening. Her bridesmaids were waiting outside for us, and when she called them in, the wedding party turned into a slutty party! These girls were horny and ready to make me and my cock happy! My wife pushed me on the bed, and all three of them pulled down my pants and started stroking, licking, and sucking my big and throbbing dick. I was in heaven.   Their sweet, juicy and wet lips were making my cock harden and twitch under their touch. Marrying a gorgeous woman like my Riley makes you the luckiest guy on earth. I was ready to fuck all of them all night, but they never let me get up. Instead, I laid there, and let them milk my cock. My fiancee was the first one to ride me. She pushed herself on me, enjoying having my cock slipping in and out of her hot pussy. She smirked at me and started to move her hips harder and faster. But I wasn’t allowed to cum just yet. The sexy naked bride picked up her pace and started playing with her clit. She came all over me, then moved so that her best friends could get a taste of her husband. The sexy and busty blonde, whom I had several wet dreams about lifted her dress up, and spread her pussy lips to let my dick inside of her. She was tighter and wetter than my wife. The bridesmaid has been waiting to get my member inside of her for some time now, I could feel it. She started jumping up and down, and I lifted my hips to meet her thrusts, which made her cum a lot faster than she wanted to. She rode her orgasm and climbed off. I loved watching these naked girls take their turn and cum all over me. The stunning raven-haired bridesmaid tore off her dress and climbed on top of me. She rode me with her dripping wet pussy like a pro, and these girls let me cum when all three of them had their mouths taped to my dick so that all of them could get a taste of my cum.