The report for his latest bust was due, and he headed to the interview office with a smile on his face. This was his most exciting arrest yet. When the whole thing first started, he thought that it would be an easy job, in and out. But he was wrong. She wasn’t so easy to fool, and he had to prove to her that he was trustworthy. He had to play the bad guy if he wanted to get close to the fearless criminal boss. This brunette was famous in the underground world. She was dangerous, and she loved playing dirty. So when he got to their meeting, she was suspicious of him, and she needed to test him out before anything was set in stone. She teased him, even changed in front of him. Seeing her naked and vulnerable in front of him, made his cock stiffen. He wanted her. It was wrong of him, and he would never mention that to his superiors, but she made him so horny, he forgot about arresting her for a few moments. She sat back on her couch and dismissed her bodyguard. Now was his chance, but he would rather play with her assets than throw her in jail. His hand slipped between her legs as he was kissing her. She was dripping wet for him, and slipped his fingers inside of her and waited for her reaction. She pushed him off and got on her knees to suck his big member. She was hungry for him, and her dirty mouth made his cock twitch and harden even more. She was a girl boss, a gang leader, a cock sucker! He picked her up, and threw her on the bed, and instantly pushed his dick inside of her. Within a minute she was cumming all over his cock again and screaming as her body convulsed with pleasures. The sexy babe pulled her legs behind her head, asking him to fuck her asshole! He started to pump his cock in and out of her asshole. The feeling was amazing. Her ass clenched around his shaft and her pussy began to squirt! She was squirting with each deep thrust into her ass. He fucked her hard and fast, and he knew that her pussy made him lose control. Her holes milked his cock, and he came all over her face, before making the arrest.  