Two college girls are in a room. One of them is a nerd, prepping for the upcoming exams, but the other chick is a horny rascal. She can’t focus on studying. All she can think of is a large dick slamming her pussy. The nerdy chick’s boyfriend enters the room and tries to get his girlfriend’s attention. She snaps at him, yelling and clearly stating she is not in the mood for screwing. On the other hand, the naughty girl is up for it. She secretly unbuttons her pajamas and flashes her naked ass to the stud. He sees the exciting view and runs to the bathroom to wank his pecker. The sexy teen follows him, enters the bathroom, and kneels in front of the impressive tool. Slowly at first, the girl licks the swollen manhood, swirling her pink tongue around the tip of it. She treats every inch of the dick with her pouty lips. All of a sudden, the nerdy chick tries to enter the bathroom. When the slutty one tries to prevent her friend from entering, the guy uses the opportunity to embed the shaft inside her bald pussy. Luckily, the nosy teen leaves them alone, and they take the action to a bedroom. Still wearing the cute pajamas, the skinny belle gets railed doggy style. Her face is buried in the sheets to muff the screams, and the stallion pumps her hole without mercy through the opening in her pajamas. He squeezes the tight buttocks and the tiny waist while invading the twat. The guilt of cheating on his girlfriend with her roommate makes the endeavor even naughtier and sweeter.   The petite slut climbs the rod reverse cowgirl style. The hunk is treated with the view of firm buttocks, and he slaps and squeezes them. It makes the slut even hornier, so she bounces up and down the rod to feel it all the way up her greedy cooch. Despite her skinny body, the teen’s boobs are large and heavy. The man takes some time worshipping them too. The shameless belle takes off her butt-flap onesie and and ready for another steamy ride. Naked girl resumes the cock riding but faces the lover now, letting him knead her cupcakes during the hardcore fucking. The young vixen’s mouth is open, and her eyes roll from the intense feeling between her legs. The stallion takes his time, screwing the snatch slowly and passionately. Pussy licking makes the naked girl squirm in pleasure, watching as her roommate’s boyfriend licks her pink clit and moist cunny. In a couple of moments, the teen loses control over her body and cum all over her lover’s tongue. He stands up and fucks her hole harder than before, feeling the pussy walls pulsate around his shaft. He pushes the chick’s legs all the way back, watching her petite body flex for maximum penetration. The young guy is so aroused that he turns into a sex machine, pumping forcefully. He feels an orgasm building up and sprays the jizz inside the slut’s narrow twat.