When he found that his girlfriend had had an affair with some model he  said that he was morally superior to her in the way he turned a blind eye to other girls. His girlfriend decided to run a field test on his idea of himself. And when you have a hot girlfriend and she brings in an even hotter friend for a threesome, you don’t say no. The girls put on sexy lingerie and waited for him to get home. Blonde babe tied him to a chair as her stunning friend seductively approached the guy. Her booty was fabulous and she started giving him a lapdance. The thing in his pants was going stiff and he wanted to touch that beauty, but his hands were tied. The girls were making him mad, and his burning thing made him want to fuck them both. Finally, he got himself loose, pushed his girlfriend’s sexy friend onto her back and began licking her pussy. His girlfriend had no idea watching her boyfriend please another woman would be this sexy. Now both playful pussycats were hungry for his firm pecker. Together, the sexy girls put it out and treated the guy with a double blow. It was a big one, and the insatiable redhead couldn’t wait to go for a test drive. So she sat on the man’s face with his tongue in her drenched twat. Meanwhile, his girlfriend was choking on the massive tool and stroking it. It was all stiff and ready to destroy some pussy. And then there is the fucking; intense, raw, honest and so fucking dirty. And sexy. And I could go on, but you you need to watch this. Boy, was this guy enjoying a steamy threesome with two stunning babes eager to get on top of him! His girlfriend was riding like a wild cowgirl, before she reached a heavy orgasm. Now, it was her friend’s turn to get on top. She sat on the cock, gently riding it as his girlfriend was petting her clit. It was soaked down there and the girl soon started cumming with the dick inside her. She craved another one, so the hunk drilled his babe again, bringing her to another orgasm. That’s too much pussy for any mere mortal to handle! Both girls are perfectly beautiful and seductive. Very good story with the seduction that no man can take. The naked girls face each other, nose to nose, licking that glans until it bursts and bubbles out a stream of seed. The kissing of cum-soaked lips is slow and passionate. 