I got home from school early, and I was thinking that I would go watch some porn, and then start on my chores. But when I walked into my room, I found my crazy hot stepsis, naked on my bed! She had her back turned to me, so she didn’t hear me come in. I took out my phone and started taking pictures of her. She turned her head around and locked her beautiful eyes with mine. I could believe that she was not shy being naked in front of me. She was lying on her back and her legs were spread open. I could feel my face growing red, as I tried my eyes away from her pussy. It was so pretty, smoothly shaven except a triangle of hair on the pussy mound. It made me hard just looking at her squirm on my bed. My stepsister then turned over onto her belly, showing off her gorgeous ass. I got closer to her and massaged her amazing ass with my hands. She let me touch her, and she spread her ass cheeks so I could play with her soaking wet pussy. She moved her pretty little feet over my boner, and I couldn’t take it anymore. I pulled down my shorts and got on the bed. My sis smiled at me and took off her shirt. Her beautiful naked and curvy body was all mine to use. I laid down on the bed, and she climbed on top of me. She didn’t let me inside of her just yet. She loved teasing me. This little blondie knew how to play naughty games, and I let her. She rubbed her dripping wet pussy on my cock. She only made me harder and hornier.   I needed her holes, and as I grew more impatient, the naughty smile on her face grew bigger. When I had enough of her little games, I grabbed her waist with my big hands, and I lifted her up and positioned her hole on my cock. I let go of her, and she pushed herself on me, letting me go deep inside of her. Her wet and tight walls gripped my big dick, and when she started moving her hips I felt my cock twitch inside of her. Her pussy felt so good, and I loved fucking her so much, I wished I could never stop. She was on top of me, moving her sexy hips and milking my cock. But I wanted her mouth to be my last stop. Her tits looked amazing while she was jumping up and down on my shaft. So I pushed my stepsister back on the bed and pounded her tight little pussy before pulling my dick out and moving my body up. She was confused at first, but then she read my mind and opened her mouth. She invited my big dick, and she sucked me like a good little slut. She didn’t stop until her mouth was filled with my cum. While I fucked her mouth, one hand was playing with her tits, and her other hand was rubbing tight circles on her clit. She toyed with her dripping wet pussy while I pounded her naughty mouth. She stuck out her pretty tongue and took every last drop of my cum in her mouth, and swallowed it all. Now I get to fuck my stepsis, whenever I want. A couple days later we had sex in the bathroom and it was amazing!