watching these two naked girls suck cocks and get their pussies rammed will make you cum as hard as you ever had. A nerdy boy had enough of the bully. One day he got beaten up when tried to fight back after the dude called his stepsister a slut. When his stepsister heard about this, she confessed to him, that she is a bit of a slut. The girl was a legit school slut and she would fuck away any problem. With a newfound idea of how he could solve his bullying problem, the teens went to the bully’s home. There he offered his sister to his bully as a peace offering. The guy was looking at her slim body, as she was teasing him, sliding her hands across that cute booty. She was stunning, skinny, with cute little tits and a cute little ass. Meanwhile, the bully’s sister got her eyes on the nerd, ready to hunt him down. She pushed him on the couch and got her hands inside his pants. There she found a big piece of meat that was ready to go out. The brunette grabbed it and got her lips all around it. She started blowing the thing while the blonde babe was taking off her brother’s pants. Everyone in school knew her as the little cocksucker and the guy finally had his chance to try out her blowing skills. The young naked girl put the whole thing down her throat until it was stiff. The nerd had never seen a pussy before, so he wanted to see it closer. He got between the kitten’s legs and pushed his finger inside it. It was soaked in there and he wondered what it would be like to get his dick there. So he shoved it inside that soft twat. The bully followed, so he started nailing the blondie. The two traded stepsisters and found maybe that could come to a peaceful resolution after all. The naked girls were petting each other’s pussies while the naked boys were hitting them balls deep. This teenage foursome got pretty messy after the girls wanted to try both cocks. They switched and got a taste of their brothers’ sticks. The small naked girls got back on top and gave the guys another ride before they jizzed all over their faces. 