Little skinny girl has a new toy, and she doesn’t go anywhere without it. It is a remote-control vibrator and the naughty teen girl brings it to school as well. She has it down her little pussy, and she loves to give herself a quick tease once in a while. The class is boring and this steamy toy makes it much more exciting. But, it seems that somebody stole the remote. The thing is vibrating all the time, and the petite skank can’t hold it together. The toy is making her thighs jiggle as her pussy gets drenched quickly. It is getting pretty messy down there, and before she knows it, she is left alone with the hot teacher. He is looking straight between her legs, watching the slut getting all sweaty. It is then that she realizes that the dirty professor is controlling her sex toy. The pretty thing gets up and jumps straight onto his desk. The schoolgirl spreads her legs and lets him see her young twat closer. It is shaved and quite wet. The mature guy wants to play with her young pussy and he takes the vibrator out to get a taste of this delicious snatch. His tongue is on her clit, giving it a dripping lick. He goes fast, but gently and the girl loves it. She is all drenched now and wants something stiff to give her a shake. So she jumps to the floor and helps the teacher get his pecker out. It is somewhat firm, but the slutty babe wants to make it rock hard and ready to get down her hole. Teen starts kissing it passionately before getting her lips around the tip.   The professor has a fat dick and the girl makes sure to stroke it as she feels it growing in her mouth. It is all good to go inside her. The slim schoolgirl removes all her clothes and bends over the desk, inviting the filthy professor to check her pussy. He stands behind her, grabbing her tiny body as he shoves his massive tool down the tight hole. It is so soft and soggy. His fat cock is just what it needs. It is a narrow hole, but he wants to go as deep as he can. He pushes the tool slowly, trying to reach far. The skinny naked girl groans as he goes deeper. He decides to give her a hard pounding. He no longer goes slow and gentle but starts banging that petite girl heavily, just like she deserves. Professor has dreamed of fucking one of these young bitches for so long, destroy these tight little pussies balls deep with his hard cock. The harder he goes, the louder she screams. He holds her by the hips as he hits her like a sex doll. Babe wants to take the top spot, so she jumps on him to go full rodeo. Such a dirty skank, she howls as she takes a wild ride on this stiff saddle. All she now needs is another round of rough pounding before the guy lets a heavy jizz shot all over her bitchy face. Watch the smallest, the sexiest and the tightest young naked girls getting their pussies fucked by the biggest cocks!