In the morning the busty milf slipped into her bathrobe, covering her bombastic body, her big bubble ass and her big jugs. When she heard a noise coming from her stepson’s soon, she entered and suggested they had a cup of coffee, pretending that she hadn’t noticed him jerking off under the covers. The mommy was feeling horny and she had her shy stepson available. Interrupting the small talk, the guy hoped under the shower. The blonde tried to make a move on the young guy. Sliding her bathrobe off her shoulders and revealing her sweet breasts the stunning naked woman went into the shower. The shy boy was in shock. He had never seen a naked woman, not to mention that it was his own stepmom and she was so fucking hot. The young naked boy just stormed out. Being a cock-craving slut, the experienced snatch followed the man to the living room and began shaking her thick ass in front of him. Pretending to show her new bathing suit, the stepmom flaunted her big jugs and meaty buttocks. She saw a boner inside the teen hunk’s pants and quickly took it out. Her pouty lips were around the tool in no time, savoring its fleshy taste. Beyond horny, the stepson couldn’t resist the charms of his MILFy stepmom. He stood up and let the hottie worship his young cock, shoving it all the way down her deep throat. Now out of the bathing suit, she lay on the bed and spread her legs. The slippery shaft found its way inside and banged her missionary style. The bouncy tits were at his disposal, too, hypnotizing him with the sexy bounce. Beautiful naked blonde got on all fours and enjoyed brute pussy banging doggy style. The jiggly buttocks slammed against the man’s hips faster and faster. She lay on her tummy, feeling the schlong stretch her bald cooch. The experienced sex goddess begged for more and soon felt an orgasm building up. Once satisfied, she got up and took her stepson’s cock inside her mouth. Her jizz-draining lips worked their magic on the tool, and the stream of oozy sperm quickly hit her mouth and gigantic hooters. 