You won’t want to miss this wild anal threesome! Two college chicks, Charlotte and Nicole, share a dorm room. Charlotte is a lovely blonde with a dirty mind, while Nicole is an ebony stunner with a fit body. The girls often confront each other because one of them is a messy tease, and the other one is a neat nerd who likes to keep the room tidy and organized. This afternoon, the blonde rascal feels horny. She removes her cute panties and shoves a butt plug up her aching ass. Desperate for an orgasm, the hottie humps the pillow, rubbing her clit against the soft fabric. The chocolate teen demands that her roommate stops the dirty action and grabs the pillow. The fight makes both college girls hot and wild. The black beauty spanks her friend’s tight ass, kneading the meaty buttocks with her hands. She pulls the butt plug out, but the teens get interrupted. A strict dorm supervisor catches the naughty babes and tells them off for being so mischievous. College dorm roommates stand in front of her, looking ashamed, but the girls are too horny to care. The harsh woman tells them to clean the mess up but leaves the slutty duo alone. Despite being warned, the girls manage to sneak a guy inside the room. He hops inside through a window with a dick already stiff. He lies on the bed and lets the girls play with his hard sausage. Nicole is the first to taste it. She giggles while smooching the dick.   The light-haired sweetheart doesn’t hesitate but pushes the cock deep down her throat. The double blowjob is long and sloppy, and the view of the teens’ firm boobs makes the guy even hornier. The ebony slut lies on the bed, and her roommate licks her pussy. Once it’s nice and moist, the hunk embeds his pecker inside, fucking the bimbo from behind. Charlotte pushes Nicole’s hips to meet the shaft and uses her fingers for clit rubbing. The naked girls get in a 69, and the rod drills the ebony cunt, occasionally letting the blonde taste the sweet juices. The pale-skinned doll licks the young man’s balls, and her friend is busy munching on her shaved cooch. Once again, the nosy woman interrupts the hot action. Once left alone, the blonde hops on the dick, anally impaling on it. While her tight teen ass gets stretched, the black babe rubs her button and licks the hard nipples. The intense combination pushes the blonde over the edge, making her body shiver in a powerful orgasm. The ebony bombshell sits on the guy’s face while the blondie takes a cock for a ride. Anal screwing suits Charlotte, and soon enough, her twat begins squirting love juices. Her eyes roll, and her moans turn into screams. The man begins pumping the black pussy next. The naughty tart dives between the chocolate thighs, slurping on the button. Once both naked girls receive the much-needed orgasms, they turn their attention to the young stallion. They milk his cock with their pouty lips and tongues.