Rich and successful Kenzie can buy her girlfriend everything she wants, but Avery’s not about to play housewife. Kenzie watches the home security camera online as her sexy lesbian writes on the mirror and then begins to masturbate. This excites her and gets her pinching her nipples and rubbing her pussy too. The lure works as the girls are drawn to masturbate simultaneously and climax together. Holy Fucking SHYTE! Really excellent scene! At home after work the fun continues in person. That one sweet, sensual kiss leaves them wanting more, and without words, both girls start roaming each other’s perfect bodies with their delicate hands. Before they know it, their clothes are laying in every corner of the poorly lit room. It doesn’t help that the room they are standing in is painted red, and the couch is almost calling out for them to get naked and naughty. This girlboss wraps her hands around her girlfriend’s waist and pulls her in her arms tighter. She responds by unhooking her bra and pushing her on the sofa. The sexy blondie smiles at her girlfriend, as she spreads her legs open, as far as she can. Avery drops to her knees, and teases her nipples with her fingers, while her tongue is drawing small circles over her clit. Kenzie wraps her hand in beautiful blonde locks and pulls her head into her pussy harder. She has been yearning for this all day, and she can’t stop cumming all over her girlfriend’s face. Her fingers gripping her girlfriend’s hair and pushing her head even closer to her cumming pussy. Her girlfriend uses her free hand to push two of her fingers into her slit, and rub her soaking wet walls. The naughty blondie gasps and melts into the feeling of another orgasm building inside of her. This pussy licking in the beginning is so hot, Avery is so good with her tongue. I love these closeups of her pink cunt and her clit. After a few more thrusts, she is coming down from her orgasm high, and she doesn’t want to waste any time. Kenzie gets on Avery’s and starts riding her face, rubbing her wet pussy on her face, squeezing her big tits with her both hands and pinching her nipples.   There is nothing better than a face riding lesbian scene with two naked girls. Kenzie is grabbing Avery by the hair and grinding her pussy into her mouth, filling her mouth with her juices. She gets up from the couch, and helps her girlfriend sit and relax. Her eager fingers trace over her silky skin until she finally reaches her swollen clit, and when she starts rubbing her bean slowly, she catches the blonde bombshell rolling her eyes in pleasure, and moaning loudly. Her whole body tenses up when she moves her fingers from her clit, to her opening, and slides them inside of her with force. The tips of her fingers rub her g-spot, and soon she is cumming all over her fingers. More amazing pussy and clit close up shots here. The closeup pussy licking with the pearls is so hot! But that isn’t enough for her girlfriend. She wants to see her messy, and tired from orgasming. So she reaches into her drawer and pulls out a vibrator. She helps her sit up, and as she wraps one hand under her leg to reach her pussy, she uses the other to press the vibrator on her clit. She starts fingering her first, before turning on the toy and letting the vibrations magnify her pleasure. Soon both hot naked lesbians moan. Avery’s long legs are shaking uncontrollably. Her girlfriend holds her frame while pushing her two fingers in and out of her pussy harder and faster every next second. All the sensations from the skilled fingers, and vibrations over her clit, make her cum harder than she ever did, and she feels her juices shooting out of her as she reaches a squirting orgasm. Love how she releases herself and squirts away. What an amazing lesbian orgasm!