Catching my adorable step sister kissing her best friend in a school bathroom was a sizzling view. The young blondies in uniforms licked each other’s pink tongues, moaning with desire. I stood there, spying on them, feeling my pecker rise in my pants. I quickly plucked up the courage to approach the young lesbians. Instead of being ashamed, the girls wanted me to join the endeavor. I guessed they needed my cock. The petite friend hopped on the restroom table and flashed white panties at me. I moved the fabric to the side and slid two fingers inside the moist snatch. My step sister seemed to love the view, biting her pouty lips and looking at me mischievously. I knew I was up for a double blowjob when the schoolgirls hit the floor. There they were, competing at who would perform a better sucking session. Gentle lip stroking held my rod upright and as stiff as a rock. My blue-eyed stepsis wanted a rougher experience, so I grabbed her head and fucked her throat. Once out of underwear, the blonde lay on her back and spread her legs. Pumping slowly made the chick lust after my tool even more, and the other hottie held the root of my penis. I fucked my step sister missionary style, and I loved every crease of her shaved cooch. The mischievous friend caressed the slut’s clit, and squeezed her supple boobs. I lay on the bathroom floor, and the skinny vixen climbed on top of my dick. Button rubbing and impaling made her roll her pretty eyes and dive straight into my stepsister’s snatch. Watching the girls lick each other made me speed up and empty my balls. My pervy sibling kept bringing slutty friends to our apartment, and we both happily engaged in hardcore three-ways, fucking our kinky brains out. It all had started, when the cute and shy penpal, Alyssa came to visit as a boarding school exchange student, and our step-sibling rivalry with my step sister reached a high point. Can I outsmart my slutty step-sister, who’s the queen bee of her sorority, and fuck more girls than she? 