It was supposed to be a quiet night in. The beautiful girls got comfortable on the bed, and put on their favorite horror movie to watch, while they waited for their boyfriends to show up. They knew they will be late, so the girls put on their sluttiest shorts to surprise the guys when they showed up. Behind them, two guys with horror masks got on the bed. They took a moment to soak in the sight of these girls’ juicy booties, before hooking their fingers into the hem of the shorts and pulling them down. The girls stayed silent, and they raised their cute asses a little, to help them pull down their shorts. Both of the masked guys used their index fingers to trace over their soaking wet slits. When they heard them gasp, they pushed their fingers into their cunts, and began pumping in and out. They both spread the girls’ ass cheeks and used their tongues to lick two soaking wet openings and swollen clits. It wasn’t long before their moans muffled the movie. The tanned brunette turned around to watch her boyfriend as he was licking her pussy, but she was greeted with her best friend’s brother’s face! He smiled at her, and she jumped to get away from him. That alerted the petite blonde, and she started yelling when she realized that the guy sucking her clit wasn’t her boyfriend but the brother of her best friend. But the guys managed to convince the girls to let them continue licking them. The girls were already so horny, and they decided to swap their brothers and let them lick them from behind as they were doing a great job eating them out!   Both girls spread their ass cheeks with their hands, raised their naked asses to expose their holes better and their brothers buried their faces between the ass cheeks with their tongues into the vaginas. Then the guys laid on their backs on the bed, their cocks were pointed straight up like two flag poles. The girls just couldn’t resist their stiff cocks. Their naked sisters were both sucking on their cocks. Two naked girls got on all fours, instinctively they both arched their backs, raising their asses in the air and faced each other. They got closer to each other, and slammed their lips together, while the horny hunks pushed their big and stiff cocks inside of them. They tried not to moan so loudly, but the way they were stretching their dripping walls and rubbing their clits at the same time was too much for them. Their brothers pounded their cunts faster, harder, and better than their boyfriends, and as much as they didn’t want to admit it, they were about to make them cum. Their soaking wet and throbbing cunts gripped their members tight and with every new thrust all four of them were close to cumming. The naked girls begged them to make them cum, and spill their juices inside of them. They were aching to feel their cocks twitching and cumming inside of them. The boys quickened their pace, rubbed their clits harder, and filled their pussies with their yummy cum.