Coming home early from juvie took my blonde stepmom by surprise. She loved to see me back finally and wanted to organize a party in my honor. I kept complaining about missing ladies in prison, and I had a huge boner just by looking at my stepmom’s huge knockers! I brought my hand to her breasts and she was embarrassed, sitting there in front of me. Looking at her, I told her I wanted her to jerk me off. Not waiting for her reply, I just pulled out my hard cock and she looked up at me. Her delicate hand took it and she began to stroke it, it was amazing. Feeling uncomfortable, she tried to look away while giving me a handjob, but the size of my tool kept her mesmerized. She refused to take her bra off, but I was too horny to care. Aware that I was about to come, she covered my cock with a towel and ran away, ashamed. After the sexy handjob, I couldn’t stop thinking about my blonde stepmom. I approached her in the kitchen the next day and began complaining about my swollen balls once again. To make me happy, she took her dress off and fleshed her sexy yellow lingerie at me. While she was making a sandwich, I watched her enormous jugs and a firm tushy. I felt my rod growing inside my pants, and I knew she needed to be fucked hard. It didn’t take long before she was on her knees, gorging on my pecker while kneeling on the kitchen floor. Looking at me with her dazzling eyes, she made slurping sounds while blowing my manhood. Her eyes would drift periodically from my cock to my face and back again. She went slow at first, but once I grabbed her head, she shoved it down her throat.   I shoved her mouth onto my cock with my hands and held her there with my cock all the way in her mouth as I felt my cum explode in her mouth. The busty milf didn’t expect a throatpie and soon told me to leave her alone. Worried about my well-being, she came back to my bedroom the next day. Just to make me happy, the curvy stepmom took my shaft in her mouth and sucked it like a pro. I could see she was horny by the way she spat and drooled all over my schlong. This time, my busty stepmom showed me her boobs and put my cock between the wonder jugs. After the titty fucking, I finally felt her pussy around the tip of my dick. The beautiful naked woman was riding my rod, and I stared at her giant bosom. The slutty MILF loved the way I railed her cunt and began moaning loudly. She turned around, and I screwed her from behind, watching her meaty ass slam against my tool. Once she turned around and lay on her back, she begged me to fuck her missionary, and I gave my best to make her happy. Rubbing her clit helped her reach an orgasm. Seeing my step-mom cum hard all over my dong made me pick up the speed and invade her twat with more force. I wanted her to help me reach a much-needed orgasm, so I guided her to her knees. The combination of a handjob and a blowjob made me fill my stepmom’s mouth with my sticky seed. The fluid oozed down her chin all the way down to her amazing knockers.