My girlfriend loved to surprise me with naughty adventures. She was always up for anything, and this beautiful girl would drag me to the park on any given day, and we would hide behind the biggest tree while she would drop to her knees and toy with my throbbing cock. She was sucking my dick, in broad daylight, in the park. It had always been a fantasy to have sex in a public place. But before I could finish, she got up because we were about to get caught. Feeling safe at home with my cock in her hands now, my babe sucked, licked and inch by inch took more and more of my big cock into her hungry mouth. The sex was amazing, she sucked my dick like she was starving and had me on the verge of cumming in a matter of minutes. She grabbed my cock and started jerking me off, making me cum on her tongue. This girl was fantastic, and I knew that she would do something to make it up to me. After a few days since the park adventure, I walked into our living room, where she was playing video games with her beautiful friends. Those girls were tall, blonde, and busty. A cheeky grin appeared on her pretty face, and it only grew bigger when she told me that I had the green light to go, and have naughty fun with her slutty friends. She knew that I was not a “one-woman man”… and it actually made her horny. I got on the couch with her friends and these sexy girls didn’t waste any time. They pulled down my pants swiftly before wrapping their mouths around my shaft. I let the girls toy with my cock, and after a few minutes, both of them got naked and horny. Two naked girls took their turns riding my cock. The sexy tall blonde was the first to slide her pussy down my dick. She moved her hips until she was shaking from her orgasm. Her slutty friend rubbed her clit the whole time, and when they switched places, the other hottie returned the favor. These girls rode me until my cum was all over their tits. Are you ready for this dreamy experience with the world’s best and hottest girlfriend? Then don’t hesitate more! 