Having a new roommate might be challenging, and our friend Jordi was soon faced with a mind-blowing temptation. The new roomie was a gorgeous brunette who shamelessly walked around the house butt naked, acting like it was perfectly normal. While the young guy was busy preparing dinner, she just walked into the kitchen to grab something from the fridge. Once bent over, he could see that the slutty chick had no panties on. Shaved pussy still dripping cum from the previous banging session was too much for Jordi to handle. The leftover cum was leaking down her thigh and he had an instant erection. This was not the end of his troubles. Soon after, the busty babe was up for a yoga session. Feeling too hot, the busty hottie removed her tight top. Pretending to be reading a book, he glimpsed at the vixen’s giant jugs that swayed in the rhythm of sensual flexing. Determined to make her horny roommate go crazy over her, the brazen teen undressed fully. His sexy naked roommate had a gorgeous body…very voluptuous, but toned and firm. She had large, high breasts and a perfect ass. Feeling his pecker rising inside his pants, the young hunk rushed to the bathroom to jerk off. Trying to cool off, he prepared a bubble bath, but the mischievous doll made her move on him again. His slutty roommate entered the bathroom, fully nude, admiring all the cum on her pretty face in the mirror. She was an insatiable hoe and was proudly showing off her spunk-craving body. The dude was now in the bedroom, with his shaft in his hands, trying to empty his swollen balls. The curvy roommate followed him inside. Amazed by the size of his shaft, the naked girl wrapped her lips around it and started an impressive cock-blowing session! Her immense twins bounced up and down while her throat endured brute fucking. Hungry for another dick poking, she climbed the man and took his fuck-stick for a wild ride. Her hands were on her firm booty, and her new lover’s face dived between the wonder jugs.   Her bald pussy devoured the sturdy tool with great enthusiasm. The standing doggy made her pussy even wetter, and the speed of the ramming made her heavy boobs jiggle and slap against the table. The brunette stuck her pierced tongue out, rolling her blue eyes in pleasure. Flexible and slender, the slutty sweetheart stretched her legs wide apart, still getting pounded from behind. Once the busty beauty lay on the bed, the young hunk began slurping on the love juices, sniffing her narrow asshole while licking the naughty cunt. He embedded his long shaft inside the moist hole and fucked it balls deep. Horny as hell, the dude let his fat prick destroy the greedy twat, fucking it without mercy. The well-endowed schlong stretched her pussy and made it pulsate in an intense orgasm in a couple of minutes. Her big tits were bouncing in all directions. Once satisfied and properly screwed, his naked roommate knelt in front of the giant rod and used her mouth to milk it. The skillful blowing ended with a shower of cum hitting the tart’s pretty face. She loved getting facials, especially from giant cocks who brought pleasure to her slutty cunt.