These glamorous girls love to party, and they do it like no one else. They get dolled up and dressed up in their best dresses. But the point of their outing was never to find a boyfriend, because these girls have too much fun with themselves, to even remember to look at anyone. After a lot of partying, all three brunettes got back to their apartment, and instead of winding down, the girls couldn’t take their hands off of each other. What started as innocent pats on their big asses, turned into a steamy lesbian squirting threesome. Their luxury apartment was the highest in the building, so no neighbor could complain about their moans being too loud. The stunning brunettes quickly tore off all of their clothes and started rubbing and fingering each other’s slits. But their fingers weren’t enough, so one of the girls lay down, while the other two positioned their slits. One was sitting on her face, and the other crossed her pussy with hers. One of the naked girls was riding her face, hump it like she was fucking it, when the other was lapping her pussy with her tongue. Then both lesbians began licking her asshole and pussy together. Between the two girls working her both holes over with their tongues, she had an orgasm. But this was not ordinary orgasm. She had a massive squirting orgasm that had drenched her girlfriends both. These girls know how to party, and after a lot of licking, tongue flickering, and scissoring they figured it was time to add some spice to their adventure. The busty hottie reached for her big vibrator, and she used it on all of their clits and slits until all of them were squirting together. The big vibrator moved from hand to hand, and from cunt to cunt. While two naked girls were fingering each other’s pussies, the third lesbian would use the intense vibrator to make her pussy cum, squirting high into the air. These beautiful girls changed their position every other minute, and after a while, they couldn’t stop cumming and squirting. Their cum juices drenched the sofa they were playing on, and their threesome brought them pleasures like they never felt before. 