My new stepsis is a real cutie. The girl has long brown hair and her booty gets me every time. And not just that, she loves to wander around wearing short skirts that barely cover her ass. One day, she was out and I got into her room and find a nice pair of panties to sniff while I jerk it off. There they were – pink panties that were just perfect. I got lost sniffing around, that I hadn’t noticed that she actually got back and saw me going all pervy with her dirty lingerie. I confessed my sister that I was a virgin and needed her panties so my buddies would leave me be. But she offered me to finger her pussy and see what it was all about. I couldn’t believe her! She wanted me to play with her pussy, and as she thought I was a virgin, it turned her on even more. The sister spread her legs and pulled her white panties to a side. There it was, a perfect, young and soaked twat waiting for me! I placed my hand on it, gently going over her clit. Her thighs were vibrating as I was rubbing her soft snatch. My sis was getting louder and she navigated me through this pussy rub. All I could feel was that it was getting crazy wet there and I just wanted to get my dick in there immediately. Soon she came and I had the smell all over my fingers. My fingers smelling pussy were a proof to my friends that I was not a virgin anymore. THis time my sexy sister decided it was time for my second lesson. She thought I should learn to kiss and hug a girl. After kissing me, she wanted me to go down on her and learn how to eat a pussy. With her legs open, I dipped between them. I was a complete beginner, but I just wanted to make ehr cum.   So there I was, licking that soft pussy, eating out her wet cunt with gusto. Her pussy juices covered my face! Then my sister offered her pussy as a test subject for my sexual awakening. She took her top off and sat on top of me. My naked stepsister put my hard dick between her legs and started shaking her hips all around it. It was so good and she made me feel so aroused. My cock was touching that wet thing and it was one step closer to getting there. I grabbed her tits with both hands, squeezing them and fondling them. Now I felt like I was ready for a real thing! But my sister was sure that I would not last more than three minutes inside a tight pussy. She decided to complicate the task by sucking my dick first. The slut alternated sucking my cock with licking my balls. I had a hard time not to cum in her mouth, but managed anyway. She finally got up on all fours and stuck her naked ass in the air! Oh, God, what a view. Her ass cheeks were so full and round, I was looking down at her asshole and her pussy. I got behind her, grabbed her by the hips, and pulled myself inside. It was an amazing feeling and I started hitting it right there on the sofa, as she started groaning. My slutty stepsister loved to be pounded from behind and I was going deeper inside her fuckhole. She wanted to get on top too, so we switched. The sexy naked girl kept jumping on it until there was a heavy flow dripping from her drenched cooch.