Try to count all the squirting orgasms in this video! This slutty little prankster loves to give her roommate a hard time. Using a squirting toy, she lured the unsuspecting hottie into a bathroom and laughed at her once her whole face got covered with the fluid. Making fun of her roommate, the vicious stunner told her boyfriend everything about the prank. The girl wanted revenge and show her just how strong her pussy can squirt. While still on a couch, the revengeful blondie made her pussy squirt, and the sweet fluid spurted all over her devilish roommate! The girls got into a catfight, but instead of pulling each other’s hair, they wanted to squirt all over each other! The lesbian duo went to a bedroom and lay on a large bed. The wicked doll dived between her lover’s thighs headfirst. Spitting and drooling all over the shaved cunny, she could feel her pussy going dripping wet too, begging for attention. She began rubbing her pussy and squirting all over her roommate’s pussy. She began to squirt in return! The girls just kept squirting all over each other’s pussy in a scissoring position. Then one of them sat on the other’s face, arching her back, grinding her pussy into her face, spreading her labia over her lover’s open mouth! The naughty tongue swirled around her clit, making her squirt once again. She just had a strong squirting orgasm right into the other girl’s open mouth. Her twat kept squirting, and the sex kittens were crazy after the sweet tastes.   The naked girls welcomed each stream of clear liquid on their tongues. The lesbian fuck-a-thon was messy and wet since both lesbians gushed fluid out of their vaginas every time they reached an orgasm. Still on her new lover’s face, the young tart’s eyes began rolling with pleasure. Now bent and on the floor, a crazy amount of juices hit her lesbian friend’s face, and they both got soaked very soon. Passionate scissoring and rubbing brought waves of intense pleasure to both blondies, but they kept licking each other’s buttons, cumming multiple times in a row. After the girls got away with a wild girl on girl squirtathon, the boyfriend knocked on the door. His girlfriend quickly hid her lover under the covers and the girls pulled the ol’ pussy switcharoo on him and tempted him with his own girlfriend’s pussy. When the dude went for the bait, his girlfriend decided to teach him a squirty lesson! She just made him sit there and watch them having one squirting orgasm after another. Two naked girls got back into their intense lesbian double dildo fuckathon. The blonde’s boyfriend was treated with the view of his beloved girlfriend sharing a double-sided dildo with her sizzling lover. The lezzies grabbed a Hitachi to add even more spice to the already steamy action. The dude was left sitting bedside to get splashed in the face more than a day at the waterpark! Download and watch more crazy lesbian videos with the hottest naked girls!