Two college chicks are in the bedroom, sharing secrets. The vicious blonde shows her new tattoos to her bestie. She is particularly proud of the one underneath her firm boobs and a couple of intricate ones on her sexy back. The girls are coming up with a plan to sneak away and go to a party, but the bossy mommy tells them to go to sleep. The inked chick is horny as hell and begins rubbing her button while her bestie is asleep. Careful not to wake her up, she spreads her legs and treats herself with an intense orgasm. Still aroused, she steps out of the bedroom and hears a strange noise from her friend’s mom’s bedroom. The young blonde catches the tanned milf masturbating and decides to give her a hand. Her fingers soon find the mummy’s pearl. Lusting after sweet juices, the teen sticks her tongue inside the experienced snatch and makes it all wet and slippery. She had a few lesbian encounters while she was in college. Her husband never knew this side of her. She has kept her feelings secret and now this sexy teen girl is licking her pussy, it is amazing! She can stand it no longer, she begins humping her hips into the teen’s face, grinding her vaginal opening across her mouth, cumming all over her face. The beautiful naked woman releases her big boobs from the nightie and squeezes her nipples during the pussy licking session. Her tongue flicks over her lips involuntarily as she recalls the taste of a young pussy, the sweet taste of another woman’s pussy! She begins by slapping and nibbling on the teen’s firm boobies and her pussy. The tanned mommy is now fully naked and busy rubbing a young slut’s twat. A sizzling 69 awakes the inner beasts of both lesbians, and the naked girls eat each other’s cunts like hungry cats. Facesitting pushes the light-haired teen over the edge, and she cums all over the milf’s pretty face. The aroused lesbians begin scissoring but soon decide to include a toy in their kinky session. With a Hitachi between their orgasmic cunts, two hot lesbians lose control and cum multiple times in a row. The magic wand makes them lift their hips up and tremble in unison, as their moist pussies soon go dripping wet. 