She loved her life, and she loved to be taken care of in every sense of that word. The beautiful, redhead Jia liked having her options opened, and even though she was traveling with her wealthy boyfriend, she never let that stop her if she found herself in the company of a horny stud. She was insatiable, and whenever she had the opportunity to fuck with someone new, she was all for it. For her sex with a stranger is the best sex. She is very open-minded about sex. But lately, her boyfriend had been getting on her nerves, so she left him and hopped on a plane to Paris. Ah, Paris, the city of love! She never planned on staying too long in one place, but Paris was a good place to stick around. She got out of her apartment, and she walked to the cafe, where her next great fuck was waiting for her. He made her laugh, and blush, and he was a shameless flirt. When he suggested they go to her place, she agreed. It didn’t take him long to take off all of her clothes and get her soaking wet. The sexy naked girl climbed in his lap, and she pushed herself on his dick. Her tight and wet pussy gripped around his shaft, and as she moved her hips, she could feel her orgasm approaching. She pushed him on the bed, and then she got on her toes and she jumped hard and fast on his cock making him cum inside of her. Paris, so romantic, and Jia’s red hair, lily white skin, compact body and little pussy to be stretched by that huge cock. When they were done, he asked her for a favor. One that at first offended her, but when she had a moment to think about it, spending time with her newest fling could be fun.   So she met up with his girlfriend, and after all the shopping and lunching, the three of them got back to his apartment with a beautiful view on the Eiffel Tower. He laid on his bed, naked and with his huge cock hard and aching for these sexy girls to start playing with him. Jia and her new friend got on the bed, and as Jia was showing the newbie brunette how to suck his fat cock, she felt her juices dripping out of her. Her pussy was aching to get pounded, and after drenching his cock in their spit, the sexy redhead impaled herself onto it. His hands cupped her sexy ass as she slammed herself onto him. Her curves are completely incredible. The sexy redhead babe immediately started cumming on his cock and her legs began to shake. She moaned as she threw her head back, cumming, cumming onto his cock. At the same time the other babe was riding his face, grinding her pussy all over his face almost choking him. He grabbed the petite brunette and placed her over his lap, so she could ride him too. While he drilled her pussy, Jia rubbed her clit and made sure that she came hard and fast too. So good watching a model that flawless taking dick! When it was Jia’s turn again, he banged her from behind, and he drilled her cunt just like she liked. He banged both babes and all of their holes. He laughed and plowed his fat cock deeper and harder, making the naked girls cumming on his cock again and again. He had two sexy girls milking his cock, and eager to take a big load of his spunk to their pretty faces. They both kneeled in front of him and waited to get a taste of his yummy jizz. The next stop of Jia’s erotic odyssey finds her in The French Alps. A scene with a great story-line and two girls as gorgeous as they get.