College is stressful for the nerdy girl with no friends. The slim kitten was constantly horny and wanted to meet some boys. She had no other choice but to knock on the cool guy’s door and try her luck. The petite brunette offered to do all his homework if he invited her to the biggest party. But the boy had other plans for the nerd. He took her to the bedroom, offering to give her a creampie instead. She had no idea what it was, but she quickly got the idea after he took her shirt off. And she was thrilled to finally have a hot guy between her legs. The girl had never had a creampie before, so she wanted this guy to give her one. He pulled her panties down and got his tongue down there. Babe had a cute booty and he loved to grab it. Her young pussy was soaked and shaved, so he couldn’t wait to smash it. The naked girl spread her legs wide and he got between them. The couple was so horny, so the girl rushed down to her knees to give his stick a good blow. She got her sensual lips all around his cock and started sucking it. He face fucked her gently before she started drooling and stroking his dick with her hand. It was growing right there in her mouth. Her young pussy was getting wetter, so the pair jumped on the bed, going all wild in a sloppy 69. The nerd was moaning as the boy knew how to please her fuck hole. What she wanted was him to fuck her until he destroyed her little cunt. So she got on her back and opened her legs, inviting him to get his thing inside her.   He grabbed her leg and started hitting her fast. The slim girl was loud and he started banging her even harder, just as she wanted him. He gave one last long thrust driving his cock deep into her cunt. He held it there as he unloaded his balls and flooded her with his seed. Jizz was falling out of her drenched twat and she pushed her finger inside it to feel it. The hoe wanted more and she was not stopping anytime soon. Naked girl got in the doggy and the stud started pounding her passionately. Cum kept oozing from her vagina and running down onto his balls. The boy slapped her cute ass while doing her like a whore. The whole campus could now hear her moaning as she craved more of his firm stick. He was pulling her hair as he was hitting her so deep, preparing her for another cumshot. He put her on top and came inside her, letting all the jizz drip out of her pink snatch. It was all wet and slippery and she wanted one more round. Just after giving her this filling, he shoved his cock once again. He went rough from the start, smashing that lustful hoe balls deep. It didn’t take him long to unload again, but he kept penetrating as his jizz was splashing the sheets and the girl screamed after this explosion!