The petite best friends tried on the new clothes, getting ready to go out. As the girls stood there admiring each other in their lingerie, they couldn’t take their hands off of each other. Both of them were mesmerized by each other’s assets. The brunette hottie reached with her hands for the blondie’s tits. She used her thumbs to toy with her hard nipples, and the naughty blonde reached behind her friend and grabbed her ass. Soon, these young girls were completely naked and on the bed, climbing on top of each other to lick each other’s pussies. Both of them started licking the clit first and sucking it with their lips. Their piercing moans spread through the house, and the girls grabbed the attention of their brothers. They sneaked up to their door and opened it slightly. They had never seen two naked girls licking and fingering their pussies. They took out their phones and recorded their lesbian sisters. Seeing that they will soon finish, the boys got out of the room, and back to the living room, waiting for the girls to get down. When the girls got ready to go out, and they stepped into the living room, their brothers showed them the video of the two of them cumming hard for one another. So instead of them leaking the video, the girls promised to help them with their boners. Their sisters had to get on their knees and take care of their dicks. The girls started moving their hands up and down, and then they wrapped their lips around their tips. The guys stood there, watching these two naughty and petite girls give them blowjobs. It wasn’t long before both girls were wet and horny too, side-by-side on their knees with their firm asses jutting up to invite them inside. The girls whimpered and moaned as the boys rammed their young hard cocks into their slick, hot pussies over and over again. Then the naked girls climbed on top of them. They moved their hips faster and faster, and the boys helped them reach their orgasms by rubbing their swollen clits. The brunette hottie felt her pussy tighten and she felt her juices shoot out of her. She squirted all over her best friend’s brother. He picked up his pace, and helped her cum, while spilling his spunk inside of her. The blondie watched as her friend was cumming over and over again. So she moved her hips faster and instructed her friend’s brother to rub her clit harder. She soon squirted all over the couch, just like her friend. 