When I set up a date with my girlfriend, and we agreed to meet up at a local cafe, I didn’t think I would be this horny watching her sit in front of me, in her short skirt. This beautiful and sexy blonde hottie had my cock hard from the second she showed up. I decided to roll the dice today and see just how much she was willing to do for me. So I leaned over to her, as close as I could and I whispered in her ear, in a low and husky voice, to flash me her tits. She chuckled, but she nodded yes. Her delicate hand grabbed the top of her shirt and bra, and she pulled it all down swiftly and she flashed me her tits in broad daylight and in public. That only made me hornier, and I was ready to go and bang her at home, but she wanted to play more. She parted her legs, and she showed me the sexy lace panties she had on. She moved the fabric to the side, and I immediately dragged her back to my place. I pushed her down on the bed and helped her out of her clothes. She grabbed my pants and freed my hard cock. Her lips were eager to please me. My naughty girlfriend kissed my cock tenderly before opening her mouth wide and diving down on to me, sucking my cock. I felt her tongue begin to rim my enflamed dick and I swept her blonde hair back out of her face so that I could watch my cock disappear into her sweet mouth. She wrapped her mouth around my dick, and she sucked me while I had my hands on her juicy ass. My girlfriend was moaning around my cock as she desperately tried to give me pleasure.   It wasn’t long before I flipped her over and made her stand on all fours. The strap of her thong between her ass cheeks hid the view of her pussy and her asshole beneath. I moved her thong to one side exposing her completely shaven pussy, not a hair in sight, beautifully smooth must have been done in the morning I thought. I pushed my hard cock inside of her with force, and she moaned and begged me to go harder. My baby held onto the sheets, and she bit her lips trying to contain her moans. But my thrusts were too much for her, and she screamed with pleasure. I pounded her tight pussy roughly until she couldn’t stop cumming for me. The best thing is that I caught it all on camera. Then I rolled over on my back and she lowered her pussy onto my cock. I got the full view of her beautiful ass bouncing and jiggling as she rode me. I had a splendid view of her loverly pussy as she rode me cowgirl style. When I was going to cum, she continued mouth-fucking me. Her lips slid up and down my shaft and her hands worked me like a pro. Ropes of jism splattered her mouth and her cute face, into her hair. Her eyes were wide, looking up at me, adoring, afire. My girlfriend was getting off from the feeling of my hot sperm on her face.