My two stepdaughters were different in so many ways. One was brunette, the other was blonde. My tall and brunette stepdaughter was always more focused on school than anything else, while the bombshell blondie was always focused on her looks. That’s why she and I had a special relationship, the one that her sister didn’t know about. Her busty, blonde sister was there for me to take care of my boners, and I always rewarded her for it. One day, the smart stepdaughter came home all happy, because she brought her report card with her, and she wanted to tell me all about it and see how proud I was. But her sluttiness sister got out of her room, and all my attention went to her. I watched her walk over to the fridge, and seeing her tight booty in slutty shorts, made my dick stiffen. I waited until her sister went to do her homework. The little slut sat down on the couch next to me, and after she asked for money to buy new clothes, we made a deal. She smiled at me and took off my pants. My hard dick greeted her, and she immediately wrapped her naughty lips around my cock. While the blonde hottie was busy stuffing my balls in her mouth, her sister walked out of her room, and when the sight of the two of us surprised her, she rushed back inside. I knew I had to talk to her. My favorite slutty stepdaughter made me cum, and she drank every last drop. The next day, her nerdy sister waited for me, and she wanted to talk. She was hurt that I didn’t see her as sexy, as I did her sister. But that was about to change, because she dragged me into the bathroom, took off my shorts, and swallowed my cock like a good little slut! Her naughty mouth gripped my big dick, and she sucked me hard and roughly until she made me cum in her mouth. I thought that I handled the situation, but I caught my favorite girls fighting about clothes the next day. So instead, I dropped my shorts and instructed them both to suck my dick. These two sluts couldn’t wait any longer, so I pushed them on the bed, and the girls patiently waited their turn to feel my cock stretch out their teen cunts. These beautiful, naughty, and horny hotties let me fuck them all afternoon, in any position I wanted. Having sex with two young girls was mind-blowing! My cock was going back and forth from one warm, willing pussy to the other! The naked girls took turns riding me. I love it when my two beautiful girls get along for their daddy. 