Every couple of weeks, the two couples decide to have dinner together, and most of the time, those dinners end up being dull. This time around, the stunning and petite Asian hottie decided to spice up the evening for herself. From the moment they sat down, and opened a nice bottle of wine, their husbands couldn’t stop talking about sports, and the more games they covered, the more bored the busty blonde got. No one noticed that at the other end of the table the beautiful hottie had her black, lace panties all the way down to her ankles, and she had her fingers buried into her soaking wet pussy. She has been playing with herself during the entire dinner, and no one noticed until she finally reached her orgasm and squirted all over the place! But since the blonde beauty was the only one that wore a skirt, she was the only one that felt the juices on her legs. She looked over at her, and she was mesmerized by the naughty sight. So she sneaked under the table, and she helped her horny friend cum again and again. The girl just couldn’t stop squirting! She had one squirting orgasm after another! The blonde took off her panties too, and while the girls were playing under the table, rubbing their wet pussies, their husbands were too busy watching the game on their phones. Both of them were too busy to notice that both of their wifes were far too horny and far too gone. The girls took the opportunity to sneak to the sofa and get more comfortable.   When they got to the couch, the girls didn’t waste their time, and they took off each other’s clothes quickly and quietly. But when they started toying with each other’s pussies, it was too hard to keep quiet. The busty blonde bombshell loved fingering this stunning Asian hottie’s pussy and making her squirt and drench the sofa in her juices. I have lost count of squirting orgasms she had! Her pussy exploded in her friend’s mouth; splashing and squirting her face. When their fingers weren’t enough, the naked girls laid down on the couch and got into the position for 69. The lesbians flickered their tongues over each other’s clits, making their pussies squirt hard. But they weren’t quiet enough, and their hasbands wondered where their beautiful girls went. So when they heard them talking, they hid on the couch and tried to not make a sound, until they left the room. When the guys walked out of the living room, the girls resumed their naughty activities. But this time, they went a step further, and they sat up on the couch, linked their wet cunts, and they moved their hips quickly until they felt their orgasms building again. Their swollen clits rubbed together, and the more the girls pressed against each other, the closer they got to cumming. Pussy eating, tongue fucking, face riding, scissoring, fingering, one endless squirting orgasm… these crazy lesbians were hollering and trembling and cumming and squirting every minute. When these gorgeous and horny girls reached their final orgasm, they both screamed with pleasure!