I was in my room, laying on the bed, with my cock out and hands around my shaft. I was horny all day, and I needed to cum. But over the last few times, when I was stroking my cock, I always spotted my busty blonde stepmom hiding in front of my room and watching me. She thought that I couldn’t see her, but I watched her slip her hand in her shorts and play with her pussy over and over again. Today, I wanted to confront her, so I got up from my bed, and I quietly walked to her. She had her huge tits out, and her hand was buried between her legs. She didn’t notice I was there, until I raised my voice, and asked what she was doing. She opened her eyes, and she rushed to fix her clothes, but it was too late. I have already seen everything. We walked back into my room, and she was already begging me not to tell my dad what she was up to. But I was still horny, and she could feel it. So she changed her story and started telling me how I was better than him, and that I was bigger than him. She whispered that she wanted to look at my cock. Her hand began stroking up and down my cock. I thought my hot stepmom would suck me but she said she would let me fuck her thigh gap! The sexiest MILF I have ever seen would lay on top of me, naked, and since I couldn’t fuck her, she suggested I used her thick thighs to milk my cock. I nodded, and in a second she was naked, and all over me. I laid back on the bed, and my naked stepmom climbed on top of me. Her thighs wrapped around my shaft, and I moved my hips to pound her. Her amazing tits were in my face, and as I moved my hips, I toyed with her nipples with my mouth.   My stepmom made me cum quickly, and when she stood up, she reminded me to keep this between us. The next day, when I went to the kitchen to grab a drink, she was sitting by the counter, screaming on her phone. When she finished her call, I walked over and asked her who she was talking with, but when she told me that it was my dad, who had gotten arrested for having public sex. My stepmom was angry, and she wanted to get back at him, so when she took a better look at me, she had a great idea. She wanted to toy with my cock, and I agreed. She was too hot to say no to. So we got back to my room, and she immediately took off her clothes and got on her knees to pull my pants down. She started sucking me hard and fast, like a pro. But I wanted to feel her pussy wrap around my cock, and I didn’t have the patience for teasing. So I picked her up and placed her on the bed, and she spread her ass cheeks so I could push my big cock inside of her from behind. Her ass was round and juicy without being too fat. I have to tell you that I had never seen a sexier woman in all of my life. She had the most amazing body I have ever seen; more than that, though, she was very good in bed and loved sex. I switched my gaze from her big ass to her big tits. The deliciousness of her thick ass, her bouncing, jiggling ass cheeks slapping together, was overwhelming me! I pounded her tight slit until the MILF couldn’t stop cumming for me. 