With her hair and makeup perfectly done, this beautiful girl gets emotional as she gets her first look at her virginal white wedding dress. But this bride lost her virginity a long time ago! Don’t let her cute looks fool you. This bride might look innocent but I can assure you she is not. All this crazy slut thinks about is cocks, big cocks, hard cocks, to have cock constantly inside her and on her. To taste, lick and swallow loads of cum like a cum slut, get your her mouth and cunt fucked properly. And here is that guy who is lucky enough to marry her! He even doesn’t know that his beautiful bride gets fucked with another guy behind his back every time he doesn’t see. The wedding ceremony has been over, and while the guests settle into the reception venue, the bride and her groom get their wedding pictures taken. She poses with her hubby, and they are excited to fly off to their honeymoon. She can’t want to relax on the beach and suck more new cocks on the first day of their honeymoon. After the wedding night into their honeymoon suite, while her husband is on the beach, his slutty wife takes that chance to fuck another dude. She just needs a new cock that can make her cum hard. She rips open her jeans and starts rubbing small circles on her clit in front of the dude she met just a few minutes ago. She smiles at him, and he gets closer to her and presses his lips against her. She deepens the kiss, and he can’t take it any longer. He kneels in front of her and he rips her jeans even more and licks her whole slit. His tongue traces over her clit all the way to her opening. His tongue makes her scream with pleasure, and she is aching to feel his cock inside of her. But before that, she needs to taste him. So the cheating bride pushes him off and she wraps her mouth around his cock.   The cheating wife swallows his big cock whole, her nose is pressed against his pubic hair. She leans down and nuzzles his balls with her lips, looking up at him, worshipping his balls with her lips and tongue. Once he is pleased with her, he pushes her back on the bed, and drives into her with one hard thrust! Holding her neck with one hand he negins to pound balls deep into her cunt. He lets her climb on top of him. She slides her pussy down his shaft and starts moving her hips fast and hard. Her pussy grips his cock, and when he starts to move his hips to meet her thrusts, she loses it. His cock makes her cum so fast, but yet she still wants him to fuck her more. His dick hits all of her sweet spots, and when he helps her turn around and ride his cock reverse cowgirl style, he makes sure to rub her clit. All of those sensations makes her whole body shake, and she keeps cumming for him, while he pounds her in every position imaginable. She begins screaming with pleasure, telling how much she likes feeling his balls slapping against her clit. Her husband doesn’t know what a slut his wife is. While he carries croissants for her to their honeymoon suite, his cheating wife begs some dude to fill her pussy up. He lets his load shoot inside of her until his jizz is dripping out of her pussy. 