I was in my room, chilling on my bed when my beautiful stepsister walked into my room. She needed a favor, as she always does. This girl was about to start a new business, for skincare, and she needed some help. But she needed a lot of money to start, and I wasn’t so sure that giving it to her was such a bad idea. She sat next to me on the bed, and she tried flashing her puppy eyes at me, but that stopped working a long time ago. But she had an argument that I couldn’t ignore. In exchange for the cash, she would suck my dick. I couldn’t resist her, and I agreed. So she pulled down my pants, and she kneeled in front of me. She took my big cock in her hands, and she wrapped her mouth around my swollen tip. Her mouth felt amazing. My stepsister swirled her tongue all over the head of my cock and then ran her tongue up and down my shaft. I didn’t think she was still a virgin, but I had no idea she was such a slut! She swallowed my big dick all the way, and she made sure I hit the back of her throat every time she moved her head. This slutty blondie was amazing, and she even drank all of my cum when I came in her mouth. But after that, over the next few days, I couldn’t stop thinking about her. So when I walked into the kitchen and saw her ripping all of her ex’s stuff, I walked over to her to see if she’s okay.   Her ex-boyfriend cheated on her, and she was angry. Her ex was a loser, and she deserved better. All she wanted was to feel better and forget him. But not before she got back at him, and when she looked at me with a naughty look in her eyes, I knew what she was getting at. She took me by the hand and dragged me into her room. My stepsister kneeled in front of me, gave me her phone, and told me to take a picture once she starts sucking my dick. I did as I was told, and before I knew it, she was on the bed, naked and on all fours. So I got closer to her, and I positioned my big cock on her opening. She gasped when she felt me touching her, and when I pushed all of my shaft inside of her, she screamed with pleasure. We were home alone, and she took advantage of that to moan and scream all she wanted. My dick was deep inside of her as I pounded her from behind, and she moved her hips to meet my thrusts. Her ass cheeks were slapping on my thighs. This blondie was crazy horny, and I loved fucking her. She is so sexy! Her pussy was so tight and soaking wet, it gripped on my cock and I almost came inside of her, but I held on and kept drilling her. She pulled away from me and told me to lay down on the bed, so I did. My naked stepsister got on top of me, and she slid her pussy down my cock, and she rode me until all of my cum filled her tight cunt.