It was a quiet day, and this beautiful and busty blondie decided to take a relaxing shower. This beautiful naked woman roamed her body with her soaped-up hands. She played with her huge ass and her massive tits. When she was done showering, the naked MILF walked into her bedroom. Since she had nothing planned for the rest of the day, she decided to relax a little with her vibrator. She finally had a chance to make herself cum. This curvy blonde MILF laid back on her bed, with her legs parted. She started pounding her pussy with her sex toy, and just as she was getting comfortable a baseball broke her window and landed on her floor! She stood up, shocked and confused. In the backyard next to her bedroom window, her neighbor Jimmy was playing ball with his friend, and when they accidentally threw the ball in the wrong direction and broke his neighbor’s window, his friend pressured him to go inside and get the ball back. He didn’t think that anyone was home, so he agreed and sneaked into the house. He tried to be quiet just in case, but when he walked into the house, he came face to face with his annoyed and naked MILF neighbor! This blonde decided that she needed to teach him a lesson, so she pushed him on the bed, and she climbed next to him.   The naked woman stuffed the ball into his mouth, and she took off his pants. Jimmy laid there still and excited to see where she was going with this. She smirked at him, and she wrapped her mouth around his young cock. The MILF started sucking him off, and he let her deepthroat him. The boy had never felt or seen anything like this. Hot cougar momma swallowed his whole cock, and right before he was ready to cum, she pulled away. She helped him take off the rest of his clothes, and she climbed on top of him, with her back turned to him. MILF positioned herself on top of his cock, and she slid down her soaking wet pussy down his shaft! This horny momma moved her hips faster and harder with every stroke, and he reached to slap her big bubble ass while she rode him. Soon, she was tired of the cowgirl position, so she moved, and kneeled in front of him, still having her back to him. She was aching to feel his young dick pound her in doggy style, so she used her hands to rest on, as he pushed his cock inside of her. He moved his much smaller hips, and drilled her tight and dripping wet cunt, as much as she wanted. She ordered him to play with her ass and spank her with every new thrust. Her moans filled her room, and she wasn’t planning on stopping until she came all over his cock. Jimmy was happy to help her reach her orgasm, and the more they changed positions, the closer she was getting to cumming. With one last stroke, Jimmy spilled his cum inside of her, making her cum.