When her stepbrother hid the remote inside his pants she was not afraid to reach in for it! He was shocked when she slipped her hand into his shorts, grabbing not the remote but his dick! He figured she was just trying to get him in trouble and tried to call out to his dad. His dad had been cleaning the kitchen all morning and scolded the both of them to stop goofing around. When he got back to the kitchen, the horny teen girl showed her stepbrother what she wanted to do with him. She pulled down his shorts a little, and she wrapped her mouth around his dick! She started moving her head and taking his dick deeper into her mouth. He let out a quiet moan, and he reached for a big pillow to hide her if the dad was to walk into the living room. His dad started yelling from the kitchen, and the teens quickly got dressed. He asked them to tidy up the house. His sis left him with blue balls and he rushed upstairs to take a shower. You know what I mean. But he forgot to lock the door, and his naughty stepsis let herself in. She took off her shorts and top, and she joined him. The young naked girl decided to help her stepbro to jerk off. He toyed with her clit and he caressed his hard penis. It wasn’t long before he had her pinned up against the wall, as he was pounding her tight teen pussy from behind. He let her out of the shower and helped her get on the sink. The naked girl spread her legs, and as he pushed his cock inside of her, he rubbed small circles on her clit with his thumb. She tried to keep her moans quiet, but his cock was stretching out her tight walls so good. She was close to cumming, but they heard a knock on the door, and his dad was calling out for them. The naked girl opened the door slightly and talked to her stepdad, while her stepbrother had his cock buried deep inside of her pussy. She managed to stir him away, and close the door. The horny teens kept fucking in the bathroom. She rested her head on the door, and supported herself with her hands, while he drilled her tight hole from behind. He spilled his cum inside of her, and she cleaned his dick with her mouth before returning to the living room. 