My stepsister told me that she thinks she is pregnant, by the main problem was that she didn’t know who the father was. She had a few one night stands, and she wasn’t sure if the baby was her boyfriend’s or one of those guys, whose name she didn’t even remember. So after talking for a while, she asked me for a favor, she needed money to go to the doctor, so she could make sure if she was pregnant or not. I wasn’t sure if I should give her the money, and then she suggested that she would make me cum, in exchange for the cash! I debated it for a second, and then I agreed. I couldn’t pass up on the opportunity to play with her huge tits, and from what I have heard from guys around town, she is an excellent fuck. She is a busty, blonde and smoking hot babe! That slut immediately pulled down my shorts and she had my hardening cock in her firm hand. Her mouth wrapped around my cock easily, she sucked gently on the tip, slobbering all over the head of my prick, sucking, sucking, her mouth slid lower. I spread my legs even more, her hand reached my balls. I helped her to get her skirt off, and I could see her big tits hanging down and touching my balls. Her tits were so enormous, smooth and soft. My slutty sister started licking my balls and then put my entire ballsack in her mouth. I couldn’t help it. I exploded in her mouth, and she loved it. I saw her swallow it, and she let out an “Ahhh!” She moaned so loudly, I was thankful that no one was home. Then my naked stepsister sat on me with my cock buried in her to the hilt. Now I could see her shaved pussy wrapped around my cock! I let her ride and ride, and knew she was oragsming like no woman I had even known. My slutty stepsis made me cum faster than any girl I fucked before. Since she was already pregnant I came deep in her pussy this time. After a few days, her pregnancy results came in, and after finding out she wasn’t pregnant, I wanted my money back. But my sis was ready to give me her body instead. So I took off her red lace panties, and I fucked her hard and roughly, until I came on her pussy, spurting my cum on her pussy slit. 