I’m dating the most beautiful girl in school, probably the most beautiful girl in the world. When you first meet Kendall, you look at her face. She is beautiful. But you can’t help but look at her pervect body. Checking off an inventory of the things that made a girl beautiful, intelligence, personality, sense of humor, face, ass, tits, and legs, this blonde had all of her boxes checked. I do believe that I am in love with her. Although we had not had sex yet she touched my cock a few times. Once after classes she allowed me to put my hand in her panties. It was amazing, my fingers slipped between her slick pussy lips and I even inserted one finger in her wet tunnel. Yesterday she asked if would like to come to her house after school. The moment I saw her running downstairs I realized she was in the mood to something more than jerking me off! My sexy, busty blonde girlfriend was sitting on the floor in her room, and touching herself! She was in her tiny pink shorts and a top that barely covered her tits. This stunning girl was horny, and seeing her like that made me weak. She flashed me a slime and continued rubbing her pussy over her shorts. She finally hooked her fingers into the hem of her shorts, and pulled them down, all the way over her feet. She threw them across the room, close to me, then proceeded to take off her top. She loved teasing me and I was looking at her beautiful naked body, her tits were beautiful! Her legs were slightly opened and I could see her pussy! Her pussy was the prettiest I had ever seen. Rubbing her pussy in front of me she told me she wanted to suck my cock! My baby got on her knees, and she traced her finger over her lips while describing to me how bad she wanted my cock in her mouth. I saw her eyes lit up when I quickly out popped my raging hard on. My beautiful naked girlfriend got closer to me and wrapped her hands and mouth around my cock. While she sucked on my tip and traced it with her tongue, her hands were busy stroking my shaft. I kept my mouth shut, letting her work for it.   I opened my eyes seeing the most beautiful face looking at me smiling with my cock in her mouth. The feeling was too good and the sounds of her sloppy blowjob were almost too much. She pulled her mouth off of my cock, drool running down her chin. She moved her head, and I placed my hand on the back of her head, helping her to deepthroat me. She pulled away to catch her breath, and she smiled at me again. I grabbed her by the hips and flipped her over to stand on all her fours. She parted her legs, hoping to feel my cock on her opening, but I wanted to lick her pussy. I got on my knees, behind her, and I brought my lips close to her pussy. I licked her slit with my tongue, starting at her opening, tracing it all the way to her clit. Her pussy is the most perfect beautiful gorgeous pink pussy in existence! Once I had enough of tasting her, I stood up and positioned my cock on her slit. The feeling was incredible! I could feel her pussy clench against my cock. It was very tight there, I got my shaft in to the maximum and pulled it out to rammm it in again. She was aching for my cock, and to feel me stretch her pussy out. I began pushing my dick inside of her, pounding her immediately, never giving her a chance to take a break. She said that she wanted to ride me, and so I laid down on my back. I had a perfect view of her gorgeous pussy and her big tits. Soon I felt her cum, before shooting my own load inside of her. I couldn’t believe I had just fucked and emptied my load into such a beautiful woman, and not just any beautiful woman, but Kendall, the hottest girl in school!