She walked slowly to the front door of her dad’s friend’s house. This petite blondie had a problem, she just realized she was pregnant and she was in dire need of some advice. She was afraid to tell her father about it and hoped he could help her out. They sat on the couch, and she told him the story of her latest hook-up, and how she got pregnant. He was shocked, and as much as he tried to help her, he didn’t know what to tell her. He sent her away pointing out how inappropriate it would have been. But the pregnant girl sneaked back into his house, sneaked into his bedroom and she took off all of her clothes and put on her white stockings. This pig-tailed blondie was naked on the bed, waiting for him to walk in and see her like that! She didn’t have to wait too long. When he saw her laying on the bed, with her legs spread as much as she could, he felt his cock stiffen in his pants. It takes a man with the strength of a saint to resist a young naked girl lying with her legs spread wide, caressing her sweet pussy and asking him to love her! Sexy long pigtails, skinny frame, long slim legs, tiny tits, a smooth pussy and a cute smile! The naked girl got on her knees on the bed, and she got closer to him. Her hand slipped to his pants, and he let her take off his pants and toy with his cock while she whispered in his ear. His cock was rock hard for her, and she bent over and wrapped her dirty little mouth around his shaft.   She moved her head and sucked his dick hard and fast. His wife had never done anything anywhere near this kinky. He couldn’t resist her any longer, he wnated to lick, kiss and eat out that beautiful pussy. It’s been so long since he licked a young sweet pussy. He moved her tongue from her pussy to her ass, tickling her anus with the tip. He pushed his cock into her little pussy, stretching out her walls, and making her moan louder than she ever did. Her sweet sounds of pleasure filled the room, and he pounded her roughly until her legs were shaking, and the pregnant girl pleaded to feel his cum fill her up. The walls of her tight pussy squeezed his dick. He felt her pussy milking all of the cum out of him. His cock was shooting and shooting cum, load after load deep into her vagina. He filled the little slut up with so much cum that it poured out of her pussy. She had been already pregnant anyway. Then he grabbed the cute naked girl by the hips with his hands, and he flipped her over. Her tiny ass was in the air, and he placed the tip of his dick on her opening. She gasped and begged him to cum more into her. He pushed his cock back in her sperm filled pussy. Holding her pigtails with both hands he forced his big cock deep into her pussy, making her petite body rock back and forth. Watching this beautiful young naked girl lewdly ride his cock was just too much. He filled her fertilized pussy with every drop of his ball draining orgasm, slamming her pussy as hard and as deep as possible.