I had finals coming up, and I figured that the best place to study would be the library. When I checked in, I noticed that the whole place was empty. But I still went to the second floor to find a nice and quiet spot to study. After a while, a petite and curly-haired girl walked in, in a short skirt, a sweater, and a huge stack of books. She took a seat next to me, not noticing me at first. But when she placed the books on the table and started to get comfortable, her eyes met my gaze. The girl was startled, not expecting anyone to be by her side. But by the redness on her cheeks, I realized that she was thinking the same thing as me. I forgot all about my books, and I started charming her. The girl was shy at first, but after a while, she started to get more and more comfortable. She was a shy bookworm but she was so beautiful and sexy at the same time! Since we were alone in the whole library, except the librarian, we got to talk about all the naughty topics. I slid my hands between her legs. She shivered. It was warm in there. My hands were caressing her inner thighs. I lifted her shirt up and rubbed her nipples, making her moan a little. Then I pulled her white panties to the side and started running my finger up and down her wet little slit. I asked if any boy had ever touched her there. She shook her head. The shy virgin girl noticed my boner, and I asked her if she wanted to see my cock. I pulled my hard cock out and she said she never seen a real cock before.   The girl got on her knees to take a closer look at my dick. I guided one of her hands to my cock and closed her hand over it. She felt how hard and hot it was. I guided her hands as she jerked me off. But both of us needed something more. I knew she wanted to taste my cock. Her soft mouth touched my cock, the very first cock in her life. The girl wrapped her mouth around my cock, and she started sucking me. She told me that it would be her first time. I felt honored and touched, and I promised to take good care of her. So I helped her lay down on the library couch, and I spread her legs and made her hold on to them. I positioned my cock on her opening, and I pushed it inside of her slowly, so her virgin pussy could adjust to the feeling. But it wasn’t long until she was moaning and begging me to go harder. I obeyed her, and I thrust inside of her faster and harder. I helped her change positions, so she could be on her side. I started rubbing small circles on her clit, and after a few thrusts, she came. But she wasn’t done with me. She asked me to try to take the lead, and I let her. I laid down on the floor, and the naked girl took control by sliding her pussy down my shaft. Her tight pussy wrapped around my big cock, and it only took her a few seconds to get used to the feeling. She rode me on the library floor until my cum was dripping out of her, and the old librarian was yelling at us to go to detention.