After a lot of searching online, the bored couple found other like-minded people that were interested in a daughter swap. So both couples exchanged information, and after a few days, they sent their daughter to live with them. Their arrangement was simple. Both families would swap daughters, so all of them could get to experience tight, and soaking wet teen pussy. The same day that they said goodby to their daughter, the petite brunette showed up at their door. After a lot of hanging out with the family, the couple sat her down and told her about the plan they made with her parents. The mommy explained that he was feeling unnatural urges towards their daughter. Now they could each start a new ‘family’, a perfect family, a family they could fuck. The girl got up from the couch, disgusted. What kind of fucked up plan was that? This whole thing was sick, they were both sick! The girl was shocked to hear all about how her family sold her, but her new parents, two disgusting creeps, convinced her that there was no turning back. She had no choice but to agree to the plan, and she stood up to take off her shorts. Once the girl was naked, she laid down in the dad’s lap, and she let him spank her. As he was spanking her, he slipped his fingers inside of her, making her wet. I like the way the whole scene is built and then getting sexual right after spanking the daughter so beautifully done! She moaned, and the mother pressed her lips against hers. It wasn’t long before both girls were sucking his cock. He was hard and ready to take care of both of his ladies. The old pervert couldn’t wait to try that young tight pussy. Then he fucked his wife, showing off his skills to his new daughter. Soon, he had the young naked girl laying on the couch, while he was ramming her little pussy. The mother was rubbing small circles on her clit, making her pussy squirt. This couple turned her into a slut after one afternoon. His massive cock, and his powerful thrusts stretched out her tight pussy, making her cum all over his dick. But the dad didn’t stop until he shot his load into her narrow hole. Great episode with an interesting story line. Don’t miss the part 2 with their own daughter and the other family. These Daughter Swapping movies are the best I’ve ever seen. 