Her day started out normal, and as she sat in her office listening to another patient of hers, complaining about their love life, she started to think about hers. She had multiple affairs, one night stands, and hook ups. All she ever had with men were sexual relationships, but recently she made a friend, and as much as she tried to help him, she couldn’t, not until she helped herself. So after one of their fights, something had clicked inside of her mind, and she rushed home, to her cruel husband. Her husband was much older than her, and with him, nothing was ever done out of love. When she opened the big front food of their penthouse, she ran upstairs to the maintenance room, where all the security footage was stored. Surely, her husband was there, mad at her when he finally realized what had been going around in his home. His young, beautiful wife was having multiple affairs, fucking with different men, even in a threesome. But what he had not realized is that he wasn’t done with her hook ups. When she had enough of his yelling, his wife pushed him to sit down. She grabbed the duct tape next to her, and she tied him up to his chair. When he was finally quiet, she brought in her lover. As her cuckold husband watched, she got down on her knees and pulled down her lover’s pants and she wrapped her mouth around his massive dick. His beautiful young wife moved her head, making his cock falling in and out of her mouth. She swallowed him whole, drenching his member in her spit. His dick ached to feel the rest of her holes. So she stood up, took her sloths off and she bent over the ottoman.   She faced her dear husband, as her brawny and muscular lover pushed his massive rod inside of her. She moaned loudly, and as he started to pound her tight hole, she made sure to let everyone know how good she felt. Even though he could feel that she was close to cumming, he decided that she needed his permission to do that. He rammed his massive dong into her pussy with a sticky squish as her cuckold husband watched. His balls were slapping against her pussy hard and fast. Her husband watched his wife get pounded and fucked in ways he never could fuck her. She screamed out in pleasure, staring straight into her husband’s eyes. The man laid down on the ottoman instead of her, and he let her climb on top of him and ride him however she wanted. The cheating wife used his throbbing shaft to make herself cum in front of the cuck. Nothing hotter than seeing her pleasured to the max. And the most humiliating thing for him is to watch his wife ask the man to fuck her in the ass! She got on her knees again, and she cleaned his cock of her juices, right in front of her hubby. She sucked his dick until her mouth was overflowing with cum. OMG, this is an amazingly intense scene! It is interesting and from a cinematic perspective very well done. I really like the storyline. I love the part when he came twice. So HOT! The exploration of female sexuality Gianna goes through makes the sex so much more erotic. It’s one of the best cuckolding scenes I’ve seen. Some men have a cuck fetish, but this felt like it was more about a woman’s understanding of what kink and fetish she desires, the cuck was part of her game. Have you ever considered trying cuckolding, swinging or hotwifing? 