It was a bad idea to bring her boyfriend to the sorority house to study. When he went to the bathroom and opened the door, he saw two naked girls showering together! The image of the two ebony hotties lathering each other’s perfect bodies with soap, and massaging each other made his cock stiff. But he still went back to his girlfriend. Sure enough, from the moment the dude walked in on the two black naked girls making out in the shower, they did their best to seduce him. His girlfriend was too busy with books, and she didn’t notice the two girls sneaking behind the couch and making out in front of her boyfriend. The girls pulled down their panties and threw them at him as they put on a sexy show for him! Then the sluts began eating each other’s pussies and even tribbing behind the couch. Their hot lesbian sex wasn’t enough for these two nymphos, so the black girls head down to seduce their sorority sis’s boyfriend. Luckily, they ran away before his girlfriend could see them. He followed one to the kitchen. She opened up the fridge door, she pushed down her shorts, and she bent over, exposing her beautiful Ebony ass. He was shocked, but he quickly took off his pants, and he pushed his dick inside of her.   He pounded her for a few minutes when his girlfriend showed up to check up on him. The fridge door was big enough to cover everything that has been going on there, and she didn’t catch them in the act. When she went away, he got dressed, and he followed the other girl to her bedroom. When he opened up her door, he saw her lying naked on her bed. Quickly he closed the door, and he stepped inside. She spread her legs, and he took off all of his clothes and he got on top of her. His white cock slipped inside the black pussy and she let out a loud moan. He started to move his hips and thrust inside of her. Her lesbian friend walked into the room and seeing them fucking made her want to join in. She quickly took off her clothes and she got on the bed with them. The gorgeous ebony naked girls took turns riding his cock. While they were in the middle of milking his cock, there was a knock at the door. So while the boyfriend and the curly-haired ebony beauty hid behind the bed, the other girl opened up the door to greet his girlfriend naked. She made some funny remarks and scared her away. She returned to the bed, and the naked girls made him lie down while they toyed with his cock while massaging their slits on his shaft. Can you imagine two naked girls rubbing their clits up and down toyr hard cock!? These stunning dark-skinned ladies toyed with his cock until he had no cum left, and they were satisfied. He left his girlfriend’s house happy.