When she first moved in with her new foster parents, she thought that they were perfect. They were always nice to her, and they tried to make her feel as comfortable as they could. Her room was right next to her, and through the wall that they shared, every night she would hear them fucking. At first, she was surprised, but after a few nights, every time they started their routine, she would feel her juices pooling in her panties, and she couldn’t resist touching herself. The sexual attraction to her foster parents had grown inside her as she had been watching her parents making love or hearing them have sex. The girl didn’t care if she was being too loud, she figured that they couldn’t hear her over their own moans. But she was wrong. One night, her foster mom came into her room, after hearing her masturbate. The girls talked and suddenly she kissed her mom’s breast. Her amazing big tits were the icing on the cake of a glorious body with feminine hips, and gorgeous ass, perfect and smooth white skin. The naked girls began kissing each other with a passion. After letting her foster daughter lick her tits the mom realized what their next move should be. The girl should join them. The naked woman dragged her into the master bedroom. Her foster dad was laying on the bed, naked, with his boner, waiting for his girls to come back. The naked girl climbed in the bed with them, and her mom instructed her to start sucking her dad’s cock. She obeyed and wrapped her little mouth around his shaft.   The girl swallowed his cock, and she moved her head as fast as she could. Her mom held onto her hair, and when she was sure that his dick was as hard as it could be, she pulled her head away, and instructed her to climb into his lap and slide her tight and soaking wet pussy down his dick. She did everything her mom told her to do. As she rode his cock, the horny mom positioned her cunt above her husband’s head. He licked her slit, while their foster daughter rode his shaft. He wrapped his hands around her waist, guiding her hips and pushing her deeper on him. Their house filled up with loud moans, and when he made both his girls cum for him, he would make them switch places. While the mom rode him, the blondie played with her huge tits, and she sucked on her nipples. His massive and stiff cock stretched both of their pussies, and he moved his own hips to meet her thrusts. When mom stood up, he followed her lead, and he grabbed his daughter by her waist, placing her in front of him. She bent over, and as he pounded her teen pussy from behind, she buried her face into her mom’s muff. He pushed his big member in and out of her, fast and hard. But she had no time to moan. She flicked her tongue over her mom’s swollen clit, and she slipped her fingers inside of her cunt. She made her cum again, and the naked girls both sucked his cock to make him cum all over their faces. He watched his two girls massage his pecker, and he shot his big load all over their pretty faces, and slutty mouths.