While driving distracted, good-natured family man almost hit her with his car. Luckily, he jumped on his breaks before anything bad could happen. He got out of his car, and he walked over to the stunning blonde, hoping she was okay. But no words came out of her mouth. Wanting to make right on the mishap, he invited the girl to his home. He carefully led her into the house, and when he explained everything to his wife, she agreed to have her stay over. They gave her the guest bedroom, and when the couple was alone in their bedroom, his wife climbed on top of him, and she started to rub her pussy over his boxers. Since she was on top, she couldn’t see the blondie standing behind her, with her hand between her legs, rubbing her clit as she watched them have sex! The husband flipped his wife over and made her turn the wall, so the blonde wouldn’t get caught. Looking at the beautiful stranger he began thrusting balls deep inside his wife, fucking her harder than usual, faster, more passionately. As he spent more time in her presence, his wife started to notice a frightening shift in her mild mannered husband’s behavior. When he went to talk to the blonde, she finally got her tongue untied, and all she was aching for was his massive dick. The sexy girl pulled down his pants, his cock disappeared into her mouth and she started to move her head back and forth fucking his cock with her mouth. He let her suck his cock, and it wasn’t long before both of them needed more. He quickly undressed her, and he placed her on the sofa, with her back facing him. He pushed his hard member inside of her, and she moaned loudly. His wife wasn’t home, and she got to be as loud as she wanted. He pounded her hard and fast, making her body shiver with pleasure. Watching her big boobs bounce was the most exciting, the sexiest, thing he had ever seen. That bubble ass and bouncy tits were amazing. And the truth was, his wife has never, ever been like this! Will the mysterious seductress come between the happy couple, or will love conquer all? 