It was an unusually warm day, so when two beautiful teen girls went out for their normal mid-morning jog, they decided to have a break on a nearby bench just after a few miles. These girls jogged every morning together, and they loved to chat with the neighbors along the way, but ever since the new couple moved into the house next door, the whole mood in their neighborhood was off. The couple seemed nice at first, but when the girls went to greet them, the wife was unreasonably rude to them. Her husband stayed in her shadow, never letting her know if she crossed a line. But when the girls were chatting on the bench and taking their break, they crossed paths with the couple taking a stroll. The wife insulted their outfits by calling them fucking sluts. Her husband took a step back, and his wife went on and on to explain how she doesn’t like these little whores. So when they finally walked away from them, the girls agreed that something should be done about her attitude. So both of them went home, grabbed some rope, and went to knock on the couple’s front door. The girls figured that it was time someone taught her a lesson. When the wife opened the door, they barged in, and they tied her up in the kitchen.   Her husband was in their room, laying down on the bed. One of the girls walked in first, with a plate of snacks, acting like nothing weird is going on. He wondered where his wife was, but when the other girl walked in, and they both kneeled in front of him and took his pants off, his mind went blank. He let these fucking sluts take care of his huge boner. They pulled down his pants together, and while one wrapped her mouth around his shaft, the other took his balls in her mouth. These girls sucked his huge cock and he just laid down and let them do whatever they want. The girls quickly got undressed and climbed on top of him. One of the blondies was the first one to ride him, and she pushed herself on his cock until his whole schlong was inside of her. He wrapped his hands around her waist and guided her hips. While she was riding him, her friend massaged her ass to help her cum. When she started squirting, she got up from his lap, and her friend was more than happy to replace her. She took his huge cock in her hand and positioned his tip on her opening. She teased him a little, before taking his cock inside of her teen twat. It was madness. The man sure knew what to do with his huge cock and went from one young cunt to the other, fucking these sluts hard. Two young naked girls were orgasming constantly. Both of their pussies were squirting all over the place. Both of these girls milked his cock with all of their holes until his jizz was all over their faces.