This Asian family has a very important tradition: the men are always the head of the family. He had to replace his dad as the family’s resident stud, and his task was to pleasure all the women in his family any time they needed him to. During dinner, his cousin felt she needed a cock. She just stood up, approached him and lifted her skirt up, offering the man an unobstructed view of her legs, thighs, and her ass. She had no panties on under the dress and he pushed his cock into her. He began fucking the sexy Asian MILF right the dinner table in front of other family members. The other girls at the table ate their dinner, and let their cousin enjoy the family stud. He made her squirt all over the floor, filled her cunt with his semen and all of them returned to dinner. The youngest girl in the family, his stepsister, finally turned 18, and she was ready to experience the family’s stud. So others gathered in her room, and the girl flipped her nightgown up above her waist, baring her naked ass to him. He stuck his face between her ass cheeks and began licking her little asshole and her virgin pussy. He took his role as the family stud seriously, and he tried his best to deliver pleasure to every Asian hottie in his family. The next day, as all of the girls were playing board games in the living room, he was summoned, and he started pounding them, one by one. The first auntie climbed on top of him, and rode him until she was satisfied. His sexy cousin rode him, bringing herself to a couple of squirting orgasms. His stepmom spread her legs and ordered him to fuck her too. He pounded the youngest cutie, and as he thrusted into her, other naked women played with their slits, waiting for their turn. He made all these Asian girls cum, and then all four of them gathered to milk his huge cock with all of their assets. So the four naked girls kneeled in front of him, and they sucked and jerked him off. all the girls opened their mouths and he spurt after spurt of hot, sticky cum shot in there. He spilled his cum all over them, finally happy to get the job done. Imagine the world in which the women are fully sexually devoted to you. Anytime, anywhere and on anyplace they are always sexually available. You won’t want to miss all these unique scenarios full of hardcore sex and group sex with the hotetst MILFs. 