This group of sorority sisters loved to take their game of truth or dare to another level. So when the petite brunette had to take her turn, she naturally picked dare, and her slutty friends had the perfect idea, she should fuck the next girl she sees. All three of them were hoping that the person delivering their pizza would be a girl, and their prayers were answered. The delivery pizza girl knocked on their door, and the petite brunette jumped to open the door and invite her in. She walked in, and sat on the couch, between the girls. She took out their pizza out of her bag, and while the hotties munched on their food, the brunette to her left tried to get her to stay and play their naughty game with them. She wasn’t sure if staying was the right idea, she had to get back to work, but these girls were persistent and their game sounded more fun than delivering pizzas. Before she could answer, the brunette hottie kissed her, and before she knew what was happening, she was kissing her back. She reached for the hem of her work shirt, and only broke their kiss to take off her shirt. The other two girls started making out too, and all four of them were soon naked. The delivery pizza girl laid back on the couch, and she spread her legs, so that her new horny friend cound kneel in front of her. She buried her head in her muff, and she traced her wet slit with her tongue. The naked girls behind them had their hands buried in each other’s cunts, and both of them were riding each other’s fingers. The delivery girl took off her glasses, and she licked and fingered her new lesbian girlfriend as fast as she could. The brunette was soon cumming on her fingers, and with one last lick she squirted all over the delivery girl’s face. She stood up, and the group changed partners. Since the girls had enough of playing this horny game in twoes, a couple of them sat on the couch, while the other two kneeled in front of them, and they buried their tongues in their soaking wet slits. It wasn’t long before all four naked girls had their bodies intertwined. Their hands roamed each other’s bodies and fingered their slits until all of them were covered in sweat, and each other’s juices. The delivery pizza girl slipped her fingers back in the petite brunette and she thrusted them in and out of her as fast as she could, making her cum one last time, before taking her stuff and continuing her day. You will love the energy, the passion and the chemistry between these four young naked girls! One of the all time top lesbian orgies I’ve seen. 