A new package was delivered, and as soon as the mailman left it on the front porch, and her boyfriend went to get it, she waited until she was sure that he had placed it into the living room. She heard a loud sound coming from the living room, and she assumed it was the package. So she took off all of her clothes, and she headed downstairs fully naked to show her boyfriend a new toy that she bought. Her boyfriend took out the huge vibrating saddle, and when she saw it on the floor, already plugged in, her eyes lit up. He was sitting on the couch, and she took a seat on the saddle, while he had the remote control in his hands. He turned Sybian on, starting it in a slow setting. His beautiful naked girlfriend let out a low moan, and he turned up the speed. Sybian was vibrating at almost full speed, and this petite redhead was squirting all over the place! She first experienced a squirting orgasm, juices were flowing down her legs. Her juices covered the vibrator, the orgasm was so powerful, she was seeing flashing lights before her eyes. He rushed to her, quickly pulling his pants down, and pushed his cock into her open mouth. She was sucking and jerking his cock and having orgasm at the same time. Her boyfriend finally grabbed her by the waist and he placed her on the sofa, on her back. He spread her legs and began slobbering all over her twat. She was in heaven. Then he pushed himself into her.   His massive cock stretched out her walls, and her soaking wet pussy gripped him tighter with every move he made. Sexy naked girl moved her hips to meet his thrusts over and over again. He rocked his hips with ever-increasing speed, slicing his cock in and out of her clasping cunt faster and faster. The lips of her pussy clasped tightly to the broad shaft on each stroke. She came all over his cock, and her pussy walls gripped his cock so tight, she made him cum inside of her. She bucked and moaned beneath him, but he didn’t stop before he filled her with his cum. You can see a trail of sticky white sperm gently oozing out from the bottom of her pussy making a trail downwards towards her asshole. His girlfriend settled her cum filled pussy down around his still enlarged shaft, sliding his cock up inside of her with one downward stroke of her body. She was exuding raw sexual energy. His cum splashed out of her cunt as she rode him. She rocked her gorgeous body back and forth on top of him, driving his prick in and out of her cunt. She screamed out with pleasure, and he picked up his pace and started fucking her with all of his power. Soon he added another load of cum to her already well fucked sperm filled pussy. She screamed with pleasure, while furiously rubbing her clit. This time her orgasm was so fucking intense, she almost passed out! Her body exhausted from repeated fuckings and repeated orgasms.