Her parents are about to leave for a trip, and she could barely keep a straight face from all the excitement she was feeling. She has been planning the perfect sleepover for her best friend, and finally all the pieces are coming together. When she closed the door behind her, she raced all over the house to make sure everything was clean, before taking her phone and calling her best friend. The petite blonde was looking forward to this night, because she has finally decided to tell her best friend her true feelings. When she showed up, their night went on perfectly, with no parents to disturb their peace. When the time came for them to turn in, the blondie asked her friend to sleep in her bed. The girls were laying on the bed, their bodies intertwined, and blondie spoke up. She confessed her feelings, and when she went in for a kiss, she was surprised when her best friend kissed her back. So she grabbed her by the waist and pulled her onto her lap. Their hands started to roam each other’s bodies while taking off their clothes. Love the passion kissing! This is just so sexy and adorable! The teen lesbian flipped her friend over on her back, and she spread her legs open, and buried her face between her thighs. She traced her tongue over her young pussy, and used her fingers to toy with her soaking wet opening. She slid her fingers inside of her, licking her clit at the same time. Her nose nuzzled her friend’s pubic hair as she vacuumed her clit between her lips. Love that close-up tongue sucking! She stood up, and put her leg over hers, so their wet pussies would touch. She started to move her hips, and she pressed herself on her friend, making their clits rub on each other. The sensations shot through their bodies and both of them came together. 69 position, face-sitting, tribbing, ass rimming, mutual masturbation… these teen lesbians were going to try everything! I like it especially how they both devoure each other’s pussies. The tribbing is terrific! The attraction and chemistry between the young lesbians is palpable and elevates the sex to another degree. I like the softness of it, the kissing, and how these young naked girls look like a real couple. They’re so cute! 