Emily grew up rich, and she would have never assumed that one day, her stepmom would kick her out of her stunning house, after throwing her a fabulous party. But there she was, on her own doorstep with a suitcase in hand. She started to look around her, frantically trying to think of a plan. In the corner of her eye, she spotted two salesmen, and she figured it wouldn’t be too hard to try to sell those vacuums. She was convinced that she had more influence on people than those two dorks. So the sexy teen babe walked over to them, and after a few minutes, she was the new seller of top of the line vacuums. The three of them drove around the city, and at every house they stopped at, Emily was the first one to knock at the door. Her strategy was simple, she would seduce the men, use her perfect body and get them to buy as many vacuums as they could. Her plan worked perfectly. She would knock on the door, a man would open, and she would do anything to get inside of the house. Once inside, it wasn’t too hard for her to get those men in bed. She had fun with all of them, and she loved riding different cocks every day. But the day that her plan would fall apart was soon approaching her. That morning, she woke up with a lot of confidence, and she went over to a fancy complex building, and when she knocked on the door, she was shocked to see a gorgeous blonde lady open the door. Her plan didn’t work on women, or so she thought. The young blonde MILF invited her in, and when she sat across the table from her, she was at a loss of words, and she could barely talk about the vacuums. The blonde took her hand and she led her to her kinky room. She entered and was mesmerized by all the different sex toys that were on display. She dropped her glass, and when the blonde noticed, she sat on the bed and instructed Emily to climb over her knee. She spanked her until she learned her lesson.   A few minutes after, the sexy MILF handed Emily a leather lingerie set, to match hers. Once the girls were both dressed, she pushed the teen girl on the bed, and she spread her legs so she could bury her head in her young pussy. The mature lesbian was on her knees, with her tongue deep inside of slutty Emily. She used her hand to rub small circles on her clit, and she made her squirt all over her satin sheets. Emily was out of breath, but she still wanted to taste her mistress. She began to clean her pussy by spreading her legs and licking her sensuously everywhere. The teen lesbian licked MILF’s pussy so good, causing her to twitch from the slightest touch from my tongue and lips. The girls placed a vibrator between their pussies, turned it on, and both of them pressed their soaking wet slits and they rode the vibrator until both of them were screaming with pleasure and cumming hard. Both women are super beautiful and the scene is intense. Having been taken in by a wealthy matron, Emily spends her days excitedly engaging in the sexual games and manipulations of the household. Emily is the undisputed QUEEN and I love the concept of this movie! Now this is the high standard premium quality porn. The cinematography is so crystal clear. They did get inspiration from Breakfast at Tiffany’s but turned it into series with the hottest girls in the busines.