Courtney just got the babysitting job, but she caught a virus, too. And she didn’t want to lose her job immediately, so she called her friend to help her. The girl would go to babysit instead of her, and she couldn’t wait to go as she had a crush on the baby’s daddy. So the young hoe put on her sluttiest outfit in case she met the guy at his house. As she was picking up the toys, she bent over to get all of them. Her skirt was way too short and her thongs were barely covering her cute ass. The man was home early, so he stood behind the door, looking over a firm butt that was flashing at him. His dick loved it as he stared at that fine ass. He stood there for a few moments before the girl turned around and caught him staring. The little slut got all sweet and flirty, halfway there to seduce the guy and let him bang her like a whore. He couldn’t resist her looking at him seductively, so the pair started kissing in the living room. Her hands were going over his chest and she unbuttoned his shirt to work her way all down to the pants. He sat on the couch and the teen girl jumped into his lap, not letting go of him. He was kissing her perky tits as his dick was slowly rising inside his pants. His shirt was off and the little skank quickly got rid of her clothes. She wanted that dick out, so she grabbed it with her hand and licked it with her tongue. It was a big sausage and she wanted to kiss it, lick it and suck it.   Her lips were all around it and he slapped her booty while he enjoyed a sensual blowjob. The girl would go deep and even gag when his cock got way down her throat. She would let her saliva over it and stroke it as his balls were growing too. They were full and he wanted to smash that bitch as no one did before. After she was done choking on his cock, they swapped places and the slutty teen opened up her legs to reveal her young twat. Daddy was so good at licking, so he made sure to make that pussy all soggy and ready for heavy drilling. But her butthole was delicious too, so he ate both holes before going deeper down there. His dick was hard as a stone, so he got behind the young naked girl and shoved his cock deep inside her soaked pussy. He started banging her like a mad bull, slapping his balls as he went deeper and harder with every hit. He had never fucked his wife like that. Sex life with his wife had become really boring, but this young teen babe did amazing things with his cock. The bitch loved the rough play and she would moan louder every time he hit that hole deep. He destroyed her fuck hole and left her a wet gift, too. Both of them exploded into satisfied orgasms. After that, the young nanny started fucking all daddies she would work for.