My slutty stepsister had a thing for me and boy she was hot! I noticed her sniffing my things all the time and this one time I caught her putting on my perfume in the bathroom. I mean, she was a dark-skinned kitten with a hot body and a delicious booty. All my friends wanted to get between her legs, but I had to go there first! I couldn’t let anyone have her before I did! So I started teasing her, all while imagining this foxy cutie jumping on top of my wood. I would dive into that ass anytime. And she was all flirty and dirty, so it turned me on madly! She was taking a piss while brushing my teeth, and I could imagine those big lips around my cock. It was growing in my pants and watching her pissing made it even hotter. I knew she noticed my wood and her eyes were hungry. So I had to take her right there, no more flirty talk! I took the thing out and she couldn’t wait to put her inside her mouth. The hoe was so horny! My stepsister was stroking it with one hand while she was licking the top of it. And this dirty skank was so good, she knew exactly how to suck a dick! When she grabbed my balls, I wanted to push that thing deep down her throat. She kept going and I finally topped her mouth with jizz. And my stepsister swallowed it! It was so hot and I left her to wash her mouth after it. Later that day she just bumped into my room, bringing this sweet thing with her. It was her best friend and now I had two hot babes in front of me!   These girls were nasty. My sis jumped onto my bed and took my dick out to show her friend just how she could suck it. But the other girl wanted to join in. I was all up for it, I mean I had two chicks fighting to suck me. The friend was wrapping her lips around it as my slutty sis was sucking my balls. My stick was as hard as a rock. I couldn’t wait to smash those cunts deep and jizz all over them. Her BFF was so horny and she wanted my dick inside her. She took her panties off and jumped on top of me. My cock was up and she just sat on it and started shaking her cute ass over it. Once it got in, I got madly horny. Her pussy was tight and my fat thing was stretching it widely. Then my lustful step sis wanted to take a ride. Her friend let her take the throne and this bald thing was a true delight. She rode me like a wicked whore. Two naked girls got on their knees next to each other with their asses in the air waiting for me to fuck their pussies. I was getting close to splashing the girls with juice. I topped my sister’s face heavily, but I had more to give to the playful friend too. My balls were now empty and the girls looked like smashed hookers.