After turning eighteen, everything changed for the spoiled bitch Emily. Her stepmom threw her out of the house and the little kitten found herself with no money or home. The girl had to work hard to earn cash. But she was the kind of girl who would prefer to play smart, not hard. So she found a way to fuck her way to the top. Emily was a beautiful girl, so she could seduce any guy she wanted. She would give them a flirty look and moments later she would be shaking her booty on top of them. The little slut would have steamy affairs with every customer she met. And the only way to the top is to fuck everyone along the way. Next in line was her new manager. She dropped her panties instantly and pushed the guy on the sofa. There was one more guy who was involved in what was happening. She just loved gangbangs and threesomes – the more dicks the better! Her mouth lips were all around one cock, while the other one was drilling her drenched twat. So dirty, and so tantalizing! She wanted to get fucked by two cocks at the same time. The pussycat would let them do anything to her while teasing them with her hot body. One man would face fuck her balls deep as another was smashing her cunt. But the double pleasure was what the hoe really craved. She was spit-roasted by the hard cocks of two men she had met only hours before. Two cocks filling her up in ways she never thought was possible, ever. And once she started cumming, there was no stopping. Every hole in her body was being fucked. The feeling of those two cocks stuffing her ass and pussy simultaneously sent the little bitch over the edge. Two hard cocks worked her holes relentlessly, like pistons. Hands were groping her from behind, grabbing her breasts, her ass, pulling her hair, again and again they were slamming their cocks in her both holes together. She was having one orgasm after another, her beautiful young body took over a state of pleasure she did not know existed. One after the other the cocks exploded a huge load of white thick cum all over her bitchy face and in her holes. 