They were stuck at their step-grandma’s house for the whole weekend, and the stepsiblings figured that they should do their best to pass the time. So the teens got comfortable in the living room, playing truth or dare. The game started out with innocent questions, but the more they played, the naughtier questions and dares became. He dared her to flash him her tits, she retaliated and told him to take off his pants. It suddenly came to him how much he liked the idea of showing off his cock to his stepsister. It was hard and big in his hand and the girl crawled to him to take a closer look. It was a game until he dared her to take it in her mouth. She got thrilled of the idea right away. Her lips wrapped around the head, and slowly started sucking. His sister moved her head fast, and she gripped his shaft tightly with her mouth. Suddenly he saw their stepgrandma watching them! He couldn’t resist filling his stepsister’s mouth with his cum. He ended their game there, and he went upstairs to the bathroom. When he opened the door, he found his youthful step-grandma sitting on the bathtub, half naked! The MILFy grandma needed help shaving her legs, and he gladly lent her his hand. Her legs slightly parted and she could see her naked pussy. His fingers slipped inside of her tight cunt, and as he was caressing her, his stepsister caught them. So they all went downstairs, and grandma had the best idea. All three of them should play together. So the naughty girls took off their clothes, and the stepbro sat back on the couch, watching the naked girls milk his dick. They sucked his member together, drenching it in their spit. His petite stepsister climbed into his lap first. She rode him hard and fast, and when he had enough of her taking control, he flipped her over. She laid down on the ottoman, and he pounded her pussy, making her whole body shake. He moved over to please his grandma. Soon, the naked girls were lined up side by side on all fours with their asses up in the air. He pushed his cock in their pussies, and he drilled them until all of his juice was spilled over the two hotties. 