I met a young, petite, and gorgeous redhead a while back, and when she learned that I was a scout for the potential new pornstars. Her eyes lit up when she realized that I could be her ticket to stardom. So over the last few days, we have been talking about what she would like to do, and what she is comfortable with. When we established all the details, I went to pick her up. She is petite but smoking hot. Porn with small girls getting fucked by big cocks is the best! She grabbed the hem of her shirt, and she pulled it up. Her perky little tits stared at me, and I couldn’t resist playing with her nipples. She took off her tight and tiny shorts. She wasn’t wearing any panties, I liked that. I traced her delicate body, from her nipples to her swollen clit. She was already wet when I slipped my finger inside of her. The little girl let me explore her sweet pussy before we came to the set. We got out of the car, and she followed me to the apartment. When we got inside, I let her sit on the couch while I set up all the cameras. Once everything was ready, I picked her up and placed her in front of the camera. The little girl dropped down to her knees, to pull my pants down, and toy with my hard cock. She wrapped her mouth around my dick, and she sucked me off slowly at first, and when she got comfortable she turned into a professional cock-sucking slut. I pulled her mouth away from my member before I came in her mouth. I wrapped my arms around her petite body, and I placed her on the desk by the window. She spread her legs, and my big hard cock was at the entrance to her young tight pussy.   I ran my hand gently down her flat, smooth stomach, caressing her soft flesh. She moaned softly, thrusting her hips towards me. She nodded and bit her lip as I started to rub the tip over her smooth mound. Then I slid my cock into her juicy entry. I pushed my cock balls deep inside of her and stopped enjoying the feeling. Her tight slit gripped my dick perfectly. I let her take a moment to adjust to my dick stretching out her walls. Nothing better than seeing my cock slide in and out of a young tight body! I started pounding her, and the little girl let out all of her sweet moans fill the room. The more I drilled her, the wetter she was. This petite redhead is perfect pornstar material. She screamed and begged for me to fuck her harder. She bucked her hips against me, wanting my cock deeper inside her pussy. The girl loved feeling my shaft fill her tight holes. I wanted to see how good she is in every pose, so I pulled out of her, and I laid down next to her. Cute naked girl climbed on top of me, and she slid my dick back inside of her, and she started moving her hips, faster and faster. This petite hottie got on her toes, and she milked my cock with her narrow hole until she got all of my juice inside of her. 