When she sent off her stepson to college, she didn’t think that he would bring his college girlfriend with him. But she let both of them stay at her house. The busty blonde stepmom was happy to have her stepson back at home, because she was lonely. Her husband was always away for work, and she needed company. But she didn’t think that one day she would catch the new couple getting naughty in the middle of the living room. Stepmom was about to go downstairs when she heard moans coming from the living room. She quietly stepped down the stairs, not to alert the teens that she was coming their way. Her stepson was with his pants off, and the little slut was on her knees, with his cock stuffed in her dirty little mouth. When the couple finally saw her, he rushed to put back his pants on and to talk to his stepmom. She got back to her room, and he followed her. She was angry, but not for the reasons he thought. MILF lifted her skirt up, and she sat down on the edge of the bed. He was confused, not sure what his next move should be. So she grabbed the back of his head, and she brought him closer to her wet muff. He began to kiss and lick her cunt but to be honest she expected more from him after all those orgies in college. She told him to lay back down on the bed, and she climbed on top of him. She sat on his face with her large, bare ass and stuffed her mouth with his dick.   While they were busy 69-ing, the girlfriend was on the doorstep, watching them. So the blondie had an idea, she made the teen girl to lay down and spread her legs. Stepmom was going to teach him how to lick pussy! The petite brunette got on the bed, and while the girls lick each other’s pussies, he had no choice but to stroke himself, standing in the corner like a little boy. Finally his stepmom told him to stick his prick into the girlfriend’s pussy and show what he could do with his thing. When his cock was inside, the stepmom grabbed his ass and began to help him to go deeper by pushing him onto the girl. His balls were slapping against the girlfriend’s pussy and his stepmom’s boobs were slapping against his ass from behind. As a reward he got a double blowjob from the naked girls. He spread his lags and the girls began caressing his balls and sucking his tip. Both naked girls were aching to feel his shaft stretch out their cunts. Teen and MILF took turns riding his dick. He was fucking both of their pussies, go back and forth from one pussy to the other. It was a fantasy he had always dreamed of fulfilling! His massive shlong drilled both of them and these hotties milked his dick like never before. 