Two studs are trying to hook up and swap their slutty stepsisters for Halloween. Things start to get weird once the lads bring home an ouija board and use it for seduction. The first one to go wild is a busty tart dressed as a police officer. The spirits are suggesting the girls to flash their tits. Soon the spirits are suggesting a full-on sex party, and everyone is game. The babe dressed as a police officer begins sucking the dude’s cock right next to her brother. The view of his sister giving a blowjob gets him horny too and he pulls his dick out for the other girl. The nerdy teen is also on her knees, wrapping her cute lips around the man’s lengthy cock. The game continues, and two hunks and two ladies get fully naked now. Both naked girls are busy worshipping dongs as the spit drips to the floor. Curly and slender girl is more sensual, while a curvy hoe gives her best to feel the dick hitting the back of her throat. The aroused chicks lie on their back and enjoy hardcore missionary-style ramming. Both cunts are fully bald and welcome study peckers inside with great enthusiasm. The hotties moan in unison, enjoying the kinky stepsister swap game. The girls don’t forget to lick each other’s cunts too. In the meantime, the curly brunette gets railed doggy style. Nerdy chick’s turn for ultimate joy – the voluptuous bimbo works on her clit while a shaft fucks her naughty fuckbox. Soon enough, a powerful orgasm hits her body, and her slim figure shakes uncontrollably. Doggy-style pummeling is next for both girls. They grab the cushions while studs destroy their tight cunnies from behind, slowly turning their moans into wild screams. The ladies look into each other’s eyes while cumming hard, feeling their pussies tighten around the meaty dongs. Now fully satisfied, two naked girls rush to their knees, tasting their pussy juices on long shafts. They smile while huge loads hit their faces and pouty lips. With some help from the ghastly ghouls and otherworldly specters, this will be the best Halloween ever. 