My new girlfriend, Kiara, is such a cumslut. She is a petite blonde with superb ass and perky boobs, rocking the nerdy look with oversized glasses. I wanted to make her feel special for Halloween, and I knew her favorite treat was my sweet cock. I invited her over, and she appeared wearing an orange skirt and a cute top, and I could see she was ready to go hardcore. Her tiny thong was also reddish, but she soon got rid of it. Her top was on the floor too, and she was wearing orange stockings only. I followed her around the house and saw her entering the bedroom. When I walked inside, I caught the petite blondie masturbating with a vibrator. She rubbed her moist clit with the purple toy, bringing herself to the verge of an orgasm. Dressed goofy, wearing a funny wig, I knew then and there that the shaved cooch needed my attention. In a matter of seconds, my head was between the slender legs, and my tongue worked the swollen button. My blonde girlfriend gave me a naughty gaze through her glasses, and I could feel she loved the way I worshipped her bald vagina. My naked girl got up and began sucking my cock. It was huge compared to her head, but she blew it, trying to fit my fat cock in her little mouth. Her small boobies and a tight ass gave me an incredible boner, and the way she gorged on my pecker made me wanna split her pussy hard and deep. The tiny girl rode my dong reverse cowgirl style. I held her hips to help her maintain the balance, and she soon came all over my shaft.   To add more pleasure to her twat, Kiara caressed her clit, and the combination made her even wilder. Her screams made it clear she reached another orgasm, but her petite figure kept grinding on top of my dick. She loved to be on top, but she faced me now, letting me hold her cute ass. One more time, I felt the pussy lips tighten around my cock. Still desperate for more, the slut lay on her back and watched my dong disappear inside her tiny twat. I kept pumping as she rolled her eyes in another orgasm. The horny sweetheart wanted to be screwed doggy style next. I obeyed and inserted my fat pecker inside the fuck hole from behind. I watched the firm booty with the optimal amount of bounce shake seductively while I pumped. I didn’t stop the pummeling until another wave of intense orgasms hit the blonde bombshell. She moaned and squirmed uncontrollably but still ached for more. Being a huge fan of cock riding, Kiara took my dick for a ride once again. All I had to do was enjoy and watch her slender body go up and down during the naughty rodeo. I wasn’t surprised when the blondie’s eyes began rolling. Kiara’s orgasmic twat got the much-needed pleasure, and it was left dripping wet, pulsating with joy.