There is nothing more exciting than seeing young skinny girls riding a fat cock and then seeing these tight little pussies stretched and cum filled. I got home from work, and when I walked into our living room, I saw my petite, blonde girlfriend dressed in a sexy magician costume. She had fishnets on, shorts that made her juicy ass pop, and a slutty top. I stood there, watching her try it on, but she must’ve noticed me staring because she started stripping and playing with her tits. She used her spit to toy with her nipples, and I could feel my cock throb for her. My babe has skinny legs, slim hips and a tiny waist, skinny girls turn me on so much! I stayed silent as I watched her rub her slut over her shorts, then get up and take them off. She didn’t have panties on, and as she bent over, I could see all of her shaved holes. She knew I was watching, that’s why she was teasing me. I waited until she was completely naked before I joined her little naughty game. My sexy babe sat on the couch, with her slim legs spread out as much as she could, and I quickly took off all of my clothes and sat next to her. I started rubbing her clit, making her moan in my mouth. She needed to feel my fingers inside of her, so I granted her wish. She let me drill her tight hole with my fingers for a while, before she got on her knees in front of me, and started sucking my massive and hard cock. Her tiny mouth couldn’t take my whole shaft into her mouth. So I grabbed her by her hair and helped her a little. She swallowed as much of my cock and she could and she drenched my member with her spit. I couldn’t wait to bury my dick inside of her pussy, and feel her walls stretch because of me.   I pulled her away from me and grabbed her by the waist. I placed her on the floor so that her head would rest on some pillows I threw on the ground, and her legs were in the air. Her dripping wet slit was under me, and I pushed my dick inside of her. I held her in place, so she could relax and take my dick as much as she could. My rod stretched out her walls, and her moans filled our house. I pounded her slit hard, and my little slut begged me to fuck her harder, so I helped her up and let her ride me. She slid her pussy down my cock, and she started swaying her hips up and down, milking my cock slowly. I love watching her slim sexy body and her small titties. Her cunt gripped my massive cock tightly, and I could feel her every move. I loved how she took her time to grind on me, before picking up her pace and started jumping hard and fast on my dick. I could feel that she was close to cumming, but I wasn’t ready yet. So I grabbed her hips, pushed her back on the couch, and started drilling her slit with all my power. She is incredibly flexible, so she threw her legs over her shoulders in a piledriver position, leaving her holes wide open for me. She took my thrusts and came all over my cock. Her pussy started squeezing my dick, and I filled her cunt with my cum.