Little did this MILF knew, as she got down onto her hands and knees, doing her everyday chores, her horny stepson was so interested in watching her beautiful butt! Every time she bent forward, the hem of her short dress lifted up a bit, and the horny teenager could see a quick flash of her bum cheeks. His eyes were devouring the curves of her mound. Her white panties were stretched tightly over the twin swells of her vulva. The sexiest thing this boy had ever laid his eyes on. After doing her chores the blonde MILF grabbed her yoga mat and put on her tightest leggings. She placed her mat in front of the guy, and she started doing her routine. He watched her silently, trying to think of a topic to discuss, to make their situation a little less awkward. He finally spoke up and talked about a movie. She smiled to herself, and she sat next to him on the couch. He was tense, and she only wanted to help him with the extra energy he had. So the MILF carefully explained to him how she needs him to make her feel good. He listened carefully to her every word, and only nodded at her remarks. Once she was done talking and made sure that the house was empty, she climbed into his lap. The beautiful woman got even more flexible from doing yoga, so she had her legs wrapped around his shoulders, so she could support herself with her hands while stuffing her mouth with his young dick. She sucked her stepson off, feeling his cock throbbing in her mouth. Then his stepmom took off her clothes, got on all fours, stuck her big bubble ass high in the air and told him to fuck her. He was behind her, drilling her soaking wet cunt. She grabbed onto the couch and let him pound her slit however he wanted. MILF let him stretch out her pussy, and toy with her swollen clit. His young hard cock made her cum so many times, and she loved milking his dick all afternoon. He had a hold of her waist with one hand, and he used the other to roam her body until he reached her hair, and pulled her towards him, making him spill his spunk deep inside of her.  