Aubree was home alone, and she decided to sneak into her stepbrother’s room and see what he’s doing on his computer. He was always locked into his room, and her curiosity grew more and more every day, and she needed to know what he was doing in there. So when he went out and left his door unlocked, she took the chance and sneaked in. She started going through his laptop and found all kinds of pictures of herself! He took all of them while she was changing, or bending over. He had a whole collection of her big ass, and she figured that he used them to jerk off. She felt her juices pool in her panties, and she realized that this was turning her on. So the girl started rubbing her clit over her panties, while still sitting in his room. She didn’t hear the door open or notice him staring at her. He stood in the doorway, with a hard-on, watching his step sister pleasure herself. When she finally noticed him, she told him all about his secret file, and inside of making fun of him, she dropped down to her knees and pulled down his pants. He was in shock, but he let her do whatever she wanted. She wanted to kiss, lick and suck his cock and his balls too. Once he had enough of her mouth, he picked her up and placed her on the bed. She was on all fours, and he slowly pulled down her panties, revealing her perfect naked ass and glistening pussy. She smiled and wiggled her booty on his face. He grabbed her ass cheeks with both hands and started licking her ass crack, sliding his tongue up and down from her clit to her anus. She was dripping wet and begging him to fuck her. He positioned his young virgin cock on her wet opening, and he pushed it inside of her. He began pounding her hard from behind, not giving her time to adjust to his size. His pelvis made waves through her big ass with each thrust. “Fuck, yeah!” he exclaimed. His older sister pushed him onto his back, climbed him and immediately began bouncing up and down on the his cock, slamming her big ass down on his pelvis yelling, “Oh fuck me!” She made herself cum hard over and over again on her stepbrother’s dick. 