I was home alone, and after getting a snack in the kitchen I walked back to my room. But before I reached my door, I saw that my stepsister’s door was open. Since she was supposed to be at school, I opened the door and found her on the bed, taking pictures. Her skirt was pulled up exposing her naked ass. I was sure my sister was taking nudes! When I asked her why she was home, and not in class, she told me that her leg hurt and that she couldn’t go to school today. Seeing her in her short skirt, and knee socks, I offered to massage her leg and help her. She spread her legs, showing me that she didn’t have panties on. She was playing a game with me, so I took the massaging oil, and started rubbing her thigh. I couldn’t keep my eyes off her pussy. It was wet and very beautiful. When I reached her soaking wet slit, she let me bury my fingers inside of her. I was ready to fuck her, but when she saw my hard cock, she suddenly got up and went to school. I sat there, amazed at what had just happened. I was in the living room when my stepsister got back. Her boyfriend broke up with her, and she wanted me to make her feel good. I agreed, but only if she made me feel good in return. She lay across my lap and flipped her skirt up. A bare ass was presented to me and I could see her beautiful pussy lip sandwich between her juicy ass cheeks. I took a firm hold of her ass cheek with my hand, she smiled! Then my stepsister got on the floor and I pulled my cock out in front of her face. I saw her mouth open when she saw my hard cock sticking straight up. She took her finger and touched the slit at the tip of my cock, then pulled her finger away with a string of pre-cum stretching from her finger to my cock.   My slutty sister leaned down, took the tip of my cock between her lips and started sucking my cock. Oh wow, that felt amazing! Her head was bobbing up and down on my cock. I couldn’t resist cumming in her mouth, and she got mad at me. I blew my chances again. The next day, while she was out, I sneaked into her room to look for her panties. But she caught me, and when I told her how horny she makes me, she finally let me fuck her. She took off all of her clothes and laid down on the bed. My naked sister spread her legs and her pussy was juiced up ready for my cock. I lay on her and with a large thrust pushed my cock deep within her. As I pulled my cock out, I could see Kari’s juices glistening on it. I pushed back in, hard, hearing my sister grunt as I did. I started to fuck her harder and faster, trying to get deeper inside her with each thrust. As I mentioned, my sister had a beautiful round ass and I had always wanted to see her on all fours with her big bubble ass in the air, like a bitch! She got into the position quickly. “You dirty whore, you need to be punished for being a bad slut.” My hips were slamming against her ass making *clap clap* noise. My balls were hitting her wet pussy lips with every thrust. Then my naked stepsister climbed onto me, straddling me with her wide hips and juicy legs and started riding me. Her tight and dripping wet cunt milked my cock, and I came inside of her, after making her cum for me. 