This sexy Ebony teen babe loved her job as a personal trainer, she got to work out anytime she wanted to maintain her amazing figure, and meet amazing people. She loved helping people get to their desired body shape, or just maintain their current weight. Today’s new client booked a long personal session with her. He was a foot taller than her, and he was already jacked. They started out with easier exercises and worked their way up to harder ones. Once their training was complete, he offered to show her some relaxing and stretching techniques. She took him up on that offer, and she sat back down on her yoga mat. She felt goosebumps rise on her skin when she felt his big, strong hands on her skin. He proceeded to show her his techniques, and when she lay down on the floor, to stretch her back, she could clearly see up his shorts. The teen girl felt her body start burning up, and all she wanted to do was taste him. So she got back up, and she pulled down his shorts to release his massive dick out of his shorts. She offered to help him with his boner, and he let her do whatever she wanted to him. Ebony babe wrapped her lips around his white cock, and she started moving her head, making him fill out her dirty little mouth. He was too big for her mouth, and she swallowed as much of him as she could. She drenched him in her spit, and once he had enough of her eager mouth, he helped her take off her tight gym clothes. He laid down on the mat, and the black naked girl climbed on top of him. She positioned her opening on his tip, and she slowly impaled her Ebony pussy on his rod. She made sure his whole shaft was inside of her, before moving her hips. She swayed back and forth, teasing him with her slow pace. He grabbed her hips, once he had enough of her games. He moved her tiny body however he wanted, making her moan loudly. Her sweet screams of pleasure filled their private gym. She wanted to try him out in every position she could think of. So she got up and laid down next to him. Black naked girl spread her legs, and he took the hint and got behind her. He pushed her leg up even more and drilled her slit sideways. He pounded her hole deep and rough, and she felt her orgasm building inside of her. With a few thrusts, she came all over his cock, and he pulled it out and spilled his jizz on her beautiful body. 