Senior year started, and day after day, these three girls craved adventure. They knew that they were soon going to college, and they wanted to make some unforgettable high school memories. So almost every day, the girls decided to cut classes, and go hang around the town. But lately, one of the girls’ security guards caught them in the act, and they had to promise not to cut class again. These girls tried to be good but thinking about all the fun they could have hanging out together, out of school, they couldn’t resist. So when another school day rolled around, the girls had the same plan. But before they could start having fun, the redhead’s security guard found them skipping school again. So the hotties started running, and they didn’t stop until they were out of his reach, and inside of the redhead’s house. The schoolgirls played with their camera, and when they relaxed a little bit more, they couldn’t keep their hands off of each other. All three of them started roaming each other’s bodies, and they loved exploring each other’s titties and soaking wet pussies, they didn’t notice the security guard watching them from the window. He quickly got into the house, making a loud noise with the front door, making all the cuties jump. He started lecturing them, and he wanted to tell their parents what their girls were up to, but before he could do that, all three of them were willing to do anything not to get in trouble, again. He sat on the chair in front of them, and he laid out his conditions. The sluts stared at him for a second, before all three of them kneeled in front of him, starting to suck him off together.   He let them toy with his hard cock for a while. He tried out all of their mouths, and when he was hard enough, he was ready for their teen wet pussies. Three schoolgirls were now in a line with their asses pointed toward him. Two of them grabbed their friend’s ass cheeks with their hands and pushed them open to show him her clean and gleaming ass crack. He moved from one pussy to the other and back again, fucking all three young naked girls. The thing that put his erection over the top was when the girls got into a pyramid, giving him their wet cunts. He had them lying on top of each other, with their asses out and he could just move from one pussy to the next. Then he laid down on the floor. One by one, all three naked girls took turns riding his massive cock. He laid on the floor, watching their asses switch, and jump all over his dick. The redhead was the first one to slide her pussy down his shaft. He watched her massive ass swallow his cock, and before he could cum, the girls were already swapping places. While he was busy with one of them, the other two naked girls were on the couch, with their panties thrown to the side. They licked each other’s slits, making each other cum, in between naughty rides. He took his time with each of them, making these girls cum hard for him. Their young and tight cunts milked his big and experienced rod, and he made sure to give each of them a little taste of his yummy jizz, before going on his way.