The barbeque party had started, the ebony hottie Kira had had a hot and horny lesbian adventure with their new neighbor, a hot teen girl and her husband had already fucked the girl’s mom. But Kira couldn’t resist teasing her horny husband with her luscious lips. She dropped to her knees and took his cock out of his shorts. She wrapped her mouth around his shaft, not caring if anyone would walk in on them. The Ebony babe moved her head and her mouth, sucking off her husband as their guests were entering their backyard with the potato salad. She quickly stood up, and stood in front of her husband, greeting their new guests. She put his boner back through his apron and greeted the guys, convincing them it was a prank dick. While she was talking to them, she still had one hand on her husband’s dick behind her back. He stood behind her, with his cock still out, and as Kira took away the husband on a tour, their brunette neighbor got down on her knees and continued to suck his cock. Their slutty neighbor hid behind the grill and filled her mouth with his big rod. Kira watched them from the table, making sure to grab her neighbor’s attention if her husband was getting suspicious. The brunette hottie milked his cock, with her naughty and hungry mouth and after swallowing his big load, she went back to sit next to her husband. Kira sat in her husband’s lap, sliding her wet pussy down his dick. She jumped up and down, milking his member, and still keeping up with the conversation. It wasn’t long before she was leading the husband away to the bathroom so that her hubby could seduce the beautiful brunette.   The pair went upstairs to the bedroom, and it didn’t take them long to take off all of their clothes. The naked girl bent over on the bed, giving her neighbor access to her pussy. He pushed his member in, and started pounding her harder and harder by the minute. She took his thrusts and moved her own hips, to meet his every jab. Soon, those sweet sounds called out to his horny wife. She couldn’t leave her husband to do all the handy work alone. So she went up the stairs, and into the room. She climbed into bed with them, and as her husband was fucking the slutty neighbor, Kira took off all of her clothes. Her husband helped the brunette hottie to lie down on the bed, with her legs spread apart. He pounded her slit, while his wife climbed over her face, making her lick her pussy. She flicked her tongue over Kira’s throbbing clit, making her legs shake. The room filled with her sweet screams of pleasure. The naked girls soon swapped places, so her husband could drill her holes, while she fingered their guest. Both girls swallowed his cock, sucking eagerly, what fun! Both girls took turns riding his cock. Both of them loved to bring other and naughty people into their bedroom, to keep their spark alive. The brunette hottie let both of them toy with her holes, and make her cum harder and better than her husband ever did. Naked girls got down on their knees, to lick Kira’s husband’s cock and make him cum all over their gorgeous bodies.