As I walked into the living room, I saw my stepmom sleeping on the couch. She looked so peaceful and smoking hot. Her huge tits were wrapped in her tight shirt, and while my gaze was fixed on her, my legs walked on their own, taking me to sit next to her. She didn’t notice the weight shift, and as she nuzzled into me to get more comfortable, I reached out to touch one of her tits. I couldn’t help myself, and as soon as my hand landed on her breast, she woke up and sat on the couch, locking her eyes with me. She smiled at me and proceeded to tell me how I should teach naughty things before I try them out with my girlfriend. My gorgeous, curvy and busty stepmom was willing to teach me a thing or two about sex, and I just nodded, giving her permission to continue with the lesson. She made me stand up, then took her tight shirt off. I stared at her tits, mesmerized. I had never seen more perfect tits! She reached for my pants, yanked them down, and took my hard cock in her delicate hands. I stood still as she jerked me off with her hands and tits. My stepmom then opened her mouth, and licked my whole shaft, from the tip to the base of my dick. Before I knew it, I was cumming on her tits, and she looked like she loved it. A few days later, I came home to tell my stepmom how I had sex with my girlfriend, but it felt off. She wanted to show me how it’s done properly, so she made me promise not to tell my dad whatever we were about to do. She unbuttoned her pants, slid them down, and bent over the kitchen counter. I pushed myself into her, and her loud moan filled the room. I started pounding her, upping my pace with every next thrust. She moved her hips to meet my every stab. Her giant and soft ass hit my skin every time, and it wasn’t long before I couldn’t keep my building orgasm under control. She sensed I was close, so she pulled away from me, and got on her knees. She milked my cock with her mouth, letting me release my spunk all over her body. I couldn’t imagine that there would be a next time, where I would make my stepmom cum for me. But she proved me wrong because she ambushed me in the hall a few days later. She was only in her sexy black lingerie, and after making me promise that I would break up with my girlfriend, she led me to the room upstairs. She got me to lay down on the bed, and she rode me hard until both of us were shaking from our orgasms. 