His mom got used to seeing him around the house. He has been homeschooled, and in the most recent years, they developed a sweet and naughty relationship. His dad was always away, so she had to use her stepson to silence her urges. Even though she has been married for so long, she still maintained her perfect and curvy figure, and she knew how much both her stepson and husband enjoyed her amazing body. But when her stepson announced that he was going to a real school, she felt like he was abandoning her. She didn’t want to sit alone all day in the house, so when it was time for him to catch a bus to school, she blocked the door. His mom stood in his doorway, flashing him her naked tits! He stood still, watching his stepmom turn him on. He rushed to his mom and dropped quickly to his knees. His MILFy mom began feeding her tits to him and grabbing the back of his head to press his face harder into her milky tits! ‘Can I suck your cock?’ she breathed. The dude could barely mumble yes before pushed him back on his bed. She had his cock out and began to slowly move her soft hand up and down his aching shaft. She dropped to her knees, swallowing his cock. His horny stepmom moved her mouth, sucking him off, and when she wanted to switch it up, she used her huge tits to jerk him off. Her stepson soon forgot about school, and all he was focused on was her. His half naked stepmom climbed on the bed with him, squatting above his face.   He brought his mouth closer to her slit. His tongue massaged her dripping wet pussy, and she used her hand to massage his shaft. But she didn’t want to cum on his tongue, so she climbed in his lap, and slid her mature cunt down his young dick. She moved her hips and picked up her pace with every new thrust. Her tight and soaking wet cunny gripped his big rod, and he could feel how close both of them were to orgasming. She lifted her hips, and he rubbed his tip on her clit, making her squirt all over his cock. Her tits hung down in his face, so he reached up and started squeezing them. He sucked those nipples, licking her tits all over as she continued to ride him. All this time her pink lace panties were wrapped around his cock! Then the naked woman got on all fours, arched her back, stuck her ass in the air and cupped her tits, begging him to fuck her from behind. He positioned himself behind her, teasing her squirting pussy with the tip of his throbbing cock. She used her hands to alternate between cupping her big tits and playing with his balls. He couldn’t hold back for very long, the sight and sensation of his dick moving back and forth between her big tits and her pussy lips was just too much. He pointed his dick at her tits. His naked horny stepmom moaned as his dick shot his seed all over her jiggling tits. His stepmom made him cum so hard before letting him go to school.