When Kira and her husband moved to their new neighborhood, they decided that the best way to introduce themselves to everyone was to throw a big barbeque party. His wife, always the badass, had some naughty plans up her sleeve. Starting with gifting him an apron with big ol’ fuzzy fake dick on it. The first neighbors to arrive were a busty blonde mom, and her gorgeous teen daughter. While her husband socialized with the mom and tried to keep her flirting in check, Kira spent her time with her daughter. They sat at the table chatting it up, and when Kira suggested that they go inside and do something more interesting, the teen hottie was intrigued. Kira had her leg between the girl’s thighs, and after telling off her husband, she lead her to their master bedroom. The girls took their clothes off immediately and got down to business. The blonde teen laid down on the bed, with her legs spread apart, and the black girl climbed into her lap, bringing their cunnies together. Their hot and horny lesbian adventure started with clit to clit grinding! The lesbians fucked that way, pussy pushed against pussy, slick inner lips grinding, thrusting accumulating friction with each movement as they pushed into each other. The naked girls rode each other, but they soon felt like something was missing like they needed something more. So Kira got her hands on the double dildo, she had in her dresser. She pushed it into the blonde and slid her black pussy on the other side of it. She rode the dildo, making both of them moan and cum together. The double ended dildo massaged their tunnels of love, but the blondie wanted to try riding it for a while. So the naked girls swapped places and the neighborhood hottie rode Kira as a good cowgirl should. But the Ebony hottie had another spectacular idea, and she took out the big double-sided dildo and reached for her trusty vibrator. The girls interlocked their legs and slid the vibrator in between them. Both of them rubbed their pussies on the toy, feeling the vibrations bring their orgasm closer to the edge. Both of them collapsed on the bed, shaking from their intense orgasm. 