I’ve always enjoyed watching my adorable girlfriend get ready for parties. The way she walked around looking for a dress to impress me was a huge turn-on. This time, we were getting ready for a Halloween party, and she dressed up as a black cat. I embraced the concept for one simple reason: the black knee-highs made the slutty chick look dang hot, and the cat ears spiced up the already hot outfit. While she was applying her makeup, I approached her from behind. The dress was too small and too short, barely concealing the belle’s flamboyant backside. I discovered a micro thong underneath, emphasizing the brunette’s round buttocks. I moved my hand across the white fabric, slowly moving it to the side to look at my favorite cunt. It was pink and shaved, and it was ideal for banging. The folds in her skin were delicate, her pussy was tidy, her outer lips plump and creamy. My cock was rock hard, and I whipped it out of my pants, slowly inserting inside the bald twat while my girlfriend continued to look in the mirror. During the doggy style railing session, I noticed my girlfriend’s dazzling eyes rolling in delight. She shifted her hips to meet my dick, heightening the excitement. The tattooed sweetheart knelt in front of me, chomping on my dong. Her big fake eyelashes batted as she struggled to get the entire length of my tool in her mouth. We entered the bedroom, where my sexy girlfriend continued to worship my big cock with a sloppy blowjob. She turned her cute ass to me one more time after she had made the shaft all wet and hard. I fucked the narrow cooch in a doggy style, watching my dong vanish inside the humid hole.   She was an insatiable pussycat, spreading her buttocks as I screwed her brains out. My tattooed lover now took my shaft for a ride and went for the reverse cowgirl style, treating me to a glimpse of her apple-shaped behind. All I had to do was relax and enjoy the mind-blowing experience. She adored anal sex, and I indulged my slutty girlfriend in her favorite pastime. Her ass was moving up and down, back and forth, and her whole body shook. The sight of my cock inside her ass and of her cunt lips moving each time I entered her butt, almost made me come. She wanted to stay on top, but she turned to face me, exposing her firm boobs and pierced nipples. Now on her back, I slammed the trimmed cunny missionary style with all my force. The cat woman held her legs all the way back as she watched my dick enter the lady hole. To add to the pleasure, my slutty girlfriend reached for her clit and rubbed it vigorously. I could tell she was on the verge of cumming, so I accelerated, causing the cutie’s dark eyes to roll to the back of her head. When I felt the pussy walls tighten around my rod, I knew the belle was ecstatic. She jumped to her feet and knelt down to work on my shaft. The slut blew me away with her enthusiasm while tasting her own pussy juices. The intensity quickly pushed me over the edge, and I emptied my swollen balls all over the pretty face.