This sexy blonde babe left her Amish home just over a year ago, and today, her stepsister comes to visit, along with her boyfriend. She is going to show her younger sister all the modern world’s wonders. That includes some of the more taboo wonders, like her pink vibrator! She pulls down her panties, spreads her legs and gently applies the vibrator to her clit. Her Amish sisters has never seen anything like it before and now shw wnats to try it too. She is wearing a big pink dress, and she seems nervous. Her dress up over her waist revealing her open pussy. Her sister slowly opens her pussy lips with her hand and gently touches the vibrator to her virgin pussy, making her shiver. Gently she moves the vibrator up and down her clit and vaginal opening. Her body is so tense from holding back. Her sister lets her lay down on the couch, while she sits on her face. As the Amish girl works her tongue over her stepsister’s clit and inside her pussy she is moaning and smearing her wet pussy all over her face. Soon the young naked girls start grinding their moist pussies against each other. Suddenly the Amish boyfriend enters the room and sees something he has never seen before – two naked girls with their legs locked together grind against each other. The virgin boy feels shock and revulsion yet also a compulsion to keep watching. Later he sneaks into the room, finds the vibrator and starts jerking off. He strokes his dick sniffing the sex toy. Very quickly his girlfriend’s sister catches him in her bedroom. He is curious about sex and she figures it would be best to show him. She lies on her back and spreads her legs wide, exposing her sweet cunt for the virgin Amish boy. The beautiful naked girl tells him to kneel down and kiss her right there. His lips slowly touch the first pussy of his life. Soon the Amish girl joins in on the sexy fun. Now he is licking two wet pussies! Then the naked girls take his pants off and instruct him to lay down on the bed. The girls join their mouths and suck him off together! They have made his hard dick grow even bigger, so the elder sister helps her younger sister to slide her virgin pussy on her boyfriend’s virgin cock! She helps her ride him until it is her turn to take his dick in her pussy, for all of her hard work. She is going to whow these two all forms of sexual pleasure. 