The weekend started, and the petite cutie decided to stay over at her girlfriend’s house. She was aware that she had an annoying roommate, but she has missed her girl all week. The girls were making out into the living room and after a heavy make-out session, their clothes started flying all over the room. The petite blondie started at her girlfriend’s neck with her lips, as her hands roamed her body and found a way to untie her shirt. Once she removed the extra clothing from her girlfriend’s body, she moved her lips to her nipples, while guiding her hand to her panties. She rubbed her swollen clit as fast as she could, and just when she was getting excited, her phone rang. Her blondie girlfriend decided to take a water break. She walked into the kitchen, and there, waiting for her with a smirk on his face, was her girlfriend’s roommate. When the horny guy talked to her and suggested that he could take care of her too, she didn’t need time to think. She dropped down to her knees, taking his hard rod into her mouth. The little teen started moving her head and sucking him off, but her jealous girlfriend caught them. So she dragged the blondie back to their room, and she made sure to give her an orgasm she would never forget. Her movements were swift but powerful. She licked her pussy greedily, sucking furiously on her swollen clit. Then her busty girlfriend climbed over her petite body, and she licked her clit, while the teen blonde made out with her wet slit. Then she caught a glimpse of a body watching them, but instead of telling her girlfriend, she found an excuse to go back to the kitchen. She walked into the kitchen, and the horny dude wasted no time.   He had her up on the counter, while he was behind her, drilling her dripping wet hole. It wasn’t long before she squirted all over the floor! One squirting orgasm after another, she squirted a stream of cum out of her pussy all over the floor, all over his cock. The wet, squishy sound of her squirting pussy filled the kitchen. She squirted like a fire hose but he didn’t stop pounding her. He only stopped when he heard steps coming their way. So he helped the blondie hide by pushing her head under the water! When the girlfriend walked away, alone, and as soon as she was out of sight, the two were back to fucking. But finally her jealous girlfriend caught the duo for a second time! This time she decided to join them, and make her blonde girlfriend watch them as a punishment. Her roommate was ecstatic that he managed to get with both of the girls. The trio went back to the bedroom, and he filled both of their holes with his massive rod. The naked girls were on top of each other and the lucky dude was between their legs. He fucked both of their pussies, go back and forth from one pussy to the other. Two wet squirting cunts for your pleasure – it is a fantasy you have always dreamed of fulfilling! He switched between their pussies, not giving either of them the time to catch their breaths. He made sure to make both of them cum hard, before covering them both in his tasty jizz.