This blondie’s life was a normal teenage life. The sun creeping into her room made her heavy eyes flutter open, and she was welcomed into the new day with her stepbrother’s morning wood. He climbed into the bed with her, and she opened her mouth to suck him off. In her family, this was a normal day, and while she was deepthroating her stepbrother’s boner, her mom walked into her room, to tell them that breakfast was ready. She loved helping her brother with his boners, and she felt that they were much closer since they started the free household rule. Both of them walked down the stairs, and over to the kitchen table, where the mom was waiting for them with their cereals ready. Both of the stepsiblings took their place on the table and started on their breakfast. The busty blondie told her stepmom all about her school problems, and while she was waiting for a piece of advice, her stepbrother dropped to his knees and started licking her slit. She spread her legs, even more, letting him finger her and lick her at the same time. Her stepmom left the young horny teens alone, and he flipped his stepsis over the table, grabbed his hard cock positioning the head at the entrance to her pussy and started pounding her from behind. As he fucked her, her big tits were swaying back and forth with each of his thrusts. Her brother came quickly, filling her pussy with his hot seed. Soon it was time for school, so she went to get ready and to catch her bus. His cum was leaking out her pussy into her panties all day in school. When she got back, her stepbrother was in the living room, waiting for her to get back. She took a seat next to him, and he placed her hand on his boner. She jerked him off while complaining about her day in school. He decided to shut her up by shoving his cock in her mouth. Mom was watching TV on the sofa next to them. He pulled his stepsister into his lap and impaled her on his erect cock. He let her ride him until she couldn’t cum anymore. Their mom encouraged the teens to get all their sexual cravings out of their system with each other. Whenever one was feeling sexually frustrated, they went to the other to relieve that stress. 