An enticing schoolgirl has a study session with her instructor. She rings the doorbell and hops into the guy’s house, wearing her sexy schoolgirl uniform. This teen girl has been dreaming about his dong for weeks, secretly rubbing her wet clit during the kinky daydreaming. Trying to seduce, she flips her slender leg over the stud’s knee, giving him a naughty gaze. The brunette teen bites her rosy lips and moves her naughty fingers over the instructor’s tie, desperate to finally get a hold of his dick. She makes a move on him, releasing her boobies out of her white blouse. The slutty chick’s perky nipples are to die for, but the experienced guy still tries to focus on the lesson, demanding the pervy situation to end. She spreads her slender legs and lifts her plaid school girl skirt. It isn’t easy being a horny little virgin in an all-girl high school. Wild and outrageous, the slender hottie runs to his house, stripping fully nude, twirling around like a whorish ballerina. Determined to give a much-needed orgasm to her twat, the young naked girl hops to a large bed and begins caressing her divine curves. After spreading her legs, the little fairy dips her fingers inside her pussy and fingers it like there’s no tomorrow. The young cunt is so wet that the clear liquid quickly covers the teen’s hands, but she keeps going, relentlessly rubbing her clit. Too aroused to keep watching, her instructor whips his cock out and slowly approaches the tart’s love hole. His cock is huge especially for it to be her first. He slowly inserts more little by little. Her pussy feels so full! Finally her pussy lips are wrapped around the base of his cock, touching his ball sack.   He fucks the young twat missionary style, going balls deep as the nasty schoolgirl encourages him to go faster with her moans. Mesmerized by the instructor’s pecker, the girl rushes to her knees and tastes her pussy juices on the man’s dong. She combines hand strokes with an intense blowjob, trying to accommodate the whole length of the penis inside her mouth. The face-fucking session is beyond intense, making the brunette knockout drool all over the tool uncontrollably. Aching to be on top, the horny young girl climbs the guy and rides the huge cock reverse cowgirl style. With her legs all the way back, she can observe the massive cock disappearing inside her insatiable hole. The dirty rodeo continues, but the petite naked girl now faces her instructor, treating him with the view of her supple boobs. Firm booty with the divine amount of fuck flesh goes up and down the shaft, feeling the balls slap against her butt cheeks. When the stud gets a hold of her hands, and the strong grip keeps them locked behind the slut’s back, she begs for an orgasm. The naked girl now goes on all fours, offering her slippery hole to the big-dicked hunk. He drills the cunt relentlessly doggy style, kneading the perfectly-shaped ass with his strong arms. He can feel the pussy walls slowly tighten the grip around his huge penis, so he pushes even harder, finally pushing the teen over the edge. The girl cums all over his manhood, moaning loudly. Finally pleased, she kneels in front of the fat prick one more time, taking it whole down her throat. A stream of warm jizz hits her face, painting a naughty smirk on the teen’s face.