Watching her new stepsister unpack her clothes and sort them out made it clear for the busty brunette that her mom married the blondie’s dad. Ever since they started dating, she hoped that it wouldn’t go anywhere and that she wouldn’t be, where she is now. With a new stepsister, and sharing a room, all those facts were irritating to her. So she started complaining about everything, first with the move in and sharing her room and losing her privacy. She couldn’t help but stare at the clothes her new sister brought with her. Since they were stepsisters now and had to share the room, the brunette teen picked up the pile of clothes from her sister’s bed and started taking her own shirt off. The blonde watched her in shock, as she stripped in front of her and put on her favorite red dress. The brunette hottie joked about her style, and the shy blonde had enough. She began ripping open the dress, then pushed her mean stepsister on the bed, and pulled down her panties! She slipped her fingers in her dripping wet slit and started pumping them in and out of her! She made her naughty stepsister moan loudly, and she loved putting her in her place. So she took off her won clothes and jumped on the bed with her. The blonde began licking her sister’s wet pussy, swallowing as much as she could. Then she began greedily sucking on her tits. She kissed them, licked them, sucked them, nibbled on her erect nipples. The naked girls began kissing passionately. Their tongues were exploring the intimacy of each others mouths. The blonde spread her legs and positioned her pussy on her sister’s pussy. Her hips started moving, making the young lesbains both scream with pleasure. Neither of them could keep their voices down, and they let the sensations wash over them. Holding her big tits with both hands, she literally pounded her pussy with her clit, making it a cock, fucking her like she wanted! These hotties got so horny for each other, they didn’t stop caressing their cunts until they made each other tremble with pleasure. 