Working on a porn set and helping gorgeous pornstars get ready for their naughty movies, left this petite brunette wondering if she could do the same thing. Today she had to work on one of her friends from the porn industry. The busty blonde was waiting for her in the makeup chair, only in her purple panties. She wasn’t surprised by her lack of clothing, which was pretty normal in her day-to-day life. The girls chatted, and while she was finishing up the blondie’s hair, her hunky co-star entered the room, with his phone out. He started filming the busty hottie and teasing her for his personal camera. The blonde cutie in the make-up chair loved to get it on even before her scenes started. She wasn’t shy, and the audience never bothered her, so while he was teasing her, she reached for his pants and cupped his boner. He gave her a puzzled look, but she shrugged it off, saying how her makeup friend doesn’t mind. He still didn’t believe her words, so she asked her if she would mind finishing her hair while she glued her mouth to his cock. The cute make-up artist shook her head no, and the busty lady wrapped her mouth around his dick. She swallowed his shaft, inch by inch, making sure to suck on his tip and make his cock throb. The teen girl watched her sucking that monster cock eagerly and asked if she could try it too. The naked pornstar pulled her down to her knees and she continued sucking his balls, while the make-up artist sucked the cock.   Sudden steps in the hallway made all of them jump and get back into their positions. The director burst into the changing room, screaming how they are late, and the beautiful blondie assured him that they will be done soon. Her co-star was hiding under the vanity, teasing her slit, while she tried to keep a conversation with their boss. He nodded and left the room. The hunk emerged from under the makeup table, and he helped the makeup artist take off her clothes. Blondie joined in, and in under a minute, all of them were on the couch, naked and attacking each other’s clothes. The brunette was the first one to ride him. So she climbed into his lap and slipped her cunt down his dick. He grabbed her hips and guided her to meet his thrusts. Blondie watched them get it on, and she felt her wetness dripping. She was aching to feel his cock stretch her out. She waited until they were done, and then she replaced her friend and rode him herself. The petite brunette got on her knees, and she took his balls into her mouth, while her friend had her fun with his cock. Both naked girls got fucked and even 69 so he could pound them while they licked each other’s pussies! He moved from one cunt to the other. These hotties milked his rod, and he made sure to give each of them big loads of his cum, before returning to set.