He was lounging in his living room, with his sister seated beside him. Her newest girlfriend was about to visit them. He nodded and joked with her, wondering if this girl is going to be the new addition to their family. The doorbell echoed through the house, interrupting their conversations. His sister had a good taste in girls, and he was always left mesmerized at how hot these girls were. His interest grew more and more as he was looking at the most beautiful girl he has ever seen. She came in dressed in tight shorts and a top that more resembled a bra than a shirt. But her curves were wrapped tightly in skimpy material, and the dude couldn’t take his eyes off of her. The curvy girlfriend came from a jog, so she needed a shower. She headed upstairs to clean her perfect body. The sight of a naked girl lathering up her huge breasts was an unbelievable turn on. In the middle of her shower, she saw the brother of her girlfriend lurking. It turned out his sister had asked him to peep on her. She just wanted to know if her girlfriend’s tits were real because they were very fantastic. The naked girl decided to not only let him look at, but also feel her big naturals! She reached for his hand and pulled him into the bathroom with her.   He was shocked, and when she wrapped her lips around his throbbing rod, all thoughts left his mind. She sucked him off, making his dick grow bigger. Her naughty mouth swallowed his erection, and she used her hand to play with his balls, making him moan louder and louder. He pulled her off of him and made her lay down on the floor. He spread open her thick thighs and buried his face in her hairy muff. He licked her slit, making her shiver and beg for his cock to impale her pussy. His hands kept her in place, as he devoured her and made her beg even more. His tongue worked on its own, and only after hearing her beg so much, he obey her pleas, then sat on the bathtub and let her sit on him. She turned her back to him and slid her cunny down his shaft. He let her take the lead, and she moved her big hips, slamming her huge ass on his lap. She started out slowly at first, and when she heard his moans, she picked up her pace. Her tight tunnel gripped his cock, squeezing him more and more with every thrust. He grabbed onto her wide hips, locking her movements and pushing himself deeper inside of her. Her tits bounced beneath her as she rode him in the bathroom. He put his hands on her tits, playing with them while she kept impaling herself on his cock. ’His hand reached her clit, and as he rubbed her swollen bean, making her cum, he spilled his own juice inside of her. 