Having an insatiable sex bomb as a roommate has never been so tantalizing! While her two roomies are in another room, the blonde tart is doing it again – rubbing her greedy clit until she cums. The amazed spectators feel the urge to get dirty, too, now kissing each other while watching their roommate masturbate. The young lesbians are busy kissing their pink nipples when the blondie interrupts them and asks them inside the bedroom. Now the trio is on a bed, giggling while slowly undressing, paying close attention to firm tits. The sensual lezzies reveal their shaved pussies, while naughty fingers explore the depths and inquisitive tongues savor the sweet scent. Incredibly aroused again, the masturbation addict gets her slippery cunt eaten out, squirming underneath the sensual movement. To return the favor, she goes down on her lady friend, spitting all over her pink pearl. With her legs wide apart, the brunette lesbian sticks her tongue inside her lover’s cooch, treating her with an amazing orgasm. While two naked girls are in a 69, the third one kisses wet slits, slowly turning the sensual licking into a greedy slurping without mercy. She doesn’t stop until the pussy underneath her starts pulsating in a big O, and the slender body of her roomie loses control, shaking wildly. The brown-haired stunner swirls her tongue around her lover’s asshole, soon pushing her from the edge, sending waves of pleasure to her smashing body. The young lesbians choose scissoring as their next endeavor, grinding the cunts so hard against each other that they cum at the same time. Now teamed up, they turn their attention to the lucky hottie that gets to enjoy the combination of butt and pussy licking at the same time. She bursts out in continuous orgasms as the girls rhythmically tongue-fuck her pussy and ass together. She cums all over her roommates’ lips while her pretty eyes roll to the back of her head. One of the girls sits on her friend’s face while the third lesbian’s mouth is buried between her legs. The girls suck their clits and mouthfuck each other’s pussies until they cream like a cookie sandwich! 