These girls found that they both had the hots for each other’s stepbrothers. But everything took an unexpected turn when the girls caught one of the guys enjoying himself in the bathroom. Ever since this blonde babe met her best friend’s brother, she couldn’t stop thinking about him. She lost count of how many nights she spent thinking about how his body and cock would feel on her. Her friend couldn’t comprehend how could she like her stepbrother, he was too annoying, but then she remembered that she was in the same situation. The girls hid behind a wall and used their phone to record the brunette’s stepbrother stroking his cock. The blondie couldn’t tear her eyes off of him, and the only reason she walked away was that her best friend dragged her out. But a great idea popped into her head. After laying the plan on her friend, both of them agreed that it would be fun to tease them. The boys were downstairs playing video games, and they stood in their way, with a video of one of them fapping. So the girls made a deal with them, if they put their annoying tongues to good use, and licked their slits they would delete the videos. Both girls quickly pulled down their panties and sperad their legs wide open in front of each other’s brother. The guys were shocked but agreed, dropped to their knees before each other’s stepsister. Their mouths made their pussies gushy, and now neither of them could walk away.   Their sisters stcuk their asses in the air and ordered them to lick their assholes. It was time to see how good they were in licking their holes. Two naked girls took their cocks in their mouths and sucked them off until they were too hard not to fuck. The blonde hottie took the stud’s cum in her mouth, and she kissed her best friend letting her taste the spunk of her stepbrother. She turned back to him, and he took her in his arms and buried himself balls deep in the fresh, ripe, succulent pussy. Two naked girls in a 69 position, guys up behind them. The girls started licking each other’s pussies, while behind them, their stepbrothers thrust like wild, moving their bodies forwards with each thrust. Moans filled the house, and just as freaky as their hookup started, it ended with the couples switching. It didn’t take this group long before the girls accidentally touched their own stepbros, and in the heat of the moment, neither of the girls wanted to stop fondling their junk. After switching couples, the blondie rode her stepbrother, and the cute brunette let her bro drill her from behind. The guys were confused with the switch, but it was still hot to fuck their own stepsisters. Blonde grabbed his stepbrother’s ankles and pushed his legs far apart, pressing them to his body and spreading widely. She begun bouncing up and down on his cock, basically fucked him in a modified cowgirl position. Her bestie was there to lick her ass and his balls, her own stepbrother was slamming into her from behind, aroused by the sight of that crazy Amazon sex position. Two hot naked girls banged each other’s and their own stepbrothers until they couldn’t cum anymore.