The boys were ecstatic when they saw the stripper approaching their house. She was petite and curvy, a perfect girl for both of them. When she walked inside, they led her to the bedroom, and they sat on the bed, letting her perform freely. But since this was a birthday striptease, she decided to give them her special surprise for naughty guys. But the boys would have to wait after her performance. She started slowly dancing to the sensual music, and piece by piece her clothing ended up on the floor or on the bed, next to two horny boys, who have been eying her every move. She turned around, so they could appreciate her pussy and asshole before she made her way over to them. The young naked girl smirked at them when she noticed how hard she made them, and she thought to herself that she is only getting started. She dropped to her knees in front of them, unzipping their pants while explaining her special surprise. The guys looked at her quietly, nodding at everything she said, and giving her the green light to proceed with her doings. Her both hands wrapped around their shafts, she brought her mouth closer to one of them, and she started sucking it while jerking off the other cock. She switched between them, drenching their rods with her spit, and making them grow bigger with every stroke.   The naked girl finally let go of them, and she climbed into one of the guy’s laps. She slid her pussy down his cock, while his friend watched with his throbbing dick between his hands. She moved her hips, impaling her tight pussy on his huge cock, moaning loudly. Her other special friend was getting impatient, so she switched gears and stood up to ride him too. The two cocks drilled her tight holes, and she made sure to milk both of them right. While one of the boys was pounding her in doggy style, his friend and his cock were in her face, ready to cover her pretty face with tasty cum. She moved her hips to meet his thrusts and while he was hitting her G-spot, and bringing her closer and closer to the edge, she opened her big mouth and welcomed the warm jizz to make a mess out of her pretty face. It was the biggest cumshot she had ever seen, he shot one load on her forehead, in her eye, in her mouth, pouring all over her happy face! She started moving more in sync with the guy behind her. Soon the second guy was ready to unload another huge cumshot, splashing all over her face! The sperm was literally dripping down her face. They both had came once, but the little cum slut had a long way before she was ready to cum, and her pussy was only getting started. Her tight pussy and her mouth made the boys keep cumming all over her. Soon her entire body was covered in cum.