My friend, Happy Thanksgiving to you! Mouthwatering MILF was so excited to see her stepson at Thanksgiving. Before he had left for college they fucked all summer. She had never been brought to such amazing orgasms by anyone but her stepson. She was at her sexual peak and needed to feel a hard cock inside, her husband couldn’t give it to her. And now she was eager to bang her stepson again. She really wanted that Thanksgiving to be special. So she was crushed when he arrived with his hot new girlfriend Kimmy! She was a total bitch to her, which made the mommy want to fuck him even more! So when they were left alone in the kitchen after the Thanksgiving dinner the hot MILF pushed her big tits in his face. He began slobbering all over her big tits, getting his mouth on every inch of her beautiful soft tit flesh. They went upstairs, and breathlessly sneaked into his bedroom. By now, she was soaking wet with the anticipation of things to come. MILF began sucking on his cock like it was the last source of sustenance on earth. He in turn, grabbed the back of her head and rammed her onto his manhood. Then she laid his young hard cock between her beautiful big tits. His horny stepmom seduced him behind his girlfriend’s back, but it didn’t take long for the little bitch to catch them! THAT’S MY DICK, BITCH! GET THE FUCK OFF! She pushed his naked stepmom off her boyfriend, jumped on him, grabbed his cock and slammed herself on it. I GONNA SHOW HOW I FUCK MY BOYFRIEND!   She began riding him reverse cowgirl, going balls deep, grinding her pelvis in circles on his cock, twerking and smiling! Within a minute I was cumming all over his cock again and screaming as my body convulsed with pleasures. The MILF was jealous as hell. She quickly sat on his face, smothering him with her pussy. She fucked herself until she orgasmed in his mouth. Both hot naked girls were cumming all over him. His girlfriend’s orgasm was intense, it looked like it was never going to stop. Her whole body was quivering as she bounced on him faster and faster. Both girls turned their attention to his cock. Each was licking one side of it unable to hide their delight at the size of his manhood. He was lying with his hands behind his head and looking down on his unit as it received this attention. From mouth to mouth, the both sucked his cock and his balls. It was now the mom’s turn for an orgasm. When his girlfriend went to rubbing her pussy in his face, the MILF straddled him and mounted his cock. Beautiful naked woman immediately started bouncing her plump booty up and down, working her ass like her life depended on it. All the time she was letting out moans of delight. She was enjoying every minute of the precious gift he had given her. She kept looking over at his face; he was enjoying it too. Both hot naked girls took turns riding and cumming all over his cock in a sloppy, competitive threesome. The dude was so turned on at this point, he could feel his orgasm building up inside. When he had emptied his balls on them, the girls kissed passionately as they swapped his cum. Their lips and tongues were slick with his batter and they licked every drop off of their faces.