He was hoping for a quiet day off, but when he saw his boss’ name displayed on the phone, he knew that he would get anything but rest. He took a deep breath before answering. His boss spoke loudly and quickly, asking him to take care of his daughter. Maybe it won’t be too bad playing the babysitter for an afternoon. He put the phone down, and sat on the couch, waiting for the teenage menace to arrive. His doorbell rang soon enough, and when the door swung open, he was face to face with a petite and pouting blonde. He knew her pretty well, and he knew that she was going to make this day harder for him. Every time he saw her in the office, wreaking havoc all over the place, reminded him how annoying she was. After she walked inside, he tried going back to his nap, letting her relax in the living room. She nodded at his instructions, and after waiting a few minutes, she sneaked into his room. The little slut hovered above his bed, fixing her eyesight on the bulge in his pants. The girl couldn’t resist touching it, but that woke him up. She ran out of the room, playing hide-and-seek with him. The tiny girl knew that spending his time trying to find her would make him crazy. She was barely 5 feet tall! Then she proposed a game of hide-the-sausage, and if he declined, she would tell her dad that he had touched her. He swiftly took off her shorts, and grabbed her by the wait, holding the small girl upside down, so that her mouth would be closer to his cock, and her pink pussy directly in his face. She sucked him off while he teased her slit with his tongue.   He started walking back to his room, throwing her on the duvet. Young naked girl looked up to him, with lust in her eyes, and he bent her over the bed. Her tiny body barely took up any space, and he positioned himself behind her. His throbbing cock pummeled into her, making her scream with pleasure. As I watched her little pussy to take that huge cock I thought that there was no way she was going to fit all of that. Life is full of surprises!  He thrust deep inside of her, brushing against her clitty, and giving her the hard pounding she deserved. But she wanted more, so she begged and begged until he let her turn around. The tiny naked girl smirked at him, pulling her legs up, and hiding her feet behind her head. She was flexible, and she wanted to feel him deeper, without her legs getting in the way. He drilled her pussy hard and fast, making both of them moan loudly. He grabbed her hair, pounding so hard into her petite body, the whole bad was rocking back and forth. Her orgasm seemed to continue endlessly. While his orgasm was approaching, he felt her walls grip his shaft tighter. Her tightness made him spill his cum inside of her, filling her little body with his sticky essence.