Nothing better than two young naked girls rubbing their young wet pussies against each other! Sitting on the bed, and looking into her eyes, she felt something come over her. A strange feeling washed over her body, and she couldn’t control her body anymore. She felt her body lean closer to her blonde friend sitting next to her on the bed. She cupped her face with one hand and gently pressed her lips against hers. Her mind was racing, and she was expecting to be rejected, but all she felt was her lips kissing her back. Both girls opened their eyes at the same moment, and what was a sweet and gentle kiss, now turned into a more hungrily and filled with lust make-out session. The brunette reached the hem of her shirt, pulling it down to free blondie’s tits. She leaned over, and teased her nipples with her wet tongue, while her other hand found its way to her soaking panties. She smiled to herself, feeling her wetness on her fingers. She pushed her back on the bed and in one swift motion took off the rest of her clothes. She positioned herself between her legs, running her tongue across her thigh, lovingly kissing her pussy mound, smelling the musky aroma of her pussy, touching her clit with her tongue. The girl looked up, still half unbelieving that she was there, lying between the legs, her lips kissing with her pussy lips, her tongue slipping inside her, her nose grazing her little clitoris. She kept licking her slit until she was shaking above her. She only stopped to catch her breath, and the blondie took the opportunity to flip them over, and give her a taste of her own medicine. But she didn’t get to enjoy it for too long, because the brunette had a better idea. She positioned herself between her legs and pressed her pussy against hers. The naked girls started moving their hips, making their slits slam hard into each other, and mixing their juices together. The young lesbians could feel their clits burning with pleasure, and they were hungry for more. So the girls kept tongue fucking their pussies and licked each other’s assholes until either of them couldn’t stop shaking. 