The library was empty, except the new librarian stacking books, nothing else made any noise in the whole section. She was finishing up a section, when a young couple walked in, and she caught a glimpse of the boyfriend looking at her big ass. She ignored their loud voices and went on with her job. But as she was stacking books, the couple continued to argue. The petite brunette girlfriend was trying to study, while her horny boyfriend was desperate to play with all of her holes. He got under the table and tried to remove her panties but his hard working girlfriend was focused on the final exam tomorrow! ‘If you get good grades, I promise I will suck four generations of cum out of your balls!’ Since her charms didn’t work on him, she simply took off her panties and gave them to him to jerk off. He wrapped the soft satin pair of her panties around his cock, and slowly began to work up and down. He tried to get lucky again, he stood up and shoved his cock in her face. This time his girlfriend just shut the book and nailed the tip of his cock! But the curvy librarian crept up on him, and decided to lend him a hand, and her mouth to make him cum. When the dude went to a dusty part of the library to rub one out, he met the frisky librarian. The curvy babe grabbed his cock, got on her knees and began sucking the head of his cock, looking up at him! His girlfriend’s white panties were still around his cock. The crazy slut didn’t stop sucking his cock even when his girlfriend came up, looking for the librarian. She didn’t catch them, at least this time. Horny librarian sucked him off, but both of them needed more. So she pulled her panties down, and massaged his haft with her slit.   Essentially, he was fucking her between the thighs! He soon came all over her panties. The almost got caught by the girlfriend, and if it weren’t for his semen dripping out of her, the girlfriend would’ve never suspected anything. Yes you heard right, his sperm leaked out of the librarian’s cunt and dripped on his girlfriend’s forehead! When she tasted it she recognized the taste of her boyfriend’s cum! Their voices grew louder and louder until the librarian had enough and she led both of them to their desk. She pulled her cum soaked panties and made his girlfriend lick it clean. When his girlfriend was busy licking cum off the panties, he was kissing with the librarian. Then the girls both started sucking his cock. One by one swallowing his cock, licking and kissing his cock, and sucking on his balls. Horny librarian made the collage girl jump on her boyfriend’s cock, while she played with her nipples. He wrapped his hands around her waist to guide her hips, while looking at the busty librarian and wshing to fuck her too. As if both of them read her mind, the girls switched, and let him pound the librarian from behind. The loud sound of his hips slapping against her big ass echoed in the library. He fucked her from behind while she had her tongue stuck in his girlfriend’s pussy. Watching the naked girls tease each other made him cum faster than usual. His cum spread in her tunnel, and when he pulled his cock out, his cum was once again dripping out of the sexy librarian. His girlfriend dove right in, greedily lapping his cum out of her cunt.