This is the part-3 of Naughty Nannies! Sammie moved in with her friend, to a new nanny job. She was lucky enough that her friend Courtney let her move in with her, and put in a good word with her boss. More precisely, she seduced the older man, making him fuck her so good that I don’t think she will be able to walk straight for the rest of the week. Her friend Sammie wasn’t know for being a good girl as well, so when she was left alone with the man and her friend Courtney wasn’t home, she took advantage of a rare opportunity to fuck his brains out. While the little slut was getting out of the shower, she heard voices downstairs, and decided to go check what the fuss was about. She saw her old boss down there. She remembered how she got fired because she fucked him, and his wife found out about them. But she didn’t regret doing it, it was fun for her to toy with his huge cock, and sneak around. It didn’t take her long before she said that she would gladly fuck her new boss too. She had let her bath robe fall open showing that she was fully naked underneath the robe. She looked like pure sex, with her perky tits, a cute little triangle of pubic hair on her pussy mound and her firm butt and her eyes glazed with lust! Her boss wrapped his hands around her throat and lead her to the couch. He spread open her legs, and started licking her slit getting her ready for his cock. The nanny was impatient, so she pushed him off of her, and started sucking on his dick. He let her have her fun for a few minutes before placing her on the couch, on all fours and slamming his rod inside of her! He wrapped his hand around her leg, pulling it up to rest on his knee, while he pushed himself even deer inside of her, making her scream out with pleasure. Her young pussy felt so tight and amazing that he was hard pressed not to come instantly as he pressed into her until his balls were touching her wet pussy lips. He fucked the naughty nanny until her legs were shaking and until she was begging him to let her cum. 