This cute brunette moved out of the college dorms with her friend, to have more privacy with her boyfriend, and escape from the chaotic dorm life. But her boyfriend has been spending too much time at their place, and she didn’t always have the energy to milk his dick, whenever he wanted her to. It was one of those days when she had too much laundry to catch up to, and her boyfriend has been feeling frisky since the moment they got out of bed. She managed to keep his hands away from her and carry on with her chores. But when her boyfriend walked in the kitchen and saw a huge ass peeking from out of the fridge, he thought his girlfriend came up for a snack, so he decided to sneak behind her and tease her a little. His greedy hands sneaked up on the girl, and he massaged her tits, before pulling down her denim shorts and slipping his fingers in her dripping slit. He started pumping his two digits in and out of her wet cunt, hearing her moans escape her throat. His cock started throbbing, so he got up and spun the girl around, coming face to face with his girlfriend’s roommate! He was rendered speechless, so he pulled up his pants and ran out of the kitchen. But his girlfriend watched the whole scene play out, and she confronted her roomie. Instead of getting angry, the roommate pulled up her skirt and placed the brunette on the kitchen counter, and started fingering and licking her slit. It wasn’t long before the girls were hiding in the bedroom, and toying their cunts with a big vibrator.   The girls forget all about him when they rubbed their pussies against each other, scissoring around a vibe, squirting all over each other. The dude heard their moans, and as he walked into the room, he saw both of them cumming and squirting all over him. But the hot naked girls wanted more, so they pulled him on the bed, taking off his clothes and wrapping their mouths around his shaft. His surprised look changed into a one of pure pleasure. He let these girls make his cock hard again, and once he was ready, he pulled one of them up to sit on his face, while placing the other on his lap. The girls rode out both of their orgasms, squirting again and drenching all the participants with their juices. These girls used his cock just how they wanted till all three of them were totally soaked. But he was ready to take them this time, so he quickly got up, flipped the girls over, and placed one on top of the other. He stood behind them, watching as their juices dripped from the top girl to the one closer to the bed. He started drilling the roommate first, letting his girlfriend take care of herself until he switched between their holes and he made them cum and squirt again, covering the bed with all of their lady cum. But he wasn’t done with these sluts yet, he still had a lot of pent-up energy, and he wasn’t going anywhere until his spunk was all over their perky tits and huge asses. 