Blake’s bestie invited her to stay at her place, to do chores around the house as well as to be her boyfriend’s ‘temporary girlfriend’! She didn’t want him to cheat on her with some slut, it would be better if her best friend took care of his big black cock. And the blondie didn’t get just a place to crash, but a fine black sausage to help her fall asleep as well. The BBC was thrilled to meet his voluptuous goddess that was on his couch. His girlfriend was not around and this white chick was yummy. He joined her on the sofa, sliding his hand over her buxom body. That blonde babe had some curves and his stick loved them. As it slowly kept rising, he took it out of the pants and pushed the girl’s head. And the babe didn’t mind it. She started gagging on that dark tool, trying to please her friend’s boyfriend. What she had between the legs was burning and much more critical. But before she received it, she was slurping that massive lollipop as the hunk kept pushing her head to make her go deeper. But it didn’t end there, as he had to reach that white pussy as well. Later that day the boy found his temporary girlfriend in the kitchen and approached her from the back. Her fine ass was so tempting, so he grabbed it as he was taking her panties down. They were drenched, just like her twat. Slowly, he pushed his stiff stick down that warm hole and started banging her gently. But a cheating skank like this one needed a good pounding, so he pulled her hair and grabbed her neck. The chick was moaning all the time, and he intensified the drilling. He kept hitting her from behind with his balls, slapping that pale ass harder and louder. Her big bubble ass was in the air and her soft tits were swaying and hanging down, and he was holding her ass while he pushed his huge cock into her pussy hole. He finished her off in the bedroom, causing her soaked cunt to explode. He could fuck her anytime, anyplace, anywhere. His temporary girlfriend was used in every sexual manner he could think of today. Watch more the freeuse videos! 