I walked through the front door, expecting to see my girlfriend around the living room, relaxing, but the sight I came across made all of my senses tingle. She had her back to me, and all I could see was her juicy ass peeking out of her short, cheerleader skirt. She looks so sexy in her cheerleader uniform. I slowly walked up behind her, and as if she could feel my presence, she turned around and a cheeky smile was plastered on her cute face. She took a few steps back, not letting me touch her. Her delicate hands grabbed the hem of her top, and in one swift motion, it was gone. The skirt didn’t require too much assistance taking it off. In a matter of minutes, my girl was naked in front of me, and all I could think about was how I wanted to see her beautiful body above me, as she rode me senselessly. Maybe she read my mind because this girl turned on her heels, and marched towards the master bedroom. I stood at the doorway, watching her lay down on the bed, and take her favorite toy. She spread her legs open, so I could see everything she was doing clearly. Her toy entered her, and she let out a low moan, making my dick even harder. This redhead hottie was teasing me, and I couldn’t take it anymore. So I kneeled in front of her, and licked her soaking wet slit, focusing on her swollen clit. She whimpered and moaned above me, signaling that she was ready to take my cock inside of her. Both of us were tired of teasing, and in one swift motion, she spread her legs, giving me access to her tight hole. I slammed my cock inside of her, never bringing my pace down, so she could adjust to my size. She didn’t seem to mind feeling me pumping my shaft in and out of her.   It wasn’t long before I spilled my jizz inside of her. It was a sensation that always made her cum too, the feeling of my cum filling her vagina. A steady stream of cum was leaking out of her still throbbing pussy. But she begged and craved more. So I laid back on the bed, letting her climb in my lap, and impaled her cum filled cunt on my dick. She started moving her beautiful hips around, at first painfully slow. She made sure I knew she was in control, and she is here to take what she wants. This girl needs my cum inside of her, and that’s what she’s gonna get. Her pace quickened, and as her ass slapped against my skin, I felt another orgasm approaching. I let go, and let the sensations take over my body, while she screamed above me, taking every last drop of my spunk. But we were far from done. She turned her back to me, resuming her naughty actions, with a lot more force and speed. MAKE ME CUM!! GIVE ME THAT CREAMPIE! I could feel she was close, so I lifted up my hips to meet her thrusts, and cum in her one more time making her orgasm on top of me. I shot load after load deep inside her pussy. I looked down and there were gobs of cum all over her legs, crotch, and pussy. There was cum everywhere. It was a beautiful site.