The only thing this mom thinks of is how to get pregnant. Once again, she sits in the bathroom, looking at the negative pregnancy test through her nerdy glasses. Another disappointment! The moment she stays alone in the house, she starts snooping around her stepson’s room and finds a fuck toy, a flashlight, is on the young man’s table, filled with spunk! After dipping her fingers in and tasting the jizz, she suddenly has a crazy idea! She decides to rub her stepson’s cum into her vagina! The woman takes her panties off and picks the remaining sperm from the toy, shoving it deep inside her cunt. She is so turned on by the process that she begins masturbating. She is not alone anymore – her stepson is watching her rub her clit, amazed by the sensational sight. After another negative test, the MILF hops into the cutest outfit and sets herself on a kinky mission – seduce her stepson and let him impregnate her! Although he is disturbed at first, the MILF finds a way to extract the seed from the dick. After flashing her round, natural tits at the young guy, and her naked pussy through the crotchless panties, she goes fully naked. The moment she sees a boner inside the man’s pants, she takes the cock out and gives it a good and sloppy blowjob, combining hands stroking with passionate deepthroating. Her skilled tongue works its magic on the shaft, and the spit lubricates the pecker, getting it ready for the titty fucking session. The stepmommy now stands butt naked, revealing a moist snatch with a tidy bush on top of it, proposing that they go to the big bed and commence the sperm-milking session. Now it’s her pussy turn to please the mighty cock. The beautiful dark-haired naked woman rides the dick with passion, biting her juicy lips during the process. Her dark eyes roll in pleasure as she moans and begs for more, thinking about the man’s jizz slowly stirring up inside his swollen balls. Her hips move in a circular motion, grinding on top of the stiff dick, while her hands cup the magnetic tits with a pair of big, round areolas. The stud is now all relaxed, making his stepmother giggle from all the joy his pecker has been pumping deep inside. The sight is so over the top that the guy’s shaft turns into a jizz-spraying machine that gushes fluid deep inside the slutty MILFs snatch, leaving it oozing the liquid. Her cunt milks every last drop of the stepson’s sperm. 