A sultry chick might have been tiny, but her sex appeal was over the top. In the mood for sex, she lost her bikini, revealing a pair of small and firm titties underneath. Pussy was shaved and wet, and the bubbly charm of her bouncy ass was out of this world. There she was, young and fully naked by the pool, hopping up and down a large ball, teasing me. Gorgeous nasty teen slut with AMAZING titties and sweet pussy! Trying to cool her fiery cunt off, she sprayed it with water, sliding her finger along the length of her tender slit. Now on a floater, the young seductress treated herself with a passionate rubdown. Her young pussy was now gushing with her juices. I couldn’t help tasting her sweet young pussy, licking all the juice coming out of the twat and nibbling on the clit! The teen babe shrieked as my tongue worked it’s way along her soft and virginal pussy lips and up to her engorged clitoris. As I swallowed her sweet taste into me I opened my mouth and was flooded with her forbidden flavour, the sweetest fruit I had ever tasted. My tongue fucked the hottie’s hole, encouraging her to get up and reciprocate. My cock was so long and fat that the young vixen barely put it in her mouth, drooling uncontrollably. 1 of THE BEST blowjobs I’ve ever had! Her bubbly spit was all over the shaft, and her eyes tore up from the intensity of such a raw face fucking. After sucking my balls, the young naked girl let my rod enter her beautiful bald pussy missionary style.   There was fierce resistance at first just to take the very tip of my cock into her tight pussy, but when I finally popped inside her I was overcome with emotion. To spice things up, the girl began rubbing her greedy cunt, encouraging me to give it to her balls deep. With one final move I pushed it deep inside her, feeling her flower blossom over me. I began slamming my hips forward to drive my hard cock deep into her hot hole. Over and over I fucked her. My balls were slapping against her asshole with every thrust. Now on top, the slender nymphet jumped up and the mighty tool, going from slow and sensual to fast and hard. I marvelled at her beautiful body as it shaked with lust on top of me. Her large breasts were shaking on top of me. She was humping me softly as she lifted herself off me, only slightly, and squealed in delight as she crashed back onto me, squeezing her ass cheeks. Then she rode me hard and fast, slamming herself hard down onto my cock. She squealed in delight and I looked at the sight of the young teen impaled on my thick throbbing cock. Her hands moved to her perky tits where she stroked and pinched her nipples. I revelled in the feeling of her tender body exploding on top of me, she was entirely taken over by her orgasm. Then we dud it on the floater, grunting and moaning in unison. The petite knockout loved to be on top, and she continued the riding but now reverse cowgirl style. Her bald pussy lips were splashing into the puddle of her juices formed at the base of my cock. She came all over me and collapsed on top of me. When the girl finally got her breath back she kneeled on the floater, now enduring rough doggy-style railing. While holding her cute ass cheeks, I slammed in and out of her young cunt, soon making it pulsate in a powerful orgasm again. 