Sitting her pretty little ass on the curb, she hoped to see the requested ride pull up soon to her location. But her phone was dead, and she was slowly losing all hope of getting home in a comfortable car. A few minutes passed, and a car on the opposite side of the street pulled over, and two guys asked her if she was alright. The cute girl stood up and walked over to the car, explaining her troubling situation. The guys took pity on her, and offered to take her home themselves, and help her charge her phone. She accepted and sat in the back seat with one of the guys. It didn’t take her long to spread her legs allowing the guy sitting next to her to slip his hand down her shorts. He toyed with her soaking wet slit, and swollen clit, until the driver pulled over, and got into the backseat with them. Both of them pulled their pants down, showing her their huge and hard cocks. Teen girl wrapped each hand around their rods, while they toyed with her sweet pussy. Soon in the house they pushed the petite brunette on the couch. Her clothes disappeared from her beautiful body, and she sucked and bobbed her head on each of their cocks, moving her mouth from one cock to the other while tugging at the opposite. Her most common masturbation fantasy of getting spit roasted by two guys was about to come true. Cute naked girl bent over to take one of their dicks into her soaking wet hole while keeping her eager mouth on the other. Her pussy ached and gripped around the big shaft. The guys took turns fucking her pussy and mouth. One grabbed her by the hair as she swallowed his cock, her eyes watering as she gagged, the other one thrust into her, pausing balls deep before pulling back and pounding her hard again. They changed positions and switched holes when they felt like it, never leaving her pussy unsatisfied. Finally, both guys began to cum, one by one they began to shoot their cum on her face. Naked girl opened her mouth and stuck out her pink tongue to catch the cum as it rained down on her face. She began using her tongue to gather up the cum covering her face and licking it up. That was another fantasy fulfilled! 