Her legs were spread as she was laying in her bed, next to her sleeping husband. She couldn’t resist touching herself, and the closer her hand got to her slit, she wished her husband would wake up and take her, however she wanted. But that was merely wishful thinking because his snores keep interrupting her steady rhythm. So she reached into her favorite drawer and pulled out a huge riding toy. She took her fine ass outside and placed the toy under the hung hammock. The horny young wife sat down, pulled down her shorts, and lowered her soaking wet pussy to her toy. Her loud moaning captured her neighbor’s attention, and a prvert walked over to her with his huge boner in his hand, ready to give her everything both her husband and toy couldn’t. She welcomed his shaft with lust in her eyes, and not wanting to waste any time, she wrapped her lips around his tip and proceeded to suck him off. He was ready to give her the pleasure she was dreaming about – to get fucked by a huge cock right in the hammock. But before he could do that, her husband made his way downstairs. The neighbor quickly hid below her, but as she kissed her husband goodbye, he slipped his fingers in her wet slit, giving her a taste of what’s to cum. As soon as he left, the little pervert came out of the hiding spot, and he banged this lonely redhead housewife from behind, spreading her ass cheeks and going deeper and deeper inside of her with every thrust. His pace was quickening now and her ass cheeks were slapping on his thighs. His big rod brushed over her sweet spots, making her orgasm approach faster. She started moving her body back into him, meeting his hips mid-way and pushing him even deeper and harder inside of her. After she caught her breath she quickly jumped on top of me. Riding him hard. Twerking her big ass on his cock. He grabbed her ass and squeezed it, pounding balls deep into her. Her pussy couldn’t take it any longer, and as she came from her high, he emptied his tank inside of her. 