Avery, a delightful English tutor, is touring the French countryside, completely ignorant of the delights that await her. She enters the lavish estate and meets Sonya, her new student. Although she is an excellent teacher, the light-haired vixen has a mischievous side that emerges whenever Sonya’s boyfriend is around. Avery comes up with thrilling ways to encourage her student to learn English, and her ways always include nudity. Today’s lesson is on gag reflex, and after getting the wrong answer, the boyfriend gets to stand naked outside the mansion. The erotic vixens begin undressing, kissing, and exploring one other’s bodies while he is away. When the guy walks into the room, the naked girls are seductively caressing their pussies on a bed. He joins the chicks, stirred by the seductive sight, and gets a blowjob right away. Two naked girls team up for a double blowjob, taking turns worshipping the lengthy shaft. It really looks strong and veiny. Avery is determined to shove the tool down her throat while Sonya pays close attention to the guy’s shaved balls. Avery teaches her young nubile student how to talk dirty while she’s sharing her boyfriend with another woman! It doesn’t get any better than that.   The teen is the first to ride the dong, and she does it reverse cowgirl style, while her wild tutor gives her clit a good rub. Avery wants to try the sultry pose, too, so she mounts the guy and impales on the rod fast and hard. Repeatedly slamming herself down on the enormous weapon she begins to cum all over him. He plows it deeper and harder as she starts cumming on his cock again. Slender pussycat now enjoys raw missionary banging, letting Avery see the cock disappear inside her slippery snatch. What a beautiful and erotic woman she is! The girls keep kissing and licking each other’s tongues. Threesome turns out to be too exciting for the young belle, soon turning her pussy into a pulsating sensation. Doggy style railing does wonders for the teacher’s cunt, and the combination of pounding and intense rubbing treats her body with a powerful orgasm. Still wanting more, Avery cums all over the cock while invaded sideways. She begin screaming with pleasure, telling them how much she like feeling his balls slapping against her clit. That makes him lose control, he yells to his the girls that he is cumming and his cock begins to unleash his monster load of cum. The naked girls welcome a shower of cum on their gorgeous faces. The video is a real blast. Two gorgeous, shaved women – a really turn-on mood set-up and the sex is really beautiful and incredibly lustful at the same time. 