I came back to my hometown for a few days, and as I was driving my expensive car down the road, I knew I would turn some heads, but never hers. When I parked and decided to go walk around the town that held too many memories, a gorgeous but mean chick walked up to my car. She tried to strike up a conversation with me, but the more she talked, the more I wanted to tell her off for everything she and her friends did to me in school. As soon as I started talking back to her, and told her everything I resented her for, she was quick to tell me how she wants to make it up to me. I looked at her confused. She explained how she wants me to pound her as hard as she was mean to me. I signaled her to get in my car, and I quickly drove back to my place. We walked inside, and as soon as the front door closed, she was on her knees, ready to take my cock into her mouth. I let her unzip my pants, and take my dick out. Her eager mouth wrapped around my dick, and she sucked me off like a slut. I dreamed about this moment in high school, and now I finally had the most popular girl in school, back at my place milking my cock. She stuck her tongue out, and I pointed the tip of my prick there, slapping her tongue with it. I kept slapping her big tits with my cock before she devoured it again. I pulled her up and helped her to pull down her panties. Her shaved and tight pussy was already ready for me. I pressed my cock between her ass cheeks like a hot dog in a bun. My dick just found its way in to her welcoming pussy and her vagina gripped my shaft. The more I drilled her slit, the tighter she got. Her pussy walls squeezed my cock so hard when I made her cum for me, I felt my orgasm getting closer to the edge. She sat back on a barstool. Lifting her legs up, so I could fuck her like that. All I could think about was her big tits bouncing in my face when she rode me. After a few more thrusts, I spilled my jizz inside of her, and finally realized I fucked the most popular girl in school. 