My dazzling girlfriend loves anal, and I love pounding that sweet ass of hers. She loves extended foreplay, too, playing with her orifices for my viewing pleasure, until she spots a bulge underneath my pants. I was in for a real show the other night – my favorite blondie was on a bed, wearing a rainbow bodysuit that stretched across her fit body, while her colorful fuck toys were lying beside her. She stroked her shaved pussy, and squeezed her all-natural titties while giving me one of those fuck-me looks. The hard and juicy nipples on her small boobs were standing up, proving the immense level of excitement flooding her impressive figure. With one movement, she undid the skimpy lingerie and flashed her bald snatch at me. The moment she began licking her fingers, I knew I was gonna witness a raw masturbating session. Knowing that my sexy naked girl loves tantalizing me with such shows, I knew she was gonna pay attention to every humid spot on her impressive body. Wearing nothing but leg warmers, my girlfriend reached anal beads, which she shoved all the way in her tight asshole. An enormous dildo was next to penetrate, and she dipped it balls deep in her little asshole. That was it. I couldn’t handle it anymore, so I took the toy and fucked her butt with it while exploring the wetness of her pussy with my fingers. My babe turned her attention toward my dick next. While laying on her tummy, she began stroking it, swirling her cute tongue around the tip of my shaft.   The blowjob was sensual at first, but the urge to feel the pecker hit her throat soon overwhelmed her. She gagged on my cock, drooling all over it. I guided her to lie down while I pummeled her pussy missionary style. Holding her legs up, the loveable vixen looked at me, nibbling her delicious lips. She moaned and giggled, watching my penis drill the hell out of her cunt. The first creampie soon filled the inside of her twat, but I got another boner so soon that I kept pumping. The jizz oozed down her snatch, lubricating the asshole that I had wanted to invade. I embedded my cock inside the narrow back passage. When my babe turned around, I banged her doggy style, and a river of spunk filled her butt with the oozy fluid. There she was, hovering above my tool, dripping cum all over me, waiting for another anal riding endeavor. I moved my hips up and down to insert the shaft as deep as possible, and her smile encouraged me to keep going, filling her back hole with my jizz multiple times. She nibbled her juicy lips while my hands groped her butt cheeks and stuffed her ass. I filled her holes with my hot cum, making her slender body shake and tremble in utter joy. I hadn’t forgotten about the slippery pussy of hers, fucking it with my lubricated dong, but it looked like she was really into anal creampies. I kept going until every last drop of my sticky seed found its way to the butt hole of my beautiful girlfriend.