His roommate is a sensational vixen, boasting long, blonde hair, a pair of perky boobs, and a cock-craving cooch that constantly needs hardcore attention. She is on a bed, wearing nothing but black boots, pinching her pierced nipples while a pink toy rails her bald cunt. When he walks in on her, the sensual doll reveals that she is ready for a challenge and teases the guy into giving it a shot. He’ll have to pay her half of the rent if she can make him cum in 24 hours! The self-assured man is certain that he will triumph, oblivious to the fact that this vixen means business. The sexy babe approaches him a few minutes later while he is reclining on a sofa, wearing a little skirt and a black thong. She approaches him after losing the pants and rubs her naked pussy against his cock, giving him a long and passionate kiss while feeling his tool rising inside his jeans. Too horny to resist her sexy charms, the stud bends her petite body and invades her pussy doggy style. Her moans encourage him to go faster and deeper, and the softness of the blonde’s natural boobs almost pushes him over the edge. He keeps going, pummeling the hell out of his roommate’s cunt, while her firm booty jiggles underneath. She thinks it’ll be pretty easy to make him cum in her pussy but the dude somehow stops and pulls his cock out. Later the horny cum slut starts the session with a sloppy blowjob outdoors. This time, she uses her lips and throat to milk the dick, combining the sucking with soft strokes. The girl is smiling, getting ready for his load. She is trying her best to make him cum in her mouth, but again, he pulls out right before he is about to cum.   After a day of endless fucking and sucking, can she finally topple his iron willpower? The banging takes place in a bedroom now, with the insatiable stunner sitting on top of him and his cock is impaled all the way inside of her wet throbbing pussy. It seems like that whatever she does, she can’t win the challenge. The stud boasts incredible stamina and a powerful dick that can fuck for hours. Thinking that a ride would ensure a win, the beautiful anked girl moving her hips to feel the pecker deeper inside her twat. While squeezing his lover’s superb butt cheeks, the dude picks up speed, making the skinny temptress scream and beg for more. To add more excitement, the slutty bimbo stares at her lover while riding his dong, sliding up and down his slippery shaft like a wild cowgirl. Her small coconuts now bounce around while pierced nipples stand up, hard and juicy. Aware of the fact that she is going to cum, the temptress closes her eyes and slows down, moving her fingers over her sensitive button. She reaches an orgasm, leaving the manhood covered with sweet pussy juices. The only thing left to do is try to extract that precious cum during missionary style banging. Rocking her hips up and down and touching her supple boobs and clit, the vixen finally reaches the goal. Feeling his orgasm approaching, he tries to pull out but she has trapped him with her ankles locked around behind his back. Her cum hungry vagina begins to milk his cock of all his juice! A river of warm jizz fills the inside of the velvety cunt, signifying her victory over a stubborn cock.