The teen boy has never seen a real pussy in person. All he saw was in porn. With a busty mommy and a hot stepsister in the house, his thing was hard all the time. His young pecker needed real action asap. One day his stepmom caught him touching himself while spying on his stepsister. The teen girl was tossing around, doing yoga and he couldn’t stop staring at her with his hand stroking his cock. The MILF decided to give the teens a precious lesson on pussy and cock action. It seems that they never had a fuck, so the mommy wanted to talk with them about the birds and the bees. After all, he didn’t need to jerk off when there was a young wet pussy in the house! She made his sister strip and stretched her pussy to show how it looked like. The young girl got fully naked and it was the first time he saw a naked pussy. The mom told the girl stuck her cute little ass in the air so her stepbrother could alse take a look at her asshole. Then she told the guy to lick those small nipples before she let her massive muffins out. He could play with his sister’s small titties and his stepmom’s huge boobs. The MILF instructed the boy to get down on his sister’s pussy. She taught him how to find the clit and how to lick her slit. After his first bite, it was time to teach the girl how to please a man. She was a eighteen year old virgin who had never seen a cock before and her brother’s young pecker seemed so tempting. Mommy was there to help her, told her how to suck him off, kiss and lick his cock and balls. She watched the teens performing oral sex for the first time as her own pussy was burning from hotness. The MILF got naked too and joined the teen girl. Both girls were now naked, blowing his young pecker together. He was all set up to get inside the young twat. The petite pussycat opened her legs as he started banging her. Meanwhile, mommy sat on the chick’s face to give her a lesson on pussy eating. Her virgin pussy was so sensitive that she came immediately, squirting all over her stepbrother. The girl was picking up the tricks quickly, but the naughty mom wanted a ride of her own. So she let the boy feel a real twat and even topped it with cream. 