After recovering from COVID Mick was assigned to do at-home recovery and his nurse was doing her weekly check-in. His beautiful nurse wasn’t very impressed, he hadn’t been keeping up with his mandatory, once-a-day orgasm treatment and now his blood pressure was a little high. She told him he had to jerk off more often to his blood circulation. When she realized that he hadn’t been following the doctor’s instructions she decided to lend a helping hand. So the nurse stood him up from the sofa, and she stood behind the white medical curtain, as he dropped his pants, and wrapped his hand around his cock. If he wanted to get better, he needed to get his cock up, and his cum out of his balls. She kneeled on the floor in front of him, and she guided him with her voice, making his cock throb for her. Then she decided to take matters into her own hands, literally. This is medical masturbation sir! After all, she is a nurse! She made him sit back on the chair, and she kneeled in front of him. The girl wrapped both of her hands around his big cock and began stroking it. Her sizzling curves enticed him, and the more he looked at her licking his cock, his boner grew more and more. At the same time she felt her juices drench her own panties. She brought her pretty face closer to the tip of his dick, feeling his pulsating cock on her lips. She couldn’t resist him any longer, so she took off her face mask, and took his cock in her eager mouth. The nurse teased his tip with her naughty tongue.   Slowly, she took more and more of his shaft, until he was fully inside of her mouth, sucking him until he was on the edge of cumming. She stopped suddenly, helping him move to the couch, and after taking off her scrubs, she begged Mick to slide it in her wet pussy and fuck her from behind. He aimed the head at the wet hole and let his massive dick sink balls deep with one hard thrust! He started fucking her so hard his balls were slamming into her pussy. He pulled it all the way out and then he thrust forward again and shoved it all the way in. Then the naked girl straddled his lap, impaling her teen cunt on his dick. He grabbed her little ass, lifting her up with his strength, and he guided her thrusts, milking his cock with her tight pink pussy. This naughty nurse felt her orgasm building inside of her. Her petite body was quivering as he pounded her with his huge cock. “You’re going to fuck my ass too?!” she screamed at him. Without even a moment’s hesitation, he rammed his hard dick hard into her cute little ass. His massive dick stretched out her anus, and she couldn’t help but let her moans escape her pretty little throat. Her screams of pleasure filled his ears and mind, pushing him to fuck her ass harder and deeper. She needed and craved to feel his cum fill her pink tunnel, and she wanted to feel his semen drip down her luscious thighs as she came off his dick. He could feel his balls filling up with cum, ready to blow a load any second. He finally let go and poured his spunk in her cunt, making her cum for him too.