My petite girlfriend has a thing for oily games, applying a lubricant all over her skinny body every time she felt the urge for orgasms. She knew I wasn’t able to resist such a boiling sight. This morning, she hopped into a tiny purple bikini and gave me one of her signature masturbation sessions with the purpose of making me lust after her gorgeous body. It worked like a charm every single time, leading us to the steamiest banging actions of my life. After applying a lubricant all over her skinny figure, my blonde lover started stroking her slippery clit, slowly losing the bottom part of the bikini. Despite her slender body, her booty still had the optimal amount of fuck flesh, and it looked heavenly with so much oil all over it. I sprayed the liquid all over her ass cheeks, watching the shiny booty shaking in front of my nose. The nymphet grabbed her vibrating toy and dipped it inside her shaved snatch. She made me watch her fuck her pink pussy with a vibrating stick, shaking and trembling in the first powerful orgasms that overwhelmed her petite figure. I whipped my cock out and offered it to my sweet, arousing blondie, who made my dong stiff and slippery with the mix of spit and oil.   After savoring every inch of my shaft, my sexy naked girlfriend mounted me, giving me a ride of a lifetime. She was sliding up and down, caressing her clit and firm titties during the rodeo. Her face said it all – the eye-rolling, open lips and the strain of her muscles were a clear signal of a new orgasm building up. Trying to feel my dong as deep as possible, my girlfriend kept going until feeling my balls slap against her firm tushy. Her white, glistening skin was a sight to see, and I explored it with my hands during the cowgirl action. The skinny tease loved to be on top but now switched to reverse style, treating me with the view of her superb butt cheeks and my cock disappearing between them. She was losing control of her body, and the slow tightening of pussy walls around my pecker was proof of another orgasm. While the hottie was on her back, I invaded her twat missionary style. I watched her ravishing figure squirm underneath my pecker and soft lips and dazzling eyes begging for more. I loved the position, too, because I got to hold my lover’s small waist while fucking the life out of her twat. Soon enough, I wanted to see that bouncy ass shake again, so I guided my blondie on her knees, pummeling her twat doggy style. As I was picking up the speed, the sight of my girlfriend’s sizzling tushy made me wanna cover it with spunk. When I felt the seed stirring up in my balls, I pulled out and let a warm streak of jizz land on the impressive, oiled-up butt cheeks of my tantalizing lover.