Friday morning started like any other, and she realized how behind she was on all of her chores. So she got her cute ass out of bed, not bothering to change out of her pajamas. The house was empty, because her husband left for work earlier taking his son, her stepson with him to school. The beautiful woman walked down the stairs and grabbed her vacuum on the way. After a while, after the first carpet was cleaned, she wanted to rest. But naughty thoughts wouldn’t let her take a nap in peace. So she pulled down her bottoms, revealing her shaved snatch. Her greedy fingers teased her swollen bean, but she needed more. She was lying there with her pajamas pants around her ankles, smiling at the idea that the vacuum cleaner could make her feel so good. The horny MILF turned it on and put the vacuum cleaner tube on her clit! The vacuum sucked in her pussy and she came almost instantly. She played with herself until she fell asleep. The MILF dozed off, not knowing her stepson was watching her. He liked the idea to jerk off with a vacuum cleaner, so he stole it and rushed to his room, to give himself the same special treatment like his stepmom. He was in the middle of beating his meat, when she barged into his room, catching him in the act. But instead of scolding him, his stepmom took off her clothes and joined in. Her mouth wrapped around his cock like a glove! Her mouth was like a vacuum cleaner around his cock. He was ready to push himself inside of her, but they were almost caught by his dad. His quick thinking saved their faces, and once they were sure he was gone, he towered over her. His dick impaled her cunt, filling her up and stretching her out. He moved his hips, thrusting deeper inside of her with every stroke. The mommy decided to show him what a real woman felt like! Her cunny gripped him tighter, making it harder for him to reach her sweet spots. The more she moved her hips in sync to his, both of them got closer to orgasming. Her big tits were bouncing up and down. His stepmother came down on him with full force, he could feel her pussy sucking vacuum around his cock as if it wanted to squeeze every single drop of cum out of him. 