This fiery redhead hottie lives her life on the edge. All she does is act up on her impulses, whenever she wants. This gorgeous girl takes what she wants, and she loves to fill up her body with adrenaline and pleasure. She found a new job, in the mountains as a ski instructor. She loved that she could go snowboarding whenever she felt like it, and she got to stay in a gorgeous hotel, rent free. Most of her students were older folk, and she learned how to be a great teacher to them. But her latest students were a couple, an older rich woman, and a young and handsome guy. The hottie took one look at him, and she knew that she wanted him, and she had to have him. While they were in the woods, both of them sneaked off to a wooded area. She dropped to her knees, and she took out his cock out of his ski pants. YES they’re doing it outside on the mountain! Her mouth worked on his shaft until his cum was dripping out of her mouth. Blowjob on the mountain is incredible! Amazing scenery and concept. Her ass and legs look great in the red jumpsuit and naked snowboarding is lovely as well. He finished before they got caught, but both of them wanted more. So he told her to meet her at midnight. She obeyed and both of them met up that night. The hot redhead babe dragged him into her room, and neither of them wasted any time. Their lips met, and they fell on the bed. She took off his clothes, while he took off hers. I love her red har hair so much and it’s such a beautiful contrast to her milky white skin and the even whiter snow around her. She has such a tight body. Wonder if her bush is as red as her hair… He laid down on the bed, while his naked ski instructor climbed between his legs, and wrapped her eager mouth around his tip. Her mouth took most of his rod inside, drenching him in her spit and making him rock-hard. Once he was ready, she pushed herself on him, riding him hard and fast. His large rooster looks so hard and muscular. Loved the lather she/they worked up and best of all, the wonderful “O” she experienced, which was magical.  After all, isn’t that what it’s all about, getting the woman off too? This girl is amazing, with an unquenchable sexual appetite. DAMN, she is a fun, wild fuck. Love the no hands face fuck to facial of the beautiful model to end. When her new lover has his big finish, she cleans him up with gusto. 