A day on the beach has never been so hot. A petite stunner was in a pink bathing suit, shaking her firm ass for her man while twirling round like a wild ballerina. The guy finally had too much, approached her, lifted the tiny girl up, and licked her juicy pussy before sliding two fingers inside. He watched the blonde bite her puffy lips, but the moans encouraged him to go even faster until the young belle came all over his fingers. Determined to taste the neat bush, the stud dived between the slippery folds, fucking the slit with his tongue. To return the sizzling favor, the petite knockout reached for her lover’s rigid dong, and impressed by its size, took it inside her mouth greedily. As her pink nipples stood up, she kept going, slurping on the dong until her cute eyes teared up from the intensity of deepthroating. The shaft was finally inside, pounding her cooch in a reverse cowgirl position. The moment her lover’s hands touched her button, the cutie tensed up her body, feeling an orgasm building up. As the shaved balls kept slapping against her clit, the ash-blonde rolled her eyes, overwhelmed by the intense sensation in her lady hole. Unbelievably horny, the petite naked girl closed her eyes and just listened to the sloppy sounds her cunt made while pounded without mercy. Still on top, but now facing her boyfriend, the skinny coquette slid up and down the shaft. Feeling it deep inside, the tart’s pussy began pulsating while getting pummeled missionary style. Multiple orgasms went through her aroused body as her strong lover held her up while railing her narrow twat. Amazingly, on the initial entry of his huge cock, that tiny ass and pussy takes in the entire length, fucking on it’s entirety with continuous energy.  In every position she seemed to strive to cause him “hit bottom,” like she couldn’t get enough of that huge pole. Doggy style pushed both lovers over the edge. The man pulled his majestic dong out and sprayed his girlfriend’s firm booty with his sticky seed. 