She is a bombshell! I knew her as the wife of one of my friends, but there was something about her plush curves that I just couldn’t resist. I went over for a visit the other day when Tru appeared, wearing a cute bodysuit that barely covered her plump ass. She danced and twirled around me, shaking the seductive fuck flesh on her tushy. Trying to stop her was futile. The brunette kept going, giving me a clear sign that she was after my dick. A pair of brownish, projecting nipples slipped outside the moment she unzipped her bodysuit, and Tru’s squeezing made them rigid and sensitive. I reached for the soft cupcakes, feeling the warmth under my fingers. As I was playing with her hooters, the brunette goddess began moaning, biting her puffy lips in arousal. There she was, rubbing her moist clit in front of me, with her eyes fixed on my boner. Overwhelmed by the alluring noises, I whipped my dong out, and she went after it like a wild tiger. In a blink of an eye, my stiff shaft was inside my friend’s wife’s mouth. Hungrily gargling on my dick, the hottest babe I’ve ever seen pumped my cock with her hands, and all I could think of was screwing her little pussy without mercy. She smiled at me as her dark eyes teared up from the intensity of deepthroating. The bouncy butt as is my face once again, and I dived between them, tasting the sweetness of my lover’s shaved twat.   Sliding inside the slippery snatch felt amazing, just as the sensation of big buttocks jiggling underneath my hands. I banged the slutty doll doggy style as she moved her hips towards me to feel the dong even deeper inside. My buddy’s naked wife hopped on a table, spread her gorgeous legs, and caressed her wet cunt for me. I invaded the velvety slit missionary style as the brunette’s delicious toes curled. I knew she was never fucked as good by the wetness of her pussy and the sultry look she gave me while I pounded her hard and deep. All I had to do now was lay back as the slut of my dreams mounted me. She was sliding up and down my shaft reverse cowgirl style, treating me with the view of her voluptuous ass. Stunner’s knockers were soon facing me while Tru continued the mind-blowing ride. I let her take things slowly at first, but the urge to fuck her brains out overwhelmed me, making me grab her hips and impale her on my cock fast and balls deep. A firm grip of pussy walls around my pecker told me that the alluring seductress reached an orgasm, leaving my dong glistening from sticky pussy juice. Her experienced lips quickly wrapped around my shaft, sucking it until loads of jizz landed on her juicy lips. She loved the salty taste and the feeling of creamy spunk slowly dripping down her chin to her bombastic cleavage!