The petite brunette hottie sat on a big sofa, waiting for the only person that can make her orgasm as if it was on demand. There had been a rumor amongst the girls at school, all the girls had been talking about the guy with a huge cock and she had been so horny from listening to them. She put on her favorite denim shorts, which made her cute bubble butt look irresistible, and a top, that barely covered her small and perky tits and came to his house. The sexy teen babe was aching to feel his hot hard cock stretching my pussy. She bent over, resting her hands on the sofa, as she moved her hips to shake her ass in his face. His hand quickly reached her ass, pulling down her shorts to watch her delicious flesh move only for him. Her tiny white thongs were ripped off of her in a matter of minutes. She was craving his taste, so she dropped to her knees, while he stood in the middle of her living room, and pulled down his pants. The girl took his cock into her dainty hands and stroked him before taking his shaft into her mouth. She teased the tip of his rod, before deepthroating him with gusto. She loved feeling her spit dripping down her chin and feeling him throb in her mouth. But he couldn’t take it anymore, so he grabbed the small naked girl by the waist, and placed her on the sofa. He placed his 9" cock at the entrance and slammed it balls deep into her wet cunt! “Oh…Agh…Fuck…” she moaned in pleasure. She was squealing as the big man rode her hard and fast. She moved her ass in rhythm with him and met his every thrust. Watching her bubble ass move around his cock, as he went in and out of her pussy drove him crazy. He pulled it out of her, and sat on the couch, letting her ride him. The naked girl pushed herself on him quickly. His huge dick brushed against her sweet spots, and the more she jumped up and down on him, the more she felt her orgasm building inside of her. His cock made her legs shake, and when she couldn’t ride him anymore, he picked both of them up, and held her in his arms, while drilling her hole. Petite girl held onto his shoulders while he was pumping his dick in and out of her, making her body fill up with pleasure. Soon her pussy was gripping on his cock harder, and both of them came together. 