Luckily, the restaurant’s bathroom was empty, so when the waitress seduced and led the inked brunette hottie in there, she didn’t have to worry about people hearing them. The blonde got on her knees, as she slid her panties down, and revealed the brunette’s soaking wet pussy. Her manicured fingers impaled her tight hole, and the restroom was filled with her piercing moans. She moved her hand at a quicker pace and it wasn’t long before she was cumming and squirting all over the bathroom! But as her juices flowed out of her, the bathroom door swung open. The brunette’s boyfriend stood in the doorway, and luckily, her juices caught him off guard, so he didn’t see the blonde spanking off to hide in one of the bathroom stalls. His girlfriend hopped off the counter, and she was quick to seduce him before he put two and two together. She dropped to her knees and pulled his pants down. His hard cock stood proud before her, and she took him in her mouth. He closed his eyes and rested his head on the mirror behind him. The blonde got out of the stall, and she kneeled behind the brunette. Her face was buried between her legs, but this time, the boyfriend noticed. Before he got too angry, his girlfriend asked him to let the waitress join them. The girls attacked his cock together. Soon both of the girls had their mouths on both sides of his cock, moving from the base, up to the head. Their tongues worked in sync and made him throbbing hard in no time. The blond was the first one to try his cock. He took her from behind and drove himself into her. Her big bubble ass was in the air and her juicy tits were swaying and hanging down. Now his girlfriend wanted some action himself. He began furiously fucking her pussy and soon she was squirting all over him! Naked blonde waitress climbed into his lap and impaled herself on his rod. Her big bubble ass jumped up and down until her legs were shaking with pleasure. Both naked girls kept riding his cock and squirting on his cock. The little sluts took his tasty jizz like two good girls. 