When a hot girl invites you for a sleepover, you don’t have second thoughts. The moment she opened the doors, I was amazed by her sexiness. White panties barely covered her firm ass, while a crop top exposed her slim waist and flawless skin. She seemed to be interested in me, making moves on me, bending over, or painting her toenails. The brunette was on a bed, cuddling with a huge teddy bear, as I felt my dong growing inside my pants. My friend giggled while starting the best striptease I have ever seen. After losing her top, a pair of gorgeous coconuts were at my disposal, but she didn’t stop there. A shaved cunny with a tidy landing strip was staring at me, naked and wet, as the stunner’s fingers stroked the sensitive clit. Moans made the slit even wetter as the feminine fingers worked their way up and down the pearl. I knew she would let me fuck her, and the arousal made my cock rock-hard. Booty shaking made me feel like a beast that barely contained the crotch urges. It was incredible that such a fit ass had so much bouncy flesh on it. When I was about to approach her, the beautiful naked girl suggested a pillow fight, smiling at me while her boobs bounced up and down. I grabbed her and spanked her cute butt, lay on top of her, as we kissed. I was so horny at this point that I just whipped my dick out, seeing the amazement in her hazel eyes. The length of my pecker didn’t frighten the belle. On the contrary, her sweet lips begged me to fuck her as I felt the tip of a wet tongue swirl around the tip of my cock. The good old 69 had always been my favorite, so I guided the girl and soon sniffed and tasted the fleshy taste of her sweet twat. I gave her a good lick, listening to her moans as she sucked and kissed my shaft. Curious about how deep my dong could go, I fucked my friend’s mouth and throat to the point of gagging. Finally, my fuck stick found its way inside the velvety snatch. I banged the sizzling chick missionary style, letting her set the pace with the movement of her hips. Once she went on all fours, I was amazed by her back and picture-perfect ass of her that moved towards my cock, just to feel it deeper. With the desire to be on top, the brown-haired doll hopped on top of me and rode me reverse cowgirl style. She worked her thing as I squeezed her natural boobs. My mission was clear – pump until she orgasms. The creamy twat pulsated under my dong, but I kept going, now watching the impressive tushy shake on top of my pecker. I felt an orgasm stirring inside my balls, but pulling out was not an option. My sweet lover was treated with a huge creampie that filled her humid box. 