The noise from the kitchen dragged the busty brunette wife out of her room. She slipped on her short denim skirt so quickly, she forgot to put on panties before going downstairs. The kitchen was packed with her husband, and the handyman, that was on the floor, under the dinner table, trying to fix the wobble. She looked at her busy husband, making the sauce for dinner, slowly walked over to the table, stepping above the handyman’s face, giving him a full view of her naked pussy. The man laying under her froze. His eyes focused on her holes, and he suddenly forgot how to twist the tools he had in his hands. The wife bent over the table a little more, still chatting with her clueless husband as if she was not trying to seduce the handyman. The slutty wife grabbed a screwdriver and pushed it inside of her asshole! Her husband finally turned around, giving her a taste of his dish, while the handyman had his face buried between her cheeks. Her husband was too proud of his sauce, and he demanded that the handyman try it also, so he quickly got out of the soaking wet situation he got himself into, and tried the sauce, spilling it all over his shirt. So the wife took this opportunity to lead him to the laundry room, to wash his shirt. Once they were alone, this hottie hopped on the washer and spread her legs to show him her dripping pussy. He toyed with her, teasing her clit with laundry clips. The man pushed his big cock into her ass, roughly, fucking the moment his cock head pressed into her asshole. His cock was fuck her ass hard, fast, pulling almost completely from her, then thrusting deep. Her husband knocked at the locked bathroom door and frightened them. He wanted his beloved wife to taste the sauce. The handyman kept fucking her in the ass from behind without stopping for a second. He went nuts on her, frantically moving from her cunt to her asshole and back, not giving her a moments rest. She tried not to moan, but she was feeling her orgasm approaching, and she needed him to cum inside of her. 