With the door opened, the red light, and quiet moans escaped and filled the house with unfamiliar tension. The priest that got the assignment to cleanse the gorgeous blonde that hid in the red room, and couldn’t stop torturing her vagina with her delicious fingers. He stood in the doorway, with his favorite nun behind him. Stepping into the room, he could feel the succubus’ energy in the air, and he realized that this mission won’t be like any other. His gaze fell back to the gorgeous blonde, dressed in red lingerie from head to toe. Her eager hands couldn’t leave her dripping wet slit alone. The woman suddenly squirted all over him, sprinkling him with her holy water! Now the exorcist was determined to make the succubus leave her body and turn her back into the lady she once was. His assistant stood back, still at the doorway, waiting to be of help if the priest needed her. The priest wrapped his strong arms around the blonde’s luscious thighs, and he pulled her to the edge of the bed. The lustful woman backed her big ass up, grinding it against his groin. The priest dropped to his knees and pushed his tongue into her tight hole. He was praying, on his knees, with his tongue slobbering all over her wet holes. Suddenly, her hands were free to play with other parts of her, while the priest was on his knees, fighting to breathe, as his tongue flickered over her sinful clit. Soon enough, the blonde needed more, more pleasure, more submissiveness, more discipline.   So she sat back on the bed, and the priest, as if he read her mind, unbuttoned his pants, and let his cock stand up before her. She didn’t waste her time and wrapped her huge lips around his rod. She sucked him off, sucking him into her mouth, not letting go until she felt his tasty essence filling her mouth. He pushed her back on the bed, spreading her legs to access her dripping wet cunt. He pushed himself inside of her, and her moans echoed across the room, soon filling the whole house with her screams. His holy cock stretched out her pussy, and he picked up his pace, drilling her harder and faster by the minute. The blonde just kept squirting and squirting and squirting! Her big tits were flying up and down all around her chest. His thrusts became sloppy, as he was getting closer to his won orgasm, and with one look he signaled to his assistant to jump in and help him. She nodded and took off her modest clothes, to reveal a big and pink strap-on under her skirt. The naked girl replaced the priest, and pounded the cute blonde, while she sucked his cock. Finally his holy sperm filled her mouth, and she blinked as if she was brought back to reality. The feeling she feared was gone and replaced with pure lust. The blonde pulled away from the brunette and helped the priest make her cum as her first good deed of redemption. 