This blonde’s husband got out of bed first, to shower and get ready for work. She watched him from the bed, not paying attention to his words, but rather checking her mental to-do list. Her day was supposed to be busy, starting with a morning training session with her favorite fitness trainer. So she finally got up, to put on her gym clothes before she showed up. This busty blonde took the time to tell her husband, to keep an eye on his son, and give him another lecture about being a little perv. Ever since she moved in with her brand new husband and his son, she felt his eyes keep tabs on her every move. She wasn’t sure if she liked the attention but seeing him get hard every time she walked into a room was getting tiring. Her husband nodded at his new curvy wife, and she walked out of the bedroom to greet her trainer. But as she walked by, she didn’t see her stepson, in his doorway, with his pants down, and with his hand on his cock, stroking it as he gazed upon her huge ass as she walked away. The trainer she hired was another blonde, with the same body type. If anyone saw them together, they would think these MILFs were twins. The girls placed their yoga mats on the floor, and their workout started.   In the middle of their routine, the girls took a break, and the blonde busty trainer went to the washroom to freshen up. The little pervert followed her inside, with his cock out, trying to catch a glimpse of her curves, not realizing he was watching the wrong MILF. She turned around and caught him red-handed, but instead of telling on him, she dropped down to her knees and wrapped her mouth around his young cock. He was taken aback, not expecting her to pleasure him. She sucked him off until his stepmom walked upstairs to find her friend. Both women went back to their workout session, but he couldn’t keep his hands off of the trainer. He sneaked up on her, tore her leggings, and pushed himself inside of her dripping hole. While he pounded his stepmom’s trainer, she was busy stretching, but she caught them soon enough. Instead of freaking out, her friend pointed out how her stepson had a nice young cock, and she couldn’t resist it. Seeing his size for herself, his stepmom looked at her friend, and both MILFs attacked his shaft with their mouths. He woke up that morning lusting after his stepmom, and now he had two beautiful hot naked women fighting to suck his cock. The trio moved to the couch. He sat down, and one of the hotties rode him while licking the slit of the other. His stepmom even squirted a bit of her juices! He was caught in the middle of a sizzling milf sandwich, and he felt his orgasm building. These slutty MILFs milked his cock until they were satisfied.