The cramp in her arm spread from her fingers to her wrists, and she couldn’t take rubbing her clit endlessly, without getting the desired results. She needed the real thing, she needed to feel her tunnel get stretched out, pounded hard and filled with a warm load. So she took her hand out of her panties, closed the porn on her phone, and opened the delivery app. Her doorbell rang, and she jumped out of her bed and raced to the front door to open it. The guy in front of her was tall and skinny, holding the big box she ordered. She invited him in, to set the box down on the floor. Once he was inside, and she closed the door, she pushed the delivery guy to the wall, pulling down his pants. His cock stood before her, and her eyes lit up with excitement! Her mouth wrapped around his tip, while her eager hands stroked the base of his shaft. The young horny slut drenched his dick in her spit, making him throb and pulse inside of her mouth. But she stood up before he could cum in her mouth, and she lead him back to her bedroom. He fell back on the bed, and she climbed into his lap. His cock impaled her tight hole, and she pushed herself harder on him, before moving her hips up and down to ride him. His hands guided her movements, but their pleasure was interrupted when the front door rang again.   Naked girl got up, put on a towel, and headed downstairs, leaving the confused delivery guy in her room. She opened the door to another delivery guy, who brought her another big package. She extended her arms to take the big box, letting her towel drop down on the floor. The new delivery guy stood in the doorway, mesmerized with her naked figure, but still trying to be respectful. He tried to leave, even when his cock screamed for him to stay. Naked girl frowned, and pulled him inside by his shirt, and pushed him up against the wall too. She dropped down to her knees, to take off his pants and please him. But he didn’t let her take too much time with his cock, before he had her bending over the stairs, and he pushed himself inside of her. He pounded her hard, making her moan loudly, and almost call out to the first delivery guy waiting for her in the bedroom. Soon the guys joined forces, took the slutty blonde back into her room, and pounded her together. Two dicks are better than one! The feeling of two cocks sliding in and out of her pussy and her mouth at the same time was amazing! She was screaming “YES!” with each incoming stroke! Both boys began to slam into her faster and harder. She rested on all fours, with one of the guys behind her, drilling her, while she sucked off the other until she was covered in their spunk.