Yesterday, she watched as her new neighbors moved in into the house close to her. She watched closely, as the two roommates unloaded the truck with their stuff. Their muscles flexed in the sun. The next day she spent the whole morning baking cookies. After carefully placing the cookies on the plate, and picking out a cute and slutty outfit, she was on her way to their door. When she rang the doorbell, one of the guys opened the door and invited her in. She played the nice girl next door act, batting her eyelashes at him, and flirted carelessly. It didn’t take long for her to be all over him on the couch. The little slut unzipped his pants and took his cock inside of her mouth. She sucked him sloppily, forgetting about the other roommate, who happened to walk in on them. The teen girl had the opportunity to make her fantasy of two cocks a reality. The small naked girl was suddenly on the floor, sucking on two dicks, making them throb for her. She moved from one cock to the other, sucking both of them. The guys giggled, slapping their cocks on her pretty face. Then they placed the little naked girl on the bed, and while she had her mouth full with one dick, the other stiff prick slid slowly along her tingly pussy lips. The guys took turns pounding her bald pussy and her mouth. Soon they began to cum and aimed their load in her face. Rope after rope of hot jism flew out of their peckers. The first shot of cum went straight into her mouth, and the second shot onto her face, coating her nose and lips with his hot, sticky mess. The other guy pulled his squirting cock toward her face and she took another huge facial. Another long stream followed that splattered against her tongue as she held it out for him to target. A huge smile formed on her face! The naked girl now giggling at the huge loads of cum she got, better than any fantasy she had ever had! She had just been royally fucked by two cocks and got huge facials and gobbled down a massive amount of their cum. This cum-hungry brunette went home with a huge cumshot on her face as if she was slobbering on icing all morning. 