Sneaking around each other’s homes had its perks, and its downsides. While the girls pretended to be best friends in front of each other’s parents, they couldn’t help but feel horny every time they lied. Sneaking around and fucking in the dark, while no one knew what was happening made their lesbian sessions that much hotter. After school, these hotties went back to the brunette’s house, even though her mom was home. While the mom was busy tidying up the house, the girls sat in the kitchen, at the dining table, studying together. Flirting and teasing each other at the same time. Every time the mom would leave the kitchen, the blonde would get closer to her girlfriend, kissing her, touching her thighs, making her wet. This horny teen lesbian kneeled under the table and took off her girlfriend’s panties, tossed them to the side, and buried her fingers deep in her slit. Her girlfriend’s juices dripped from her fingers, so she leaned in closer to lick her snatch, from her clit to her wet and pulsating hole. But as they heard footsteps getting closer to them, the blonde stood up and got back to her seat, pretending that nothing happened. When her mom left again, the brunette sneaked under the table, to return the favor to her beautiful girlfriend. She licked her wet slit and circled her clit with her lips, her girlfriend had to cover her mouth with her hand to muffle her moans. As the girls sneakily ate each other out beneath the table, they had to avoid being caught by the mom, who kept checking back on them. But once she had gone to run an errand, the teen lesbians could finally let loose. Two naked girls were on the table, with their faces buried in each other’s beavers. Her mom left the house, leaving them to enjoy their naughty actions alone, and moan as much and as loudly as they would like. These girls couldn’t get enough of them, and they covered the table in their juices. Although they may not get an A in math, these young lesbians certainly get an A in pussy eating and scissoring! 