Kenzie, the stunning blonde, was a mistress of a married man. Tired of being the other woman, she gave her lover an ultimatum – either he would stay with her, or the relationship was over. After desperately trying to cut the man out of her life during a fiery argument, the sensation between her legs made Kenzie change her mind. Her lover was holding her neck while unzipping his pants, while the elegant vixen ached for hardcore screwing. Doggy style made the blondie’s puffy lips open up and moan for more, while the aroused hunk kept railing the twat from behind without stopping. Now on the bed, the couple turned to pleasure each other orally. The married man dived inside his mistress’s honeypot, making pussy juice dribble down to her asshole. To reciprocate, the classy stunner took the mighty rod inside her mouth, giving it a lick from top to bottom, with her gaze fixed to her lover. As her spit was oozing down the dick, Kenzie’s pierced tongue swirled around the tip of it until her attention got focused on her lover’s balls. Beyond horny, the sugar daddy fucked the blonde’s throat vigorously as the spit stretched between the hottie’s lips and the huge dick. Now on top, the impressive doll took the swollen cock for a ride reverse cowgirl style, begging for pounding as her fingers rubbed her clit. In a matter of moments, the hot beautiful naked girl came all over the shaft, screaming and smiling at the same time.   With her beige stockings still on, the slutty fairy kept impaling on the long rod, reaching multiple orgasms in a row from the combination of button caressing and balls deep fucking. The intensity of sensations turned Kenzie’s shaved cunt into a squirting sensation that just kept spraying sweet fluid all over the big bed. Foxy knockout lay on her back, exposing her pierced nipples to her lover, letting him invade her snatch missionary style. On a quest to cum as many times as possible, the naked babe continued the button rubbing action, feeling the lengthy penis deep inside her cooch. His big hard cock kept destroying her hot cunt and bringing her to another squirting orgasm. Brute pounding treated the orgasmic cunt with more pleasure during the reverse cowgirl ride. After giving the magnificent shaft a good rub with her delicate feet, lovely Kenzie wrapped her lips around the dick, sucking it until a stream of warm spunk landed on her pink tongue. Don’t miss the full video with this beautiful babe! She is slender and beautiful with ample breasts that will make you go weak at the knees. She knows exactly how to please a man and wastes no time at all taking you to heaven and back. Happy New Year!