Traveling for their anniversary, and going to the tropical beach of their dreams was starting to look like their idea paid off. The beautiful, curvy and busty brunette walked by her boyfriend, wearing a gorgeous, cut-up, light blue one-piece bathing suit. But as much as she tried to get her boyfriend’s attention, he didn’t seem to take his eyes off of his phone. Once they settled on the beach, she tried to tease her bf by flashing him her naked tits! Once his hot girlfriend got out of the water, looking like a goddess, showing off her amazing breasts, he finally took his eyes off of his phone. She smiled at him, took him by the hand, and lead him back to the apartment. He followed her, letting her be in charge. Once they were inside, she pushed him on the couch, and she dropped to her knees. His eyes followed her every move, as she pulled down his pants, and took his cock in her hands. He was already hard for her, and she didn’t waste his time with teasing. Her lips wrapped around his tip, and she sucked him off until he was throbbing inside of her mouth. Her tongue traced over his tip, filling her mouth with his taste. She felt her wetness pool inside of her bathing suit bottoms, and she realized that she won’t last much longer without his cock inside of her. But she wanted to please him, give him tittyfuck, before she mounts his lap. But he was the one to pull her up, and to take off her swimming suit. Her legs wrapped around him, and she slowly grinded on his erection. His tip made its way inside of her, making her gasp at the familiar sensation. The big-titted babe moved her hips, pushing herself on his shaft, taking his full size inside of her. His hands rested on her slim waist and her boobs, and once she was used to him inside of her, she started moving. His rod stretched out her walls, filling up her cunt, and she let the feeling of her building orgasm wash over her body. She picked up the pace, riding him harder and faster until she felt his jizz fill her up. This horny holiday is sure to be the best ever even if they never leave the room! 