Anna attends a study group, trying to get help to prepare for the exams, but there is something that keeps distracting the nerdy girl. Her handsome friend and his girlfriend are sitting right across from her, but the blonde stunner needs to rub her fiery cooch asap. Anna spreads her legs, moves her fingers over black stockings to reach the slippery spot under strappy lingerie. The guy is soon intrigued about the strange situation under the table, only to discover that the erotic hottie is masturbating. Pretending to be taking a pen that has dropped under the table, he is mesmerized by the sight of a soaked twat that pulsates under Anna’s fingers. When his girlfriend finally leaves the room, the aroused couple begins the steamy action. The blue-eyed seductress crawls under the table, takes her friend’s dick out of the pants and wraps her pouty lips around it, giving it a sloppy blowjob of a lifetime. Gorgeous teen adores the fleshy taste of the lengthy dick and slurps on it hungrily, with the desire to put the whole length of it down her throat. The girlfriend is back, unaware of the fact that Anna is still there, sucking her boyfriend’s manhood. Soon she finds out about the affair, pulls Anna’s hair, but the hottie is too horny to care. She removes her dress, hops on the table, and rubs her cunny so hard that it squirts love fluid all over her rival’s face. Disgusted, the third wheel finally leaves the couple alone.   Attracted to its sweet flavor, the hunk dives between the beauty’s legs and gives her shaved snatch a good lick, making her squirt all over his face. To finally go back to what she does best, Anna takes the erect shaft in her mouth once again, now treating it with the combination of hand stroking and sloppy deepthroating. After a passionate face fucking session, the beautiful blonde bends over the table, feeling her friend’s cock rail her cunt from behind. The intensity of banging makes her arch her back, allowing her lover to pull her golden hair during the doggy style screwing. While pressing her small tits against the table, the hottie rolls her eyes and spreads her legs to feel the dick even deeper inside. Pink nipples of a slutty student gal are now at hunk’s disposal as he drills the shaved pussy missionary style. The juice temptress hugs her lover with her legs in lacy stockings, encouraging him to fuck her without mercy. Overpowered by the urge to be in charge, the sexy naked girl now hops on top of the shaft and impales her creamy pussy on it hard and fast. Reverse cowgirl style ride gives Anna’s twat what it deserves – a powerful orgasm that makes her body shake and quiver with pleasure. Feeling the dripping wet pussy tighten around his pecker, the hunk keeps going, feeling an orgasm stirring up inside his balls. Unable to resist the temptation any longer, he fills the juicy slit with the creamy seed.