The colorful lights on the big Christmas tree tied all the pretty decorations displayed in the festive living room. While the presents and sweets lay under the big decorated tree, four naughty girls were on the floor, gazing upon their hard and throbbing present. Since these hotties were far too naughty this year, and coil wouldn’t fix their behavior, Santa had to step in, and give them the present that will set these sluts straight. Four pairs of pretty eyes took in the sight of a big cock, and one by one, the hot naked girls wrapped their mouths around the dick. The girls switched after a few minutes, making a rotation. Sweet and luscious lips licked and sucked on his massive cock. Their hands and mouths mush together as the hotties gave their best to please the big penis, and make the dude happy. One by one, these girls gagged and deepthroated his dick, making him throb so hard he couldn’t take it any longer. So he got away from them, ordered them to stand still and be good girls for a change. He laid down on the floor, and he let all of them take turns riding his cock. The cute blondie was the first one to secure her seat in Santa’s lap. She placed her hands on his chest, and she pushed herself on him slowly, Her tight cunt took a few of his inches inside of her, and she let out a loud moan. The other naked girls helped her get all of his cock inside of her, and once she had him where she wanted him, she started moving her hips fast and hard, not letting him catch his breath. Luckily, her friends weren’t too jealous, and the girls found other games to play while they waited for their turn.   All four girls in a train-like formation, licking each other’s pussies and the happy dude fucking them one by one. Another great idea popped into the horny girls’ minds, and the four naked girls lay down on the bed and hold their legs close to their chest. He licked each of them, moving from one pussy to the next, before he took his turn pounding one by one and making all of the hotties cum hard for him, and his throbbing cock. He started with the petite Asian cutie, drilling her hard and deep, letting her feel his massive dick deep inside of her. He stretched out her little cunt until she was shaking from her intense orgasm. He moved to the ebony beauty, giving her the present roughly, just as she liked it. He caressed her face, slapped her, and manhandled her until her orgasm washed over her. The next pussy in line, the blondie took his cock back inside of her, and she let him pound her however he wanted. The last cutie on his naughty list got his throbbing cock, and she let out a loud moan escape her. He drilled her hard, roughly, while his hands explored her gorgeous body. Santa’s job was done, as these four naked girls lay still shaking from his cock, but as he looked at them, realizing since they took his present so well, they deserved a reward. He gave them one last bang and drizzled them with icing in this holiday orgy!