The cheerleader Gabbie put on her schoolgirl uniform, prepared to talk about an unpleasant circumstance with one of her ex-friends. The appealing teen was thrown off the team, and the main suspect for framing her was a dark-haired tart who wanted to be the new captain of the cheering squad. From their conversation, it was revealed that she got kicked off the squad after she had been somehow outed as a lesbian. There was a rumor that she was checking under the skirts of her teammates. It soon turned out that the new captain of the cheerleading squad, Jane, was a lesbian too. But to her shock, the ex cheerleader began to gloat, saying that she would have to keep that a secret for years, if she didn’t want to get kicked out of the squad, no date and no sex. Meanwhile, Gabbie was free to be herself, since everyone now knew that she was a lesbian. She gleefully offered Jane a pity fuck! The girls were free to be who they really were. Young lezzies began kissing, feeling their pussies become soaked wet underneath their plaid skirts. Light-haired schoolgirl revealed a pair of huge tits with delicious brown nipples that were craving for squeezing, nibbling, and spanking. The young busty cheerleader was on her back, legs wide apart, while her friend licked her honeypot, savoring its fleshy taste. The busty doll squirmed under the probing tongue, feeling an orgasm building up. To reciprocate, Gabbie spat on her lover’s bushy pussy before sticking her tongue between its plush folds. Close to an orgasm, the sizzling hottie moved her hips to meet her friend’s tongue, soon cumming all over it. The steamy 69 made both naked girls moan in unison, giggle and shake as they were reaching an orgasm simultaneously. Lesbian dolls kissed each other’s puffy lips while scissoring wildly, looking into each other’s eyes while reaching another powerful orgasm. Pussy juices mixed as humid twats rubbed and pulsated together. As Gabbie’s huge and natural tits were pressed against a leather sofa, her friend rubbed, and tongue fucked her snatch until her curvy body began quivering with lust. 