The Thanksgiving dinner went smoothly, all of the guests enjoyed their meals, and the cute Asian brunette acted as the perfect hostess. But as she waited on her guests to finish their meals, and bring the festivities to an end, she only felt her dripping juices and her horniness get more intense. She was ready to throw all of them out, to have the house only to herself and her hunky lover. He sat across from her on the table, and as the courses went on, she reached his thighs with her feet, teasing him under the table, while everyone else was too invested in the conversation. No one suspected a thing. Finally, as she closed the door after the last guests left her house, and left her to be alone with her lover, she took off her clothes. All she wanted all day, was to get naked and enjoy his hot throbbing cock. All she had on was her lingerie and white stockings. His gaze trailed over her gorgeous petite body, as the girl took a seat in front of him. She parted her legs, and slipped off her panties, letting them land in his lap. His eyes watched her every move closely, and as her naughty hand reached her little pussy, he couldn’t form another thought. She stroked her clit, and he went wild. In a second, he was on his knees, in front of her, with his head buried between her thighs. His tongue traced her beautiful pussy, from her clit to her wet opening.   He even went the extra mile to drive her crazy, and pushed her legs further apart, and licked her tight and shaved asshole. She managed to push his head away, and she dropped to her knees in front of him. His cock stood up as she took off his pants, and she took him in her mouth immediately. Her warm and wet mouth made his rod throb inside of her. Loving every twitch of his cock as her mouth stimulated and teased it. The little naked girl sucked him until her jaw was sore, and his cock was drenched in her spit. He pulled her up, and as he sat down on the chair, he let her impale her young cunt on his shaft. She was like a doll in his arms. Her little pussy dilated around his hard cock as she moved up and down slowly and erotically. She began bucking her hips faster. Her tight and juicy ass lapped against his bare skin, as she rode him. No mention of slowing down. She was loving it. Her tight pussy was clenching on his cock rippling along his shaft time and time again. I love watching his dick disappear into her tiny body. Watching her impale herself on his cock, seeing it disappear up into her tiny body is the most erotic sight you have ever seen. His dick hit her sweet spots inside of her, and with a few more thrusts, her orgasm washed over her, and she let him fill her up with his white stuffing.