PE teacher fills in for another teacher and teaches on safe sex. It looks like these two schoolgirls, Kiara and Scarlett are highly interested in the subject and ask him how to put condom on a penis. Like a good teacher, he takes a hands-on approach and helps the girls learn all about sex. He approaches two blondies, pulls out his fat prick and lets them inspect it. Aroused by the sight of a pecker, the schoolgirls giggle as their tight pussies slowly go soaking wet. The girls team up to put a condom on the teacher’s cock, but they dismiss the idea and wrap their inquisitive fingers around the bare dick and kneel in front of it. Sultry chicks treat their teacher with a double blowjob. As Kiara concentrates on the tip of the penis, Scarlett swirls her tongue around the hunk’s shaved balls and licks them with enthusiasm. Loud groans fill the classroom as blonde girls spit and drool all over the superb tool, making it stiff and wet. Foxy kittens take their time, sensually licking the dick, before hopping on the desk and spreading their long legs. The girls lift their plaid skirts up to flash shaved pussies, and moan as their PE teacher dives inside their honeypots. He inspects every fold of their velvety twats, and uses the opportunity to savor the fleshy taste. As the slender coquette lies on the desk and encourages her friend to rub her slippery clit, the hunk slides his dick inside the cooch and bangs it missionary style.   Encouraged to go faster and deeper by Kiara’s kisses and naughty smiles, the teacher holds the tight butt of the gal underneath him and pulls her closer to him, making her scream from the stretchy sensation between her legs. Scarlett is next for the hardcore lesson. She lifts one leg at the desk and savors every second of the doggy style pummeling as her girlfriend’s snatch is right under her, begging for intense licking. To indulge the horny kitten, the blondie spits on her clit and uses her tongue to send waves of pleasure through her body. Soon enough, the bald slit begins pulsating under her tongue in a powerful orgasm. Still shaking from the previous big orgasm, the raunchy pussycat hops on the teacher’s shaft and takes it for a ride. Young naked girl slides up and down the rod, smearing love juices all over it, as the light-haired tart holds her firm booty. To add more pleasure to the big-dicked guy, she takes good care of his big balls as another bimbo impales on his joystick. Reverse cowgirl riding treats both naked girls with mind-blowing orgasms. The schoolgirls take turns, driven by the incredible lust until both of their pussies get the much-needed satisfaction. To end the steamy lesson, the skinny dolls kneel and focus on the mighty rod one more time. They combine ball pulling and cock sucking, feeling the dick pulsate inside their mouths. The naked schoolgirls welcome sticky seeds on their gorgeous faces.