Stepsisters were having a New Year’s Eve party, but when their dates bailed on them, it was their stepdad who stepped up to comfort the girls. They figured they could use him to make their dates jealous, so the girls went all out and celebrated the New Year in the best way possible! The girls are attractive and young, so they started with some New Years’ photos. Girls wanted to be naughty, so they posed provocatively. Bothered by it, the man said it too much, but rebellious girls did not listen. One of the girls pulled up her sister’s New Year’s Eve dress and revealed her cheeks separated with her black thongs. Rowdy girls thought it would be better if they had some fuckboy in the image! While the girls were getting shots, they began touching his already hard thing, and he got carried away by the gentle touch of his stepdaughters. Unzipping his pants, united, the horny girls started stroking and licking his thick schlong. The girls were sucking and kissing all over his cock and worshiping it while saying how huge and sexy it was. Teens got wet from fondling his giant shaft, and one little slut took her stepdad’s dick from behind in her vagina while embracing her sister’s cunt. She got hot and drippy from watching her sister being fucked by their stepdad, so she took him in as well, with her sister sitting on her face wither her crotch in her mouth. Blondie was kissing her stepdad like it was her boyfriend while her pussy lips were melting with her stepsister. Pierced with stepdads throbbing wood while sucking on her sister’s floppy cunny, she moaned in pleasure. Switching her lips from her stepdad’s mouth, she put them on his cook that’s dripping wet from her sister’s pussy juices. She was a cuck as always and got off to it while spreading his precum on her fanny. Putting the other slut in a reversed cowgirl position spreading her legs she was groping her tits as she was getting stretched on daddy’s weiner she had her girl parts on step dad’s beard. The New Years Eve orgy went on with two naked girls riding his cock and his face together, having an orgasm simultaneously! 