Jimmy is your average guy who wants to spend some time with his cute girlfriend, but his girl is different. Every night she would play video games instead of spending time with him. Moreover, he found out that his girlfriend played video games on Discord with some dude that she met online. She told him he should stop and that he was distracting her from playing. Jimmy decided to show her what she was missing out on. He pulled down her shirt and decided to give her some oral support from under her desk while spreading her legs in her white thigh-high gamer girl socks. By removing her shorts to the side, he was sucking on her pretty shaved cunt. Getting distracted by it, she started to moan, and that turned him on. Jimmy took his erected cook out of his pants, and the hot teen girl immediately started to suck on it, but she was still focused on her game. When she stopped, Jimmy got more annoyed, so he took off her shorts, putting her in a doggy position on the chair. He pounded her petite ass as she was moaning and getting wet from his erect sword piercing her gamer girl pussy. The girlfriend was still very much distracted with her gaming, so for a better experience with both, she took his schlong in a perfect reversed cowgirl position. His kitten was jumping and sucking on his dick with her tight cooch and got desperate for more. Jimmy finally reached his girlfriend with his erect pride, and she completely forgot about her game and the guy she was playing with. Leaving her game, the teen babe took her clothes off and revealed her perfectly pierced titties. Princess was finally focused only on his bone and gave it full attention by sucking on it. Jimmy was still feeling annoyed by his girlfriend playing games with another guy every night instead of spending time with him as his girlfriend, and that made him feel worthless and insecure. Feeling like this, he decided to punish his bad kitten by slapping her ass repeatedly while she slid on her new favorite pulsating joystick. Wanting to punish her more for not behaving, he put her in his favorite reversed cowgirl position while grabbing her hands, so she’s completely out of control while smacking her cunt. His girlfriend was desperate for even more, so she rubbed her clit and did squats on his weiner, making her moan in pleasure. Jimmy was completely in control of his girlfriend being possessed by his chode that was entering her hole all this time, and he felt so full of himself. He was so proud for finally standing up for himself and getting back at his girlfriend, owning her and her holes completely. 