She had no idea her stepdad was a perv until she invited her friend Anny over for dinner. The cutie decided to spend the night in the house, and he embraced the idea with a strange gleam in his eyes. Later that night, the girls were in the room, snoring softly. Anny was asleep when the feeling of someone watching her woke her up, only to realize that the man’s large and erect dick was right in front of her, stiff and ready to be licked thoroughly. The girl took his hard cock with her hands, stroking it, kissing it and finally putting it in her mouth. As she sucked his cock, she did her best to be quiet to avoid alerting her friend. He hungrily kissed and gropped his stepdaughter’s friend, fondling her breasts and ass over her bra and panties. She almost caught them, but they managed to sneak out and continue the naughty action in another room. While the mature stud was busy licking the tight shaved pussy of his stepdaughter’s friend, she squeezed her boobs and rolled her eyes in pleasure. Beyond aroused, the young naked girl hopped on the dick and rode it hard and fast while her mature lover’s eyes stayed fixed on her face. Her perky tits were all over his face. The realization that the fucking was forbidden and secretive set the teen’s cooch on fire, which kept locking its grip around the meaty shaft that kept invading the shaved pussy. Missionary style railing let the couple look at each other during the intense pounding and watch dim lights touch their bodies as they were fucking their brains out. Barely able to control her loud moans anymore, Anny came hard all over his dong. Aching for more, the raunchy kitten turned around, cupped her supple tits while the shaft destroyed her doggy style. The man pulled Anny’s hair, held her hips, and guided her towards his dick, trying to go as deep and hard as possible. The moment the lengthy shaft got out of the snatch, it began spraying sticky seed all over the hottie’s body as the experienced man kept fingering the sensitive pussy that pulsated in another unforgettable orgasm. 