Serena and Angel, two attractive waitresses, have become really close friends. Angel keeps whining that her husband isn’t fucking her anymore, and her coworker is more than welcome to extinguish the flames between her legs. Serena invites the brunette to the bar’s back, determined to give her pussy the treatment it deserves. Smashing lezzies begin kissing before lowering their sweet lips down to each other’s big tits. The girls are now fully naked, with their large nipples erect from the passionate sensations, ready to munch on humid honeypots. Serene swirls her tongue around her friend’s shaved pussy, before finally pulling out the big guns. The horny waitress reaches for a strap-on which she places around her coworker’s small waist and shoves it deep inside Angel’s aching cunt. Erotic lesbians fuck their brains out, unaware that a delivery guy is standing there, watching the sultry shenanigans. The naked girls know they could get in trouble for screwing at work, so they come up with a steamy idea – make the guy their accomplice. The waitresses take his large pecker in their hands and team up for a sensational double blowjob. While the curvy exotic vixen sucks the swollen balls, the ivory-skinned doll licks the tip of the penis with her pierced tongue.   Soon enough, the tool is covered with warm spit, finding its way all the way down ladies’ throats. Busty pussycat places her bare ass in a chair, spreads her legs, and invites the delivery guy to bang her coochie missionary style while her lesbian lover licks her heavy melons. Overpowered by the urge to be on top, the hot busty babe mounts him and rides his dong reverse cowgirl style. The position turns out to be an orgasmic one because the shaved slit gets the mix of two supreme sensations – the stretchy feeling from the dick’s intense pummeling and the incredibly passionate rubbing that makes the pussy ooze more love juice. The other naked waitress watches her lover getting invaded balls deep, cumming all over the pecker, and gives her soft kisses on the lips and plush titties. It’s her turn to impale on the shaft now. Her eyes roll in pleasure and moist pussy lips spread to welcome the dong inside, feeling majestic balls slap against the clit. Giving her best to fuck the rod hard and deep, She now faces the guy, feeling the warm spit of her lesbian friend oozed down her juicy butt cheeks. Angel holds her lover’s buttocks, spreads them apart, and watches the raunchy show, feeling the need to be screwed that hard and rough. Once again, the brown-haired goddess feels the impressive shaft entering her snatch, and she rides it until orgasm overwhelms her curvaceous figure. Both naked girls get up from the floor and take turns screwing the delivery guy in a standing doggy. The babes let him destroy their pussies without mercy before taking the tool inside their mouths again and sucking it until a river of sticky cum lands on their beautiful faces.