She finally got invited by her boyfriend to meet his family at his home and stay for a few days, so she packed her suitcase and went with him. When they arrived, he couldn’t wait to play with her pussy! He lifted her summer dress and groped her pussy when his stepsister came. Pretty soon his girlfriend realized that his family was a little bit different than most! The sister introduced her to their parents and gave her a phone to meet them because they weren’t at home. Step sister got back fully naked, leaning by the fridge to get a popsicle while the girl was distracting their parents, and then her boyfriend arrived in the room. Seeing his sister naked as she sucks on the ice cream with her lips with flavor dripping from her mouth, he couldn’t resist taking out his erected penis and sticking it into her cunt while his girlfriend was in front of them face timing their parents! He pounded her twat as the naked girl was leaning on the fridge, cumming in her and filling her cunt with his hot cum. The girlfriend asked his stepsister about what just had happened, and the sister explained to her that they were a close family and she didn’t have to worry about it. She just had to be open minded. Her dress was suddenly being lifted by the whorish sister revealing her naked pussy. It got wet by stepsister’s tongue sliding on her clitoris. When her boyfriend came back, he was so happy to see the girls get along and joined his sister. They both kept licking his girlfriend’s tits and pussy. Later they showed her the wonders of being part of a sex positive family! He fucked her juicy pussy on the couch in the livingroom and let his sister eat out his cum. In the evening when the girls were brushing their teeth in the bathroom he took turns fucking them from behind, cuuming in each cunt. Next morning he kept fucking both of them simultaneously. The naked girls were sucking on each other’s breasts and clits in the presence of the man they love. His cock was freed of one cunt and immediately engulfed by another. At all times there was a cunt in his face to lick, a cunt engulfing his cock, their big breasts to be fondled.  