I had prepared a special surprise for my girlfriend to celebrate our anniversary. I have rented a nice, luxurious house to spend the weekend in and took my petite goddess on a vacation of a lifetime. After finally unpacking and feeling at home, my blonde lover hopped into tight, plaid pajamas, which put the focus on her slim figure, and small but delicious boobies. After spending some time in the kitchen, she approached me holding milk and chocolate chip cookies in her divine hands. She talked about how excited she was and slowly dipped her fingers into warm milk and smeared the liquid all over her pinkish nipples giving me a clear sign that she was after my dick. After turning around, facing a fireplace, she unbuttoned her pajamas only to flash her amazing, firm booty and a shaved cunny hiding between her long legs. Quickly enough, my baby was fully naked, sitting down, with her fingers spreading the slippery pussy lips. She caressed her clit, and I joined the fun, feeling its incredible moistness. I could feel my pecker getting bigger in my trousers, so I decided to put it inside the tight snatch. With her long slim legs all the way back, my bombastic girlfriend was getting rammed missionary style. We took the steamy action to a sofa, where we stayed in the same position since I loved watching my dong stretch the greedy love box and shove my fingers inside the cutie’s mouth. The twat was so creamy that it coated my shaft with the lovely fluid, proving that my sizzling kitten was beyond aroused.   To prolong the fucking session, my passionate pussycat knelt on the floor and gave me a great blowjob, loving the taste of her pussy on my stiff rod. With the desire to accommodate the whole length of it inside her mouth, the naughty angel shoved the tool down her throat as her blue eyes teared up. Despite gagging, the blondie kept going, giving her best to please me. When my cock was slippery enough, he hopped on top of it and started riding it fast. Her shaved snatch loved the feeling, and it kept tightening its grip around my penis, letting me know that an orgasm was building up. Trying to help her maintain balance, I held the vixen’s legs and moved my hips upwards, destroying the orgasmic twat. Spinning around, and riding me reverse cowgirl, allowing me to stare at her ass as my beautiful girlfriend worked. Her ass cheeks were so full and round! She started twerking her gorgeous ass on my cock and it was amazing! I loved watching my girlfriend fit ass, so I guided her on all fours, lifted her leg up, and railed her coochie doggy style. With my hands placed on her slim waist, I kept pummeling balls deep when the urge to spank her juicy ass overpowered me. I used one hand to make my lover’s butt bright pink while I pulled her golden hair with another. I fucked her doggy style and our bodies trembled in immense pleasure. After she stopped shaking from a mind-blowing orgasm, the young beauty took my cock in her mouth and sucked it until my sticky seed landed on her pink tongue.