Being a professor has its numerous advantages, especially in a school where all students are girls and all of them are young and sexy. With the desire to become the teacher’s favorite, a curly doll, hopped on the desk and spread her legs to flash lovely white panties that hid a moist pussy underneath. Biting her lips the schoolgirl pulled her panties to the side and revealed her pink pussy. The slippery folds were finally out, going even moister under the guy’s fingers, while the green-eyed goddess trembled and began to moan. Fingers soon found their way inside the young twat, exploring it while bringing the girl to the verge of an orgasm. Beyond aroused, the brown-haired belle stood up, turned around, and lifted her plaid skirt, inviting the guy’s strong hands to squeeze and spank her tight behind. The horny schoolgirl knew she needed to see and taste the professor’s pecker, so she knelt in front of it and released it from its soft prison. The lengthy and already stiff shaft was in her hands, ready to be blown and caressed. She took things slowly, savoring every moment of the sucking, swirling her cute tongue around the tip of it before lowering it to the balls. Her spit was now oozing down the penis, turning a sensual blowjob into a sloppy one that made the fat dick as hard as a rock. The vixen’s small boobs were now on display, with erect nipples that were the witnesses of her immense arousal. The schoolgirl was fully naked now and on the office floor. She mounted her teacher and slowly slid down his hard cock, feeling it part her tight virgin pussy lips on its way deeper inside her coochie.   The shy schoolgirl transformed into a sex-crazed cowgirl that kept impaling until her dazzling eyes rolled and her moans became louder. She giggled and pouted her juicy lips during the ride, with her eyes fixed to her lover. The moment the naked girl turned around to take the cock for a ride reverse cowgirl style, she flashed a majestic booty that loved to be spanked. Although fit, the butt cheeks boasted the supreme amount of jiggly flesh on them. The curly temptress was in charge, fucking her professor, as he lay on the floor and watched the lustful pussycat dough her booty on top of his manhood. Still on top, the schoolgirl picked up the speed and screamed in wild passion, feeling an orgasm build up between her legs. She kept going until her snatch tightened its grip around the meaty rod and began pulsating in a powerful orgasm. Determined to turn this fuck session into an unforgettable endeavor, the fit doll turned around and took her professor’s shaft back into her mouth. She blew it, licked it, and finally let it spray her beautiful face and puffy lips with the precious semen. Although his cock was pleased and milked, the professor continued his tour around the school, on the hunt to find another arousing tart to turn his fantasies into a reality. Being surrounded by young and beautiful, unruly schoolgirls puts you to the test every single day… to think like a teacher, and not a man tempted by the beauty of your hot students.