This petite blonde hottie made a mess in her school, getting into a fight with another girl, over her boyfriend. But instead of dwelling on her wrongs, she needed to make sure that her dad never found out about her misbehavior. So when she got escorted back to the principal’s office, she gave her stepbrother’s number, instead of her dad’s. She knew that the principal would call the number as soon as school finished, so she rushed home, and she called out to her stepbrother to get down to the living room. She explained the situation and promised to let him to find out why her nickname in the high school was WHORE! She would let him do whatever he wanted to her if he pretended to be her dad on the phone. The phone rang, interrupting their conversation, and as he picked up the phone, a little slut started stroking his cock over his pants. He let her tease him, as he answered and talked to the principal. He made sure to get her off the hook at school, and as soon as the phone conversation ended, she was ready to return the favor. His friend was upstairs playing video games but his slutty sister didn’t mnind to have fun with him too. When both of them were sitting on the chair, the sexy schoolgirl slowly took off her skirt. The guys watched her closely, as she took off her clothes, and showed them her bare figure. The little girl was now fully naked, posing in front of them! She was aching to get both of their cocks inside of her, so she dropped to her knees, and the guys stood up, so she could easily suck both of them off. She switched between the two shafts, stroking one while sucking the other.   The guys grew impatient quickly, and they picked the petite naked girl up from the floor and placed her on the couch. One cock slid into her wet pussy and the other one was in her mouth. She was dripping with anticipation of having sex with two guys at the same time. ‘Use me like the cumdump I am. Just fuck me!’ The blondie positioned herself on her stepbrother’s cock, and slid down while stroking his friend’s cock in her tiny hand. All the while, one of their cocks never left her mouth. Her juices were squirting out of her, she was to cumming hard, but she needed more. The guys switched places, letting the other experience her other and tight holes. The cute blondie let them do whatever they wanted to her, as long as they made her scream and cum. Tiny naked girl was on all fours, taking one shaft from behind while sucking on another. One of them moved his cock in and out of her mouth until he erupted his sperm into her mouth. Then her stepbrother switched placed with his friend. The dude groaned out and shot a thick rivulet of cum into her forehead, which caused the thick layer of cum already running down her face. Both of them let their spunk cover her pretty face, and she opened her mouth to taste both of them. The two men kept working at fucking her sloppy pussy all over again. By this time her entire face was covered with cum.