Her pretty feet stepped lightly over the pavement as she made her way down the street, to her friend’s house. This cute brunette has had a crush on her friend for the longest time, and when she got a text from him, asking her to come over, her hopes flew high and she was on her way. She knew that his girlfriend was home, so she had to be careful when she came in through the window. As she climbed through the window he grabbed her by the shoulders, almost pulling her in completely. His girlfriend cheated on him, and now he was looking to get back to her. A cheeky and almost naughty grin appeared on the brunette’s face when she realized what he wanted from her. So this gorgeous and curvy brunette hottie played along, she would gladly take on the role of his side piece. So she dropped down to her knees, and she eagerly unbuttoned his pants and took out his massive and thick shaft. Her wet mouth wrapped around the tip of his cock, and she felt goosebumps forming on her skin when she finally tasted him. She has been dreaming about him, and his fat cock, and his taste. He pushed himself into her mouth more, and she obliged. It wasn’t long before she was bent over on the bed, with his cock inside of her. As he pummeled inside of her, and she felt her tight walls get stretched out they heard the girlfriend coming up the stairs. So the naked girl hid in the closet, leaving the leather cusps she brought on the floor.   The petite girlfriend entered the room and saw him hadr and ready. The brunette stood in the closet, watching them and feeling her juices overflowing. His petite girlfriend slammed her little pussy down over him taking him deep inside her. The girl in the closet watched the little slut throwing her head back as she rode him. Soon the girlfriend found the handcuffs that his friend brought and decided to use them. She was on her back, naked and spread open with her hands and feet tied to the corners of the bed. The other girl couldn’t just watch anymore! When she saw her crush licking his girlfriend’s pussy, she jumped out of the closet! The cute girlfriend watched as some slut emerged out of the closet, with shock all over her face. But it soon faded, when her lips connected with hers, and she pressed the vibrator to her clit. Her attitude changed, and when the brunette freed her from the leather cuffs, the girls were all over his cock. These hotties worked together to make him cum like never before. As one rode him, the other was sitting on his face, enjoying his tongue. Two naked girls couldn’t get enough hard cock-meat, and they kept cumming and cumming. They needed to make him cum too, so they pressed their cunts to his big dick, and they scissored with his shaft between them until his tasty jizz covered both of them.