The pretty and lilac costume she picked out to wear today looks so sexy on her petite body. The thin and soft fabric hug her curves perfectly, making her tits look perfect with just enough cleavage to make any man that sees her hard. Her poofy and short skirt barely cover her cute little ass, but she doesn’t mind. The girl likes to show her skin, and catch longing looks wherever she went. All she wants is to tease you in her house with her tiny and slutty outfit! This cute little fairy is playing in the backyard. She sits down on the outdoors swing and her hand travels down to her tiny panties. She moves the thin fabric and teases her swollen clit and her wet slit. The young naked girl knows that you are watching her, and playing with her bald pussy in front of someone, making her juices flow out of her. Her fingers play with her soaking wet snatch, and she buries her fingers inside of her, imagining it is you. It isn’t long before the naked girl is on her back on the bed. She lifts her legs high in the air and lets you take a better look at her bald pussy. She waits for you to lose your pants, before she gets on her knees, and takes your shaft into her sweet mouth. Her wet and gentle tongue traces over the tip, taking in your taste.   You grab the back of her head and push yourself deeper into her little mouth. The naked girl opens up her throat for you, and you pound your dick into her mouth until it is dripping with her spit. Holding her head with one hand you pull her forward, smearing your huge cock all over her cute face to coat it even more in her saliva. Then you push the tiny naked girl back on the bed, holding onto her thighs as you push them to her torso. Your big dick slowly slips inside of her, stretching her little cunt as more of your inches enter her tight hole. You let her adjust to your size before you start moving your hips, thrusting in and out of her with force and power. The tiny girl lets you use her pussy, and she loves how you tease her clit while your huge cock is pummeling inside of her. The feeling of her young pussy spasming around your cock is amazing! But the girl needs more, she needs to be back in control. You let her be on top. She rides you hard and fast, watching your face as she pleasures you. You watch as her bubble ass bounces up and down when she rides you. Her cute ass is sticking up and her knees are spread apart. You keep fucking her from behind, watching her ass jiggle with each thrust. She is ready to cum, and takes you over the edge with her. Her walls clench around you, and with one last thrust you fill the tiny naked fairy up with your tasty spunk. The feeling of your hot sperm shooting up into her body bring  her to the biggest orgasm of her life!