It was cold the other day, my stepmom sat me on her sofa, gave me a blanket, and grabbed my hands to see if they were cold. She wanted to help me and warm me up fast. The young MILF took my hand and put it under her sweater on her chest, and I noticed she wasn’t wearing a bra! She placed both of my hands on her big breast that caught my attention and said that they weren’t hot enough and I should warm them up by groping them together. My stepmom said she got an even warmer spot that I should try and took the blanket off her legs, displaying her bare pussy without any panties. My face was shocked as she took my hand and placed her on her warm cunt. It was warm and wet down there. I couldn’t control myself anymore, so I rubbed her tiny clit while groping her huge boobie with a pink nip that was hard as a rock. She noticed something in my pants moving, so she opened them to check, and put her soft hand on my cock. Turned out my busty stepmom knew the best ways to stay warm, and that included jerking my cock off! The hot woman started to jerk me off with both her hands as an excuse to warm them up. I wanted to return the favor, so I began to fondle her clit fast as she moaned how she was getting so warm from it. Baby girl came on my fingers from that and decided to take a warm bubble bath, and when she got in, she invited me over. I saw her naked in the clear water, seeing every part without any bubbles in sight.   I told her she should’ve told me she was naked, but she said it was not a problem and that I should join her so we could get warm together. I got in the tub and saw her soaping her huge tatas, which made me hard again. That was noticeable, so she got up close to my dick and stroked it with her milkers. My naked stepmom looked up at me, holding my hard cock between her tits. I sat on the tub, and she began to suck off my schlong with her spit dripping down in the warm water. I couldn’t believe my stepmom, sucked my dick and made me cum in her mouth. After that, we decided to snuggle in the bed so we won’t get cold, and she took my meat and teased it with her tongue. She squeezed my testicles with her hand and began licking them with her tongue. Then the naked woman sat on me in the 69 position, palcing her cunt right on my mouth. I gabbed her ass with both hands and sperad her cheeks wide open, licking her cunt and looking at her asshole, contracting in pleasure. She rode me like a horse for some time, desperate to make me jizz in her pussy so she could get the warm semen that she craved so much from the beginning. She grabbed my hand and put it on her tit. I felt her cunt squeeze my cock, just like a hand on a cow’s adder, and milking me for all my worth. Her legs became shaky, and her voice got tired, but she didn’t stop. My naked stepmom bounced on top of my cock until I released a big load of cum inside of her.