First of all don’t miss the first two parts! Stepbrother and stepsister, had been dying to fuck each other since he and his girlfriend had arrived for Christmas vacation. Earlier this morning his slutty sister tried to suck his cock but his girlfriend interrupted them. However, his girlfriend was entangled in relationship with his dad. His girlfriend and his dad sneaked to the bedroom where he fucked the shit out of her. When his girlfriend was busy sucking his dad’s cock and getting fucked hardcore, he had a talk with his stepsister. He sat on the bed next to her as they both got close, and she whispered with her soft breath on his mouth that they can never be together as they proceeded to connect their lips and melt them away. She got carried away, and her nipples were hard, her pussy was excited and she could feel her panties becoming moist with her juices. Her lower parts were having a reaction that she could not control, so she took her top away, displaying her pierced hard nips on her not too big but not too small round perky boobs that were perfect for a hand grab. Stepbrother lowered his head to get a better look at his sister’s milkers as he stuck his tongue out to fondle her bits, and he put them in his mouth, sucking on them like he was thirsty for a woman’s milk. He grabbed her tits and kissed them like he first experienced his first pair of boobs from how long he desired to do such a thing to his stepsister.   He laid on the bed as she got on top of him with her perfect pair of melons hanging in front of his face in her leather shorts, grinding her hot spot on his clothed cock. The sexy girl slowly slid down and placed her head in front of his shorts that would soon reveal what she longed for. She uncovered his hard schlong and put it in her mouth, giving him the sloppy toppy. His horny sister picked up the pace, moving her mouth up and down the now rigid cock, rubbing the head with her tongue. He got intensely aroused and took off her shorts, placing her on her back and spreading her legs wide, exposing her trimmed moist twat. He smeared her vaginal juices with his tongue, preparing her hole to experience the ultimate climax of his throbbing dick. He took his dick and slowly entered her insides as her cunt was wrapping up his meat, sucking him up deeper inside as she looked him straight in the eyes while moaning from the pressure. Both of them just wanted it, wet, wild, sensual sex with a mind-blowing orgasm. His hand squeezed her ass as he frantically pounded into her. Her beautiful titties flailed wildly with each thrust he threw into her. I love the way her tits bounced when she was riding him. She looked sexy as hell as she used his stepbrother for her pleasure. She had him on the verge of cumming and there was no holding back. He pulled his throbbing dick out and grabbing her hair he began cumming all over her happy face!