She was doing her job as any other day as a waitress but suddenly the person that she knew appeared in the cafe where she was working. It was her ex, and she was surprised to see him wondering what he was doing here and took his order. He ordered a cup of coffee, so she made it for him and went to serve it, but her hand slipped, and it poured all over his white shirt. The embarrassed waitress took her ex to the bathroom to clean his shirt. She was on her knees cleaning his shirt as her cleavage was displayed to him to see her big melons, which made him hard. As she was cleaning his shirt, her ex-boyfriend’s hard dick popped out of his pants! He apologized to her as it’s been a while after he saw her, and she looked attractive enough to make his meat react. The babe wiped the shock off her face and took his cock in her mouth. She stuck her tongue out, exposing her piercing as she licked his massive chode with it spilling her spit all over his balls and her busty chest. The sexy waitress sucked it all off his nuts to clean up the mess. She missed her ex, and after not getting any dick for a while, she wanted to impress him and slid her uniform off her tits and proceeded to rub his dick with her two huge melons. He fucked her soft boobs, pressing them together. “MMMMM” he said, I’ve missed those big tits! The girl had big all natural boobs! Now he wanted to enter an even tighter sloppier place with his erect schlong. Her ex ordered her to turn around, not caring about anyone entering the restroom or interrupting her shift as the waitress moaned excitedly about getting her exs big dick in her pussy once again.   He grabbed her by the hair and pounded her slutty hole hard, molding it in the shape of his huge meat as she was making loud sounds that anyone out of the bathroom could hear, and they did. They listened to her dirty voice loud and clear as the waitress was being humiliated in such a state by everything that was happening, which aroused her even more, making her cunt shiver from sucking his cock even tighter deep inside of her. Her face was slapped onto the mirror as she got wrecked from behind. Like a good slut she stuck her tongue out, licking the mirror with her pathetic expression on it from getting her back arched. Her ex banged her so hard that her tits couldn’t stop bouncing up and down, and her legs were getting weak and shaky from the intense pleasure. Like she wasn’t humiliated enough, she got into an even more embarrassing state, pumping his meat while he sat on the toilet as her right leg was on the wall and her left leg barely balancing everything on the floor. Their fuck for old times’ sake turned even hotter when she told her ex to put it in her ass! Her big tits were flying up and down as she picked up speed, riding him with her asshole. They never tried anal sex when they were together and now she was cumming getting her ass fucked hard. She loved the feeling of his cock in her ass when he furiously pounded her. When her ex made her cum hard, she realized that she wanted that dick in her ass every day!