The Sun was too high in the sky, and as my feet were dragging me across the street I heard sweet voices calling out in my direction. I didn’t expect to get face to face with three gorgeous girls. My gaze traveled, from their pretty face, down to their barely covered tits and more important to their almost naked pussies! I quickly looked back into their eyes, trying to hide the fact that my brain begged me to fuck all three of them. The girls that stood in front of me were dressed to party, and their outfits barely covered anything. Nothing was left to the imagination, and I was liking it a little bit too much. Three almost naked girls deliberately exposed their wonderful asses, with only a thin strip of thong disappearing between their perfectly-proportioned ass cheeks. Me and all the passers-by stared at them. The girl in the middle, the sexy teen girl spoke up, and as her mouth was moving, I tried to concentrate on her words. But seeing her gorgeous mouth move, my thoughts imagined those lips around the tip of my cock! I barely managed to make out what she was saying. A party, join us. I agreed, and the four of us started to get to know each other as we changed directions, and the three gorgeous girls showed me the way to a party. We walked in, and the loud music muffled all of our conversations. I watched the girls dance, intertwining their bodies to the rhythm. The party died down, and we made our way outside. In was early morning and we somehow made our way to my car.   The girls hopped in, and I drove back to my place. As soon as we were all in the door, and on my huge bed, these hotties were all over me. The girls quickly tore off the rest of their clothes, and my pants along with theirs. All our clothes piled up on the floor, and the three naked girls joined their mouths as they sucked me off! One was busy with my tongue, and the other two focused on my balls. I could stay there, laying down, letting them work on my throbbing cock all day. But I needed to feel their tight tunnels wrapped around my shaft. I pushed all three of them back on the bed, the blonde cutie bent over, and I thrust inside of her. As I was pounding her tight hole, she ate out her friend, and the ebony hottie sat on the other’s face. We made a line of pure pleasure, and the loud moans filled out the bedroom and then my whole house. Three naked girls took turns on my dick, they rode me, let me drill them from behind. I could have them any way I wanted to, and I did. I took turns on each of them, sliding deep inside of their slits, feeling their delicious wetness, and giving them exactly what they needed from me. The thing that put my erection over the top was when three naked girls got into a pyramid, giving me their wet cunts to fuck in turn. My cock moved easily from one pussy to the other! The girls pushed me back on the bed, and they gathered around my member again. Their lips and tongues were all over me, licking me, sucking me, and making me cum! 