A horny schoolgirl couldn’t stop thinking about her teacher’s cock. The crotch of her white panties were totally soaked and dripping, her juices were running down her leg as she sat in class. After school, she decided to pay him a visit. The schoolgirl sneaked inside his house, promised she would leave in case his wife came home, and turned around, rubbing her ass against the man’s dong. With his hands inside her panties, the man smiled and decided to treat the teen with the object of her desires. He whipped his fat cock out and inserted it inside the schoolgirl’s mouth, making sure that his swollen balls would rub against her puffy lips. He grabbed her hair, smearing his sweaty balls into her pretty face. I love the way she caressed his balls with her tongue! Beyond aroused, the man lifted the mouth-watering girl and took her to the bedroom, where he raised her plaid skirt and rubbed her bald pussy. Now between her legs, the kinky teacher licked the tight twat and the narrow ass, spicing things up with subtle booty spanking. The intense doggy-style railing was slow and sensual at first, but the fire burning in his balls made the experienced stud go faster and destroy the cock-craving honeypot with his mighty rod. He loved the way she was submissive towards him. With her arms held behind her back, there was nothing the young naked girl could do but moan and roll her pretty eyes. Her pussy was finally getting the hardcore lesson it had been yearning for. Aching to be on top, the schoolgirl hopped on the impressive dick and took it for a ride. The cowgirl position helped her feel the mature cock deeper inside and the big balls slapping against her tushy. After a long and bumpy ride in the reverse cowgirl position, the teen babe felt an orgasm so strong that it made her petite figure shake uncontrollably. She fell on the bed, spread her legs, and watched her pervy teacher pummel her twat missionary style. The erect and slippery shaft was out of the pussy, and now in her mouth, filling it with its salty seed. 