Cutie in a red dress gets brought into the search office by a store’s local police officer because she stole something. She had to take off her dress so he could examine if there was something underneath, but there wasn’t. The officer now demanded she takes off her underwear, her pink bra and panties so he could inspect them properly. When she removed her bra and underwear, the cop found a bracelet the girl stole from the store and claimed it was hers. A cop didn’t believe her because it was hidden, so she confessed and begged him not to put it on her record. He told her if she plays along with his game, she was free to go. He placed her hand on the bulge of his pants. The horny old man wanted her to wrap her hand around something firm and cylindrical. The shy girl noticed his erect penis through his pants when he started to unzip them, exposing his thick cock. She was hesitant, but she had to take it in her hands and caress it to please him. Then he told her to stuck her tongue a bit, and lick the tip of his penis! The girl had never done anything like this before. With disgust on her face, she had to touch his penis with her tongue. The moment she opened her sweet little mouth the old pervert just pushed his cock in her mouth. Her mouth felt goos, and he couldn’t keep from pushing in further. And he couldn’t help but wonder, if this was how good her mouth felt, how good would her tight teenage cunt feel? The officer bent the young naked girl over on the table and stuck his tongue in her fuck box, preparing her for the next step. He took his throbbing monster cock and struck her with it as she whimpered in pain because of how thick it was. She was virgin and had never fucked before. While she was in agony from his cock, he took out his phone to capture the lovely moment that was occurring. Since she wasn’t moist enough, he smothered his saliva on her cunt and pinned her on top of his schlong. After being cornered to have sex with a police officer, young naked girl owned his thick meat and rode him like a playground pony. Baby girl was moaning loud with her weakened voice as she was bouncing hard, expecting a soon orgasm. The look on her face was pure pleasure, she liked that. Cumming on her face, spraying warm, sticky cum on her pretty face, tummy and her titties was amazing! The naked girl had never seen sperm before and now she was sucking up as much his juice as she could. 