This morning when I had breakfast, I was greeted by a pair of black fishnet stockings that lured under a cute dress and a firm ass of my sexy neighbor. You could only imagine how my days and nights were when living under the same roof with a hot girl. She had a perfect slim body and every morning I had hide my morning wood bulging in my boxers. This morning she was in the kitchen giving me a perfect view of her ass, that couldn’t wait to be caressed and kneaded. She slowly lifted her dress up exposing those perfect round globes, awesome legs and white panties with pussy bulge! I couldn’t take it anymore! I came closer, removed her panties and revealed a shaved slit hiding underneath. But before my neighbor let me fuck her, she wanted to suck my cock. The moment my shaft was out of the pants, the skinny brunette knelt in front of it and sucked it hard and fast. I groaned in pleasure as I felt her mouth close around the head of my cock, tongue swirling as her hand pumped my shaft. Her blue eyes teared up from the deepthroating intensity, making me lust after the body of the tantalizing hottie. I stood up, bent the horny babe over the kitchen counter, and railed her cunny from behind. Her pussy was so soft and juicy. She wanted to get fucked as badly as I wanted to fuck her. When the beauty’s moans turned into screams, I knew she wanted more banging, so I treated her greedy coochie with my manhood. With one leg up on the counter, my sexy naked neighbor was on the verge of an orgasm. I was on the floor, letting my petite knockout ride my rod, as I watched her fiery lingerie that suited her complexion perfectly. She took her time, trying to feel every inch of my dick stretch her pussy, but the urge to cum made her pick up the speed soon enough. I lifted my sex goddess, placed her on the counter, and pummeled her balls deep missionary style. The sexy naked girl pouted her lips as an orgasm overwhelmed her, and I knew I couldn’t last much longer either. My shaft was out of the pussy, and in the bombshell’s mouth. The combination of blowing and hand strokes made me empty my load on her cute face in a blink of an eye. Whenever I feel the urge to fuck, I know that my neighbor is always up to treat me with her fun-loving pussy and throw me a show of a lifetime! 