The moment Gia’s parents left the house, she invited her BFFs over. A petite Asian bombshell Vina and an ebony stunner Jenna were at the door in no time, ready for the all ladies’ night packed with gossiping, secret sharing, and cuddling. The girls were giggling while reminiscing about the party they attended last week, about boys, talking about sexy gossip from school and quickly came up with a fiery idea. They wanted to take nude photos of each other, just for fun, but the view of naked bodies made their little pussies wet. Instead of choosing the best images, they started kissing and groping each other’s titties. Jenna’s pink mouth was twirling around Vina’s brownish nipples, making her skinny figure squirm in pleasure. But suddenly Vina stopped her. She became embarrassed, admitting that every time she is too excited her pussy becomes squirting juices. The girls were surprised and admited that they squirt too! The lustful brunette, Gia, kept looking at her friends in a naughty endeavor. The girls’ sexual curiosity got the better of them, and they agreed to play a game where the first person to squirt ‘loses’. Three naked girls laid on their backs next to each other, spread their legs wide open and began rubbing their pussies together. Gia reached a squirting orgasm first. Her pussy began to squirt high in the air like a garden hose! Her friends kept rubbing her squirting pussy with their hands to get Gia to squirt all over herself! Vina turned around, flashed a big, feminine back tattoo, and offered her shaved honeypot to her pussy licking friends. Not only was her cunt the tightest and the wettest, but also the creamiest muff that begged to be licked without mercy. The lesbian squirting oryg was so intense that the enchanting trio was soon moaning in unison, fantasizing about each other’s slippery twats. All three slits were wet beyond imagination, rubbed, tasted, and worshiped, soaking the purple sheets underneath. Gia came up with another kinky challenge for the steamy lezzies – a squirting competition.   With shy smiles on their gorgeous faces, the girls were determined to see whose cunny would squirt the most. In a matter of seconds, the naked girls were on the floor, rubbing each other’s wet cunts until orgasms overwhelmed them. The girls were spraying pussy juices all over each other. Their pussies just couldn’t stop squirting! When one of the girls squirted, the other two managed to catch some of it in their mouths. It was time to grab fuck toys. The vibrating tool buzzed while pressed against Vina’s squirting snatch, and her puffy lips smiled while she sprayed lesbians’ faces and tits with the love juice. Jenna smeared it all over her big boobs and continued rubbing two smashing twats, until her ebony skin was fully coated with the clear juice. The naked girls pleasured each other with fingers, tongues, and a vibrator to produce more squirt, and tried various sex positions including tribbing and a daisy chain/triangle. Gia and Vina were scissoring wildly, cumming hard, while the black goddess sat on the brunette’s face and moved her hips in a circular motion to feel the tongue fuck her hole. The host of the wicked slumber party was on all fours, moaned and screamed, feeling two tongues lick her ass and beaver that made her figure shake uncontrollably. The Asian temptress still wanted more, so she lay on a big bed, spread her legs, and begged to be licked until another spurt of pussy fluid sprayed all over Gia’s pretty face. Fingers entered the velvety slits, fucked the hypnotic twats hard and deep, making all three pulsate in mind-blowing orgasms. Three naked girls also did three-way kissing with tongue so they could enjoy the taste of so much squirting. Welcome to Modern-Day Sins, the first full-inclusive premium pervert porn themed after the 7 deadly sins, dedicated to the most popular porn tropes and acts. Premium Sinful and Pervert Porn!