Gorgeous Skylar and her boyfriend were in bed hooking up. Unknown to the couple, firey redhead Scarlett was spying on them and having some fun of her own. She watched as her friend unbuttoned his pants, and took out his had and massive cock. The horny babe pulled her tits out, slid her hand down her pants and began rubbing hrt nipples and her clit, watching her roommate suck her bf’s cock. From the moment the dude arrived, he couldn’t stop looking at his girlfriend’s roommate. Granted, the gorgeous redhead was wearing tight leggings and tiny tops that showed off her beautiful and curvy figure. Suddenly Skylar stopped, and got out of the room, looking for a scrunchie. She wanted to give her bf an extra sloppy blow job and she needed all the hair out of her face. Scarlett couldn’t keep away. She crawled into the room and grabbed his cock. She sucked on his dick, teasing him. When he opened his eyes and saw his girlfriend’s slutty roommate he was unable to say no. She pulled her leggings down exposing her big bubble ass. The lucky guy was ready to fuck that cunt but his girlfriend called out to him. The naked roommate quickly hid in the closet. His girlfriend pushhed him onto the bed and climbed him. Moaning as she grinded the moist lips of her cunt against him, she grabbed his cock and guided it into her. The roommate was watching them fucking. He smacked his girlfriend’s big ass and sucked on her tits as she straddled him. The other babe was rubbing her cunt furiously, watching them. She just kept going until suddenly she began to squirt! The dude had never seen a girl squirting! He rushed to the roommate’s room to lick and fuck her squrting cunt. The slut was bouncing on his cock as fast as she could, his cock slamming into her and her ass slapping against his balls. But as the boyfriend got careless, his girlfriend got into her room, and he got to pound both of these horny and skilled girls! Two naked girls stuck their asses out invitingly towards him. He fucked both babes, alternatively dipping his cock into one’s cunt and then the other, or from one’s cunt to the other’s mouth, or having one sit on his face and the other on his cock! 