While having my morning coffee, my stepdaughter rushed into the house crying and whimpering loudly. She ran to her room, and I followed her right behind to see why is she upset. I tried to comfort her while she was crying on the bed, and she told me how her boyfriend cheated. Suddenly she turned around and kissed me on the lips, which confused me. My stepdaughter unbuttoned her pink top revealing her beautiful small tits to me. I couldn’t restrain myself anymore, so I fondled her boobs gently with my hands and bent over to suck on her nips. I slid her white pants down to her knees and lifted her legs so I could stick my tongue in her. When I took her pants off completely and threw them on the floor, she spread her legs for me. I put my tongue in her beautiful young pussy and sucked her clit until she came all over my mouth. The other day I was having breakfast with my stepdaughter, and she told me how she had been desperate, but I had made her feel perfect like no boyfriend before. When I peeked on the side of the table, her dress was pulled up, revealing her crotch with no panties on. My stepdaughter was in front of me, smearing her juices all over her clit with her fingers. The young horny girl then crawled under the table in front of my knees, looking me in the eyes while taking my pants off. My slutty daughter took my penis into her hand and called me daddy before putting it in her mouth. After that happened, I tried to have a serious conversation with her about it, but she wouldn’t listen. She told me if I fuck her, she wouldn’t bother me ever again and spread her legs in her white shorts. I took off her shorts, and she bent over on the couch, spreading her lips as they called for me to enter inside. When I smeared my saliva all over her moist cunt I took my meat and entered her petite body, separating her inside walls. My dick was hard as a rock from it, and I slapped her cute little ass. The skinny naked girl pinned herself on my dick over and over again in a doggy-style position like all those girls in porn movies. She stopped and pushed me onto the bed, proceeding to sit on my cock and riding me as fast as she could. The baby girl whimpered loudly while riding me like a wild horse competing for some award on national television. I wasn’t doing anything, and I was laying there as she watched me into the eyes, getting out of breath from riding me wildly. She began twitching her legs and rolling her eyes when, and then I  felt a wet sensation down my dick. 