My girlfriend and I were having fun at our home, and she started to strip in front of me. She removed everything and spread her bare ass cheeks in front of me. I asked her to continue what she was doing to the next level, so she grabbed my hand and pulled me into our room. Her dirty mind remembered that she possessed a pink dildo, so my beautiful naked girlfriend laid on her back, spread her legs up and slid the raw pink dildo in her vagina. The sex toy made her little pussy moist and wet. Looking at her lovely pussy in that state, I had to lick her juices all up until there was nothing left of it. Holding her ass cheeks spread wide open with both hands I ate not only her pussy but her ass as well. Then I laid on my back looking into her cock hungry eyes, and she knew what she had to do at that exact moment. She grabbed my veiny meat and put it in her mouth, dripping with drool down her chin like a whore on cocaine. My cock is covered in her spit and saliva, which was a perfect lube for what’s coming next. My princess positioned herself in a cowgirl pose and proceeded to squat on my hard schlong. She was so full of energy, and her hard breathing turned me on as our body fluids were mixing. My precum and her puss juices were sliding down my nuts from her hole that was now sloppy and messy.   Her pussy was very pink, surrounded by ivory skin, and it was making my dick harder than ever. As she was in a trance on my dick, her beautifully perky breasts were bouncing in sync with her body. I was careless, and I came deep into her vagina. Rivulets of cum began leaking out of her pussy. The feeling of my hot cum filling her body sent her over the edge. My babe just slipped my fuck stick back into her cum filled pussy and kept slamming herself hard onto it. Her twat was making the sloppiest noises because my semen was playing the role of a lubricant. I released another huge load of jizz in her cunt, and it was dripping down her ass cheeks, but that wasn’t enough. She turned around and pinned herself on my still erect meat and slammed her ass cheeks repeatedly against my balls. My cum from two previous times was building up on my dick as I told her to fuck me just like that. I was about to cum again, so I did while my built-up cum was dripping down her thigh. My little cum slut was craving more, so I put her into doggy style and railed the shit out of her until I came again. We were fucking for hours, and I lost count of how many times I cummed, but she was destroyed. I used her as my cum bucket and filled her until there was no space left.