All the lush greenery in the garden has the country teen babe’s natural impulses coming out, but her boyfriend was too busy choring to play with her. The greenhouse was the only room, the only space that they haven’t been naughty in, and she wanted to fix that. She promised to let him have free rein with her boobies if he took a few pics of her, and soon the sexy young babe was giving her boyfriend a sexy striptease and a lapdance. He watched her body, her tight ass in cute denim shorts, and her perky tits were covered with a loose button-down shirt. This beautiful brunette started with her top, baring her tits and teasing her nipples while her boyfriend watched. She took her hard nipple between her thumb and index finger, pulling on them and pinching them. He watched her, with his phone in his hand, recording her every move. Being watched and recorded awoke a new feeling inside of her. Her eager fingers left her nipples and found the button of her shorts. She slowly took them off, teasing her boyfriend with every inch. When it was finally off, he traced her perfect body, her perfect ass, and her cute red thongs. She was extremely beautiful and had a perfect body. Perky breasts and a bubble butt that gave any man a raging one. He put the phone away, and they moved to the big table in the middle of the glass garden. He laid down, with his pants, off, and his naked girlfriend was standing in between his legs.   She leaned in, closer to his cock, and she wrapped her delicate hand around it. Her juicy lips found their way to his shaft, and as she started sucking on it, lightly and slowly, her hand moved up and down. Her movements earned a low grunt from him, and that encouraged her to speed up. The naked girl picked up her pace and took him deeper into her mouth. As his huge cock was sliding in and out of her wet mouth, she made sure to graze the tip of his cock with her gentle tongue, knowing how it drives him crazy. He turned her and entered her from behind, sliding into her wetness until her tight vagina completely enfolded him. His huge balls were slapping against the lips of her swollen pussy. The feeling of his huge cockhead stretching her pussy had her going insane. She was cumming all over his cock, again and again. Soon the sexy teen was on top of him, with his rod buried deep inside of her, and jumping up and down on his length. This country babe kept her boots on as she rode her boyfriend’s dick, giving us a great view of her bubble booty! The hot naked teen was squirming, and grinding her cute ass around in a circle and thrusting her pelvis. He grabbed onto her tight ass, helping her maintain balance, as she rode him like a pro, and taking in every last drop of his jizz.