The house was big enough for all of his four wives, and him to live together, in polygamous harmony. Since he married gorgeous ladies, and every single one of them was madly in love with him, he found a way to organize their sex life. Every day, he would go to the calendar and see which of his smoking hot wives gets a turn on his dick. Today, he walked into the kitchen and saw one of his ladies in the kitchen, making food, and looking even better in a slutty yellow outfit. He came up behind her and put his arms around her waist, his hands traveled from her waist to her beautiful breasts. Suddenly his other wives walked into the kitchen, looking frustrated. The girls looked at him, demanding to reveal a name on the calendar. As he pulled a card, and revealed the name of the wife he was groping seconds ago, he was feeling happy. But the rest of his wives were bubbling with sexual frustration. He lead his wife back to the bedroom, and it didn’t take them too long before both of them were naked, and she was under him. The beautiful naked woman wrapped her legs around him, pulling him in closer, and feeling his dick deeper inside of her. He thrust into her with power, with force, making her screams of pleasure spill out into the house and reach the other sister wives.   While the couple was busy, other girls were forming an alliance, a rebellion. These girls couldn’t take the ridiculous schedule and they needed a change. As these three MILFs were thinking about plans, the freshly banged wife joined in with them. They had had enough! Husband needed to fuck everyone in that house! So they all marched into the living room and told him the new rules of this house. These MILFs were entitled to his cock by marriage, and he has to fuck them as much as they want! Four horny wives gathered around his rod, taking turns sucking it, kissing it, licking it. He was in heaven, and as the girls quickly found their roles in this new group activity, all of the women took turns on his cock. While one hot naked MILF was riding him, the other was sitting on his face, pushing her soaking wet slit into his mouth and letting his tongue explore her snatch. All of these wives were horny beyond measure, and the only cock they wanted was his. But that didn’t mean that they didn’t play with each other while waiting in line. The husband made sure to please each cunt and give his wives what they were begging him for it. Finally, after rounds and rounds, he had four naked women lined up and bent over on the couch. He pounded every single one of them from behind until they were ready to cum for him. He saved up his jizz, and once the wives were happy he realized his juices and gave them a little taste each.