Another hot lesbian scene featuring sexy girls. Slayed gets better and better and becomes the lesbian porn site with the most beautiful naked girls! The two gorgeous blonde girls were playing dirty dice and the game showed a new dare. The dice showed ‘neck’ and ‘kiss’. The smaller stunner moved closer to her girlfriend. She reached to move her soft blonde hair off of her shoulder. Her lips were inches away, and the blonde receiving the kiss felt goosebumps forming on her skin, as her girlfriend placed her soft lips on her skin. The kiss lasted seconds, but it lingered on her skin for hours to come. She moved away, not too much, and with one shared look of approval, the blonde pushed her girlfriend on her back and climbed over her. She crashed her lips with hers, and she took off her panties while never leaving her lips. Two beautiful naked girls were on the big bad, hugging and kissing passionately. Nipples pressed against each other. Lips locked together both girls hands were exploring each other’s bodies. The sexy little lesbian parted her girlfriend’s long legs and connected her lips with her pussy lips. Her wetness spread in her mouth, and she devoured her harder, deeper. I just love the pussy closeups so hot in this scene! Little lesbian kept working that clit with her lips and tongue, alternately sucking on it, licking it, licking around it! Pulling her pubic hair her girlfriend began grinding her wet pussy lips against her mouth, smearing her pussy juices all over her pretty face. She used her fingers to tease her opening, while her lips were still glued to her swollen clit. With a few more thrusts of her fingers, and a few more flicks of her tongue her beautiful blonde girlfriend came undone under her. The cutie was quick to reverse their roles, and make her now girlfriend scream louder than she did minutes before. With the sexy blonde on her knees and her ample booty hanging in the air, her girlfriend unleashed full force on her, even delivering double barreled hard two finger action. Two naked girls began to kiss passionately again, as their grinding pussies creamed female cum against each other. Sweet, platinum, blond overload! Thoroughly enjoyed this. Love the pussy closeups, passionate kissing, the dirty talk, great rimming and amazing pussy licking. 