Three flexible, gorgeous, and enticing ballerinas had hopped into their classy bodysuits and were twirling around, demonstrating their supreme dancing skills. As soon as their teacher left the room, they started kissing. The tall and busty blonde was the first one to expose a pair of supple boobs and let her lesbian friends lick her pinkish nipples. While the brunette was focused on the left breast, the petite ash-blonde savored the taste of the right one, feeling the incredible desire to lower her lips down the stunning goddess’s body and taste her pussy. The naughty dancer was standing up, with one leg up, feeling a probing tongue lick her butt hole while inquisitive fingers were rubbing the velvety folds of her snatch. To add more fire to the already mind-blowing session, the brown-haired stunner dipped her finger in and out of the wet lips to moisten it and inserted it inside her friend’s tight asshole! Feeling a finger there, the sexy ballerina pushed her cute ass back, moaning with delight at the feeling of her friend’s finger caressing her anus. She knew the orgasm was building up, so she kept going, fucked the asshole faster and deeper, licking her pussy slit until the impressive figure of the erotic kitten began shaking in a dazzling orgasm. Ballerina’s nipples stood up, proving the immense pleasure she felt that made her turn and focus on the brunette’s petite body and an aching cunny. After kissing her small chest tattoo and a fit tummy embellished by a piercing, the sultry temptress licked her fingers and inserted them deep inside her lesbian friend’s muff. There was something about watching her fingers disappear inside the slippery void that made the blonde go even faster, sending waves of pleasure through the ravishing ballerina’s body. The only sound in the dance class was the wet, sound of tongues sliding in and out of their pussies. Three naked lesbains were in a steamy 69, while a lengthy and fat strap-on fucked their narrow pussies from behind, treating them with more orgasms. It’s always a thrill to see feminine women pleasuring one another! Watch these three ballet dancers turning a ballet dance class to a steaming lesbian sexual activity. 