The blonde’s favorite pastime was jogging and flirting with her neighbor. She loved teasing the man when she knew he was watching by stretching her body and flashing her big tits at him. He hadn’t had pussy in months, so when his busty neighbor flirted with him through the window, flashing her beautiful boobies he just pulled his cock out and waved back. But his girlfriend caught him red handedly. Later he was spying on his sexy neighbor sunbathing in a tiny pink bikini. The hot blonde teen sat there knowing that he was looking at her naked tits. Her nipples were hard and sticking out from each breast. She lowered her hand to her crotch, while the other massaged her boob. Attracted to the athletic and always horny neighbor, the guy discovered magical powers that helped him teleport her to his room, where he finally could reach her sizzling assets. There she was, wearing a pink bikini, with a lengthy shaft inside her mouth. Proving to be the slut of his dreams, the dazzling coquette wanted to shove the whole length of his penis down her throat and coat it with her saliva, twerking her big bubble booty. The massive dick fucked her throat, making her eyes roll and tear up. His girlfriend almost caught him fucking their neighbor! Unable to resist the charms of a bubbly booty, the hunk guided the ash-blonde on top of his dick and squeezed her plush boobs while the cowgirl enjoyed the steamy rodeo. Reverse cowgirl ride turned the angelic sweetheart into an insatiable tigress that kept sliding up and down the mega shaft, coating it with love juices coming out of her creamy pussy. To treat her favorite neighbor with a booty-shaking session, the blonde went on all fours and made her butt cheeks bounce as her hips moved towards the manhood to feel it deep inside. With the desire to watch his cock getting devoured by the shaved snatch, the hunk guided the hot blonde on her back and fucked her missionary style, pushing her legs back as far as he could. Loud moans and the feeling of pussy walls tightening around his shaft made it clear that the blondie was about to cum, so he kept going until the bald slit began pulsating from pleasure. After realizing that the dick was ready to shoot jizz, the stunning seductress knelt in front of it and let it spray her face with the sticky spunk. 