She went to the gynecologist for a yearly check-up to confirm if everything was fine with her pussy. The innocent girl took her panties off and laid on her back when two doctors came in. When she lifted her dress, her bald smooth pussy was exposed to the two doctors working together. The guys came closer when the first one massaged her clit, making her fuck hole pulsate and open up. He noticed there was arousal but no natural lubricant, so he stuck his finger inside to see if something would happen. They spread her pink pussy lips more. The pussy spreading is first class here with excellent close up shots of her clitoris. The doctor fingered her tight cunt, but there was no vaginal fluids insight. He took a big vibrator and placed it on her clit to the maximum level, making her moan loudly. Her young 18 year old pussy was finaslly moist and creamy, but the doctors wanted to perform another procedure. They began taking off her clothes and sucking on her tits. The naked girl made out with one of the doctors while another one was kissing her pussy. Then the young naked girl kneeled on the floor when the guys took their penises out, so she used both her mouth and hands. The doctors used her mouth like some glory hole, and she was being passed around and pulled by her hair. One cock after the other she slipped into her mouth, enjoying the taste. The doctors laid on their backs together, so she placed herself in a reverse cowgirl and whimpered. She pounced on his dick like it was a pony ride while the other doctor was wanking off his dick to that sight. Again they passed her around like a little slut, and she was pinning herself on one cock then the other one. The princess had two holes, so they figured they didn’t need to toss her around. While riding one doctor, her mouth was busy with another doctor’s meat. One by one they pulled out their cocks from her little cunt just in time to splatter her face with globs of cum. Naked girl orgasmed and received a huge load of semen on her face. Getting facialed multiple times her head soon was covered in their sticky sperm. Yearly gynecologist check-up went wrong, or right? 