Nurse was taking care of her patient when his wife came unexpectedly with the flowers to check him up. DAMN, this blonde slut is fucking HOT, and she decided to take advantage of her last shift with him before his wife requested that Kenzie be taken off of his rounds! She exposed his cock and started to rub it until it got hard, but he couldn’t fight it because it felt so good. He was weak, and after the sexy nurse stripped her uniform, revealing her sexy red lingerie, he was even weaker. When she saw his thick and long monster cock, she immediately took it in her slutty mouth and began licking and sucking wildly. She stroked his prick, keeping it nice and wet, his balls in her mouth being massaged by her tongue. That close up of her pretty, slutty face when she is sucking his cock, looking into his eyes, fucking awesome. Sexy naked nurse got on top of him and removed her red thong to the side, and slammed herself down the huge ten inches of his thick cock. She was arching her back to let him go balls deep. Her facial expressions are such a turn on. Her insides were being torn apart as he squeezed her ass cheeks, making her even hole even tighter. She eradicated her panties and got on top of his face putting her twat in his mouth. The nurse rode his tongue even harder and faster than his dick and leaked all her pussy juices over his face. He pushed her on the bed and lifted her legs, and after a few thrusts, he came hard. Rubbing his hot cock against her clit, he came all over her belly, and she picked up the cum with her fingers, aggressively putting it in her mouth. While her insides were being demolished by his cock with hardcore thrusts, she was desperate for more. The slutty nurse slid her fingers from her mouth stained with his cum on her clitoris and massaged it like crazy. Her cunt began to squirt! He grabbed her by the neck and sped up, even more, making her squirt more and more. Her pussy clenched his cock so hard that he couldn’t take it anymore, and he released everything inside of her pussy. I can’t get enough of her perfect beautiful ass while she’s being fucked. This blonde is hot and I love the way she has sex. Damn this is probably the hottest video I’ve ever seen! 