The young couple is happy together. They fuck all the time, but something seems to be missing in the bedroom. A tall and lovely blonde wanted to do something special for her boyfriend, something he would never forget and make him cum like never before. The surprise was in the form of a petite stunner, Lily, who boasted small but firm tits, a great smile, and an incredible sex drive. The moment she heard the kinky proposal, she hurried to her friend’s house and began rubbing her lovely ass against the man’s shaft, feeling it grow bigger and stiffer. Her small titties were already out of her skimpy top, and the man’s erect prick was in her hands. As he was placing himself in a chair, his girlfriend’s friend took her panties off and shook her booty in front of him. The girlfriend was watching her boyfriend fucking the skinny kitten and felt fulfilled and aroused for seeing her man being so happy. Sexy babe was bouncing up and down the shaft reverse cowgirl style, strangely aroused by the fact that someone was watching. He splashed his hot cum inside of her as her pussy milked his cock. The girl was screaming with pleasure and both of them were shaking after they came together. The new couple kept giggling, having a hard time believing that all of this was a reality.   The trio took the steamy action to the living room, where the girlfriend was checking her phone while Lily was tasting her boyfriend’s dick. The blondie spat and drooled all over the fat schlong as strong hands were wandering around her ass. Cock sucking was just a beginning that made both lovers undress. Now fully naked, the arousing couple was fucking doggy-style, acting like they were alone in the room. Lily’s shaved muff was pummeled hard and fast, but the desire to intensify the stretchy feeling between her legs made her grab her butt cheeks and spread them as much as she could. The naked girl was used as a personal sex toy and loved every second of the way. Ready to cum, the belle guided her lover to a sideways position that let reach her clit and rub it vigorously, to the verge of an orgasm. After her slippery gem got licked and slurped on, the always-horny tart started another cock rodeo that was faster and more intense than ever. The skinny naked girl rocked her hips back and forth, rubbing her pearl against the man’s cock, until an orgasm hit her body like a wave. She came and trembled as her lover’s lips kissed her face and neck. Ready for a new round, Lily placed herself on a white sofa and welcomed the majestic dick deep inside her fuck hole. Missionary style screwing soon became passionate and fast, treating the skinny girl with another unforgettable orgasm. Lip biting, eye-rolling, and loud moans became too much for the man. The lucky stud pulled out and inserted his shaft inside the cutie’s sweet mouth, going all the way deep to her throat. Unable to control himself any longer, the guy sprayed her happy face and her lips with his creamy sperm.