This seemed like the worst day of my life. Not only did my car break down, but my phone also died, so I was heading to the first bar to get a couple of drinks and loosen up a little. I approached a full-breasted blonde that seemed to be a bartender only to be informed that the bar was closed. I couldn’t believe it! She kept going on about how she’d get in trouble if she served me drinks, but my eyes stayed focused on her tits. As she polished a glass, her jiggly hooters hypnotized me with their bouncing, promising that my bad luck was about to change. It looked like I wasn’t the only one having a rough day. The hot busty babe complained about a stressful working atmosphere and the nuisance of having to deal with rude customers every single day. All of a sudden, we realized we were alone. I sat down because what happened next blew me away. The tanned and busty bartender removed her denim shorts and showed me her naked big ass that shook and swayed in front of me. Pieces of clothing were flying around, and the tantalizing hottie was standing on a bar, fully nude and ready to have fun. The bombshell’s curves were out of this world, and I was dying to put my hands on them. She sat on the edge of the bar counter and spread her gorgeous legs in front of me! Now I was looking at her beautiful pussy, lips open and glistening with her love juices, her erect love bud sticking out from under her hood. I started with her shaved pussy that tasted as great as it looked.   Pussy licking set the blonde on fire and made her wish to reciprocate. The blowjob she gave me was beyond great – it was fast, intense, and sloppy, just the way I liked it! Every woman in the world needs lessons from her. This is exactly how a man dick should be sucked! I fucked her throat and desired to try another hole. We were fooling around in a standing doggy in the middle of an empty bar, making each other’s day suddenly look way more promising. Once we moved the steamy action to a sofa, we screwed missionary style, and I could see right away that the hottie liked it rough. With my hand around her neck, I destroyed her cunt balls deep. The harder I fucked her and squeezed her neck, the louder her moans became. This was my chance to channel the accumulated stress elsewhere and get rid of the frustration, so I kept pumping as hard as I could. Her big tits were jiggling with each thrust, and I kept kissing her while I fucked her really hard. On the brink of an orgasm, the curvaceous smasher took my dong for a ride reverse cowgirl style, allowing me to squeeze her big bubble ass and pinch her nipples. I was holding the tanned body and watched it bounce while the soaked cunt was cumming all over my shaft. Finally pleased, the hot naked blonde wanted to finish the fuck session with a blowjob. She gorged on my dick like a hungry kitten who desperately needed to drink the salty milk. I sprayed my lover’s face with my seed and watched her savor every drop of it with a grin on her face.