Two girls and their stepbrothers got together after school, and the three of them played truth or dare. The game quickly became a hot makeout session and then went beyond before being interrupted by the other guy. When he arrived and saw his friend and his sister licking his own sister’s pussy, he freaked out! His sister was on her back with her legs open and they were licking her pussy together! They explained how they were playing truth or dare and got carried away, so his friend pulled him to the side. The friend asked him to swap their sisters since they seemed down for it, and he has a crush on his friend’s stepsis. When he agreed, they swapped and made out with the schoolgirls when they unzipped their pants. The girls exposed their dicks and started to suck on them simultaneously next to each other. They were both feasting on their cocks with their saliva sliding down their nuts, leaving the stain on the sheets. One horny schoolgirl got on the back as her friend got on top of her in reverse, putting her twat into her friend’s face. While she had her cunt in her face, her pussy was getting hammered in front of the other girl’s face. The second brother put his dick into his friend’s sister cunny while her juices were dripping on her friend’s face. The girl got on top of her friend’s stepbrother in reverse cowgirl position and began squatting on his cock. As she was bouncing on his dick, her friend was teasing her clit while her cunt was being hammered from the back. Then the naked girls laid on their backs, inviting the boys to fuck their pussies. While grabbing their legs, the boys smashed their pussies together at the same time in sync, making them whimper. Two young naked girls moaned together as their pussies were being railed. The guys were mesmerized when their sisters rode their cocks reverse cowboy. At the end the schoolgirls got on the floor next to each other and began hand jacking the brother’s cocks, making them cum all over their faces simultaneously. 