A nerdy teenager has decided to take a significant step toward a more serious relationship with his girlfriend, Kylie. He invites the sexy brunette to his house in the hopes of getting some action, but she appears to be more interested in her social media than in him. Kylie stares at her phone, entirely uninterested in the conversation, as she is introduced to Lexi, the guy’s stepmom, and his annoying brother. While the busty MILF is watching, the guy tries to grope his girlfriend’s tits on a couch, but she keeps pushing him away. Desperate to fuck the teen, the dude asks for his brother’s advice. Now finally feeling confident, he whips his cock out and puts it right in front of the brunette’s face, but she looks disgusted, flicks his cock with her index finger, and keeps scrolling. While the hipster runs to the bedroom to cry his older brother tries his luck with his girlfriend. The dude just releases his dong from his pants, puts it right on the phone screen, and dazzles the chick with the size of his rod! The girl kisses the pecker and licks it slowly. Feeling down and depressed, the teen stud with glasses is in his room. Luckily, he is not alone. His voluptuous stepmom is there to console him and offer a helping hand that reaches for the erect shaft that yearns for passionate love. While her hand caresses the hard rod, her big tits are getting squeezed and licked, making her lovely twat go soaked wet.   Determined to help her stepson with his swollen balls, the mommy keeps jerking his cock and welcomes a spurt of spunk on the palms of her hands. Now even hornier, the guy goes over to his girlfriend and demands they fuck. After lowering her jeans, she turns around and lets the dude screw her doggy-style, but her gaze remains fixed on the screen. This pity fuck session isn’t enough for the young man, so he gets up and finally gives up. Once again, her boyfriend’s brother is there to treat Kylie with the fat dick that seems to grab her attention. After finally dropping her phone, the petite stunner moves her hips to feel the manhood deep inside her shaved cunt as they fuck doggy-style. Not even the fact that the couple almost gets caught fucking on the sofa makes them stop. They moan and groan in unison, enjoying each other’s young figures, united in a mission to make their bodies shake in pleasure. Desperate for more, the hipster teen lays on her back and rolls her eyes while the mighty joystick screws her bald coochie. Mom catches them fucking, and can’t miss a chance to play with the teens. The MILF and her stepson high five as he continues to pummel the cunt, and the brunette mommy sits on Kylie’s face, making her lick her cunt. While the wicked cougar cums all over her stepson’s girlfriend’s tongue, his older brother keeps fucking his girlfriend deep and hard. This slut really knows how to make a great first impression on his family!