Dude has brought his girlfriend Kylie home for the first time, hoping to get some action but it looks like everyone in his family, his slutty stepmom and his brother, will fuck his girlfriend except for him! She has already sucked his brother’s cock but his stepmom gave him a pity handjob to boost his confidence. While the girlfriend is having sex with his brother on the couch right in the living room, the stepmom sees them fucking. The teens don’t care, but neither does she, so the MILF naturally lifts her dress, revealing her shaved cunt and just gets on top of the girl’s face. She begins licking her clit with no question as her boyfriend’s older brother is slamming her pussy on the other end. While she is eating her out and whimpering like a bitch she proceeds to pinch her hard nips to tease her even more. The MILF wants some cock too, she gets on all fours with her gorgeous ass up in the air. The teen girl lies on her back, spreading her legs, waiting with her moist pussy. The mommy starts circling with her tongue on her clitoris when her stepson fucks her from behind. Horny MILF wiggles her ass on his cock while working out her tongue. After exchanging places to taste his hog, he lies on the couch and relaxes with his big erect cock exposed. The naked girls both come close to his dick to feast on it together with their cock-hungry mouths. His stepmom and his brother’s girlfriend take turns sucking his cock and licking his huge nuts. When his dick is dripping with their spit, his stepmom gets on top of him and rides him like a pony at a race. Her moist twat is sliding on his hard veiny cock so easily until she squirts all over him with the teen watching. Then the girl jumps onto his cock. He puts his hands behind his head and just watches her bouncing on it having one orgasm after another. At the end both naked girls get into the doggy-style position next to each other with their asses in the air! He gets behind them and starts to fuck them, moving his cock from one pussy to the next. 