Working overtime has always been my worst nightmare, but things got a little more tolerable when my new colleague, a young busty brunette, was working beside me. I loved her milky complexion and cute face that seemed so innocent while she flirted with me. We were alone in the office when I stood up and approached her, releasing a pair of soft melons that immediately found their way inside my mouth. Their sweet fleshy smell made my dick stand up in an instant, turning me into a horny mess that couldn’t control himself any longer. The brunette kept squirming in her chair, moaning in my ear, making me squeeze her hooters and concentrate on her delish nipples. Her young teenage pussy was equally gorgeous. I moved her panties to the side and rubbed the pink pearl before kneeling down just to savor its sweet taste. Her clit was already soaked wet, and I was happy to lick all of the juice and replace it with my warm spit. The girl stood fully naked before me; she had a nice body; big firm tits, a lovely heart shaped ass, small waist, bald pussy and great legs. Unable to resist the urge to suck my erect cock, my young colleague knelt in front of me and gave me a blowjob of a lifetime! The combination of sensual licking and dirty looks made me groan and shake and guide her straight on the desk.   Our office was soon filled with moans as we fucked missionary style. Trying to savor every second of the way, I took my time and used the opportunity to squeeze the plush and soft tits of my new lover. I wanted to let her take charge and see if she was as horny as me. I sat on a chair and let her ride my solid cock. With my eyes fixed on her well-shaped and bouncy breasts, I enjoyed the rhythm of fucking and encouraged her to keep going. Unbelievably hot, the naked girl was bouncing up and down, loving the way my hands were placed on her fiery butt cheeks. It turned out that she was a talented cowgirl, so I wanted to try the reverse cowgirl position with her. I enjoyed the view of her amazing breasts swaying as she rode me. Surprising me with her skill and stamina once again, I held her hips and helped her fuck me until her sensational body was overwhelmed with sexual pleasure. The brunette wasn’t the only one who couldn’t control her body anymore – I emptied my balls inside the snatch, taking my cock out only to let the creampie ooze down the fuck hole. Instead of going back to work, we fucked again, now doggy-style. With her body in a chair, my foxy colleague enjoyed as I porked her cunny from behind with all the strength I had in my body. The moment I felt the pussy throb and pulsate around my prick I picked up the speed and treated my favorite cunt with another juicy creampie, leaving it slippery and moist.