Anny has always been secretly jealous of her sister. She watched her and her handsome boyfriend having a blast whenever they were together, and that irritated her so much that she decided to split the couple apart. One day, when everyone else was out hiking, she stayed behind, waiting for her sister’s lover to wake up and enter the kitchen. The blondie’s plan seemed to be working. The erotic vixen flirted with the man openly, promising that she would keep their dirty little secret. Although the idea seemed wrong and too pervy, the man couldn’t resist the all-natural body and the pretty face of Anny. Instead of looking for his girlfriend, he was now kissing the charming teen, feeling his prick rise inside his jeans. Stunner’s soft strokes over the pants made him even hornier, and the sweet scent of the doll’s skin helped him forget about his inhibitions. He lowered the sexy girl to the sofa, where he lifted her top and licked her nipples while his hands squeezed and touched her perky tits. Wearing nothing but tight denim shorts, the seductive nymphet took his cock in her hands and savored its fleshy taste. Her tongue was exploring every inch of the majestic tool, starting from the shaved balls to the pinkish and stiff tip. Drool coated the whole length of the penis, making it slippery enough for the upcoming hardcore games. Sloppy blowjob turned the hunk into a sex-crazed animal that stood up, removed Anny’s jeans and panties, and began licking her bald pussy.   As her delicate feet were resting on the stud’s strong shoulders, his tongue tickled and aroused her clit that sent waves of pleasure all over her ivory body. As an orgasm was building up, the stunner’s nips went up, proving the beauty’s desire for rough penetration. Finally, Anny’s hottest fantasy became a reality – her sister’s boyfriend was on top of her, screwing her missionary style, and she enjoyed it so much that it made her cum. Although her body was already pleased, her lips begged for more, and the hunk obeyed with pleasure. He helped her climb his dick and moved his hips to invade her twat. The couple was so crazy about each other that they tried every fucking position. His hands were roaming her gorgeous body. Her tits especially were superb, wonderful handfuls of delicious flesh topped by puffed nipples. The sexy naked girl was on all fours, pummeled doggy-style, as her tits bounced so hard that they slapped against each other. The stud just wouldn’t and couldn’t stop, set on a mission to make the bombshell’s body shake and tremble in a session of unforgettable orgasms. There was something about the fact that he was cheating on his girlfriend with her sister that added more spice to the wild lovemaking, that made him pump so hard and so deep that his cock began throbbing and spraying cum inside Anny’s tight fuck hole.