Two friends drove around town looking for a gorgeous girl that is up for a whole day of steamy fun. When they pulled up on the parking lot, they noticed a sweet brunette sitting alone in her car. They parked next to her and started talking with her. The girl was gorgeous, her dark hair went down her back, and her slutty outfit caught the guys’ attention immediately. The hottie agreed to come with them on their mission to film their own amateur porn video. As soon as she sat down in the backseat, she was all over one of the guys. While the other drove a little too fast, so that they would get to their place quicker, she was busy with sucking off his best friend. Once they got to the house and managed to get into the bedroom, this girl was soaking wet. She laid down on the bed, while one of the guys took off her clothes, and started caressing her curvy body. With her head tilted back and his cock thrusting into her mouth, his cum-swollen balls slapped her nose. This horny babe loves deepthroating! She grabbed his buttocks with her hands and pushed him deeper into her throat swallowing his cock, working her tongue. The dude held on to her big titties, squeezing her nipples! Being able to hold back anymore he spread her legs and pushed it in with one hard thrust. He began pounding her wet cunt non-stop. He had her legs spread as much as they would go, and as he was drilling her slit. His friend was there to film everything. He was fucking her so hard now that her tits were jumping all over her chest. Wrapping her hair around his fist, he kept fucking her from behind. Never stopping his long, deep hard thrusts. Continuing the same fast pace. She screamed like a whore as his pelvic bone slammed against her big bubble ass. Her pussy drenched him in her juices, cumming all over his dick while she squealed and gasped for air. Both guys took their turns pounding her, making this slutty brunette orgasm non-stop. This breathtaking chick milked both of their rods until she couldn’t stop shaking from pleasure. 