Two teen girls decided to make some hot content to post online to make some money from it. The sisters picked up two vibrators they had ordered online and got ready to film. Dakota, with short hair, took off her panties and told her sister Harlow to do the same. When two young naked girls turned on the camera, Dakota put her tongue on her sister’s crotch and licked around her hole. The girls placed themselves on the bed with the toys in their hands. They recorded themselves putting their little vibrators in the creamy holes while bent over. When the naked girls lay on the bed, they took their phones to record themselves touching each other’s clits. The sisters rubbed each other’s young pussies and titties and moaned together. They were masturbating together and moaning when they kissed, but then their stepdad appeared at the door. The girls freaked out when he caught them like this, but they decided to lure him and convince him to join them for the show! He was not happy with the idea to make money this way but how can you refuse when two young naked girls ask you to help them out. His slutty stepdaughters pushed him onto the bed and took his pants off! Two young naked girls took his big dick and started to caress it together, lick it and suck it. They removed their clothes with the vibrators still into their little vaginas and took the oil to spill it on their small tits. The pigtailed blondie put some oil on her daddy’s meat and sucked it some more while her sis rubbed her clit to it.   Dakota got on top of her dad and pinned herself down on his huge cock, slowly moaning how big he was. She struggled to ride him while her sister was supportive from the back and massaged her perky tits. Onw little girl rode her daddy with her tight pussy while her sister massaged her clitoris and kissed her on the soft mouth. When she came on her daddy’s cock, her sister’s turn was up, so she got on top of him in reverse cowgirl position. She was on her all four and rode him like a little slut while Dakota was pushing her sister’s pale ass cheeks down. Daddy took Harlow in a doggy position and railed her tight teen pussy hard. Dakota got in front of her sister and spread her legs so she could bury her tongue in her cock craving hole. The naked girls both moaned for the camera and their daddy as they got their holes stimulated. Harlow struggled to suck on her sister’s clitoris while her pussy was being hammered from behind. The thought of the camera recording what was happening turned them into total sluts craving dick. The sisters were utterly hypnotized with their daddy’s big cock smashing their tight and shaved twats. Dakota came on her sister’s tongue after Harlow received a massive creampie from her dad.