She was having a loving time cheating on her boyfriend with her side girlfriend. The girls started out kissing and fondling each other. Her girlfriend removed her shorts and revealed her bare bushy cunt with no panties insight. She placed her juicy lips on her hairy pussy and sucked on her clitoris, making her moan loudly. While she was eating her out, she slid her two fingers inside of her and pleasured the insides of her walls. The girls heard the boyfriend coming in, so the girlfriend hid behind the bed while his girl pretended she was masturbating. The girl said she was waiting for him to get home and got horny. Seeing his sexy girlfriend naked, with legs spread wide open, rubbing her wet pussy, he didn’t want this opportunity to possibly have sex with her to pass him by, so he fell for that. He laid back, and she removed his pants, exposing his veiny cock that she immediately placed on her burning tongue. While her the other girl was watching, she sucked him off like a dirty slut and then got on top. A ginger slut put her boyfriend’s dick inside of her distracting him from her girlfriend. But her naughty girlfriend was even a bigger slut, and instead of running away, she showed up on the door. She was completely naked, revealing her tanned round tits and hairy bush looking straight into her girlfriend’s eyes. When the ginger saw her, she got aroused and started to ride her boyfriend’s meat like crazy. The naughty lesbo girlfriend slid her finger onto her clit and rubbed it for her girl who was fucking her man. When she saw that, she got on top of his face with her pussy in his mouth and made out with her girlfriend. While he was too busy to notice, his woman came on his mouth while her secret girlfriend was sucking on her nips. When the dude noticed another naked girl in their bed he was in shock but his girlfriend quickly calmed him down. She and her lesbian girlfriend grabbed his cock and began sucking it like two whores. It was the first time they had a threesome and the sex was fantastic. Two naked girls took turns bouncing up and down on his cock and cum all over him. 