A petite brunette was supposed to show a house to clients, but other, pervier thoughts invaded her mind. She did some touch-ups in the bedroom to make a big bed look good, but a vibrator hidden in her bag was tempting the cutie, making her pussy dripping wet. As the fuck toy was buzzing against her burning clit, the firecracker’s slim figure was squirming from pleasure. The clients finally arrived, rang the doorbell, and entered inside, only to find out that the woman they had just met was gorgeous. The fiery real estate agent was going upstairs, followed by two men who could see that she was wearing no panties under her skirt. Yes, she got caught with no panties while showing her clients a house! Moreover, the guys found her cum soaked panties in the livingroom! Beyond horny since her action with the vibrator, the brunette knelt in front of the guys, their stiff cocks were out of pants, finding their way towards her mouth. Not only was she a passionate cock gobbler but also a queen of deepthroating that proved that she could endure brute throat fucking without gagging. Sloppy blowjobs coated the shafts with the sticky spit before the temptress decided to pay attention to two pairs of shaved balls. She sucked and licked the saggy marbles, smearing her spit all over her face like a good little cocksucker. The trio was now on the bed. The naked girl was pounded doggy-style, while another rod was lodged inside her mouth. Strong hands were placed on her booty, and peckers took turns in invading her tight snatch from behind. Spitroasting continued, now missionary-style, giving the change to the petite goddess to rub her clit. As she was approaching an orgasm, the intensity of deepthroating reached its peak, but the stunner kept going, now ever hornier. They took turns bouncing her back and forth, one cock ramming in, and one cock sliding out, then switching to both ramming into her at the same time. It was like they were trying to get their cocks to meet in the middle of her body. It was the chick’s turn to be in charge.   The sexy naked girl hopped on one of the dicks, kept sliding up and down, savoring the fleshy taste of another joystick that was in her mouth. Reverse cowgirl riding sent waves of pleasure through the smasher’s body like the electric wave that made her nips stand up. The cocks were so erect and balls so swollen that the studs guided the hottie on her back. He announced that he was about to come, and then proceeded to do so all over her happy face. Aching to taste the sperm, the fuck goddess stuck her tongue out, licking every drop of cum that was on her lips. He shot his huge load into her now willing mouth, letting her taste his spunk, then stroked in and out spreading his come over her face. It was a very big load! The brunette pouted her lips and made bubbles with the spunk, proving to be a huge fan of facials. The other guy fucked her laughing and calling her a cum slut and then his cock unloaded on her face. It shot a big load too and filled her mouth and the cum whore drooled some out. Two mighty rods were spraying her face with seed, making a mess out of her make-up. She gagged and swallowed it, she swallowed their cum for their pleasure and the amusement of all of them. The moment the cocks stopped shooting seed, they turned stiff again, ready to show more hardcore love to the insatiable real estate agent. The warm cum was still oozing down her face, but it didn’t stop her on her way to another cock ride. Her slender body was grinding on top of the fat pricks, on a mission to reach another dazzling orgasm. Intense body shaking was accompanied by another round of facials that now fully coated the stunner’s face with the fluid.