These stepsiblings, Tristan and her stepbrother, got sent to do a therapy session with after their stepmom caught them doing inappropriate things together. The therapist let the teens know that she would be recording the session. After she encouraged them to do a little reenactment. The doctor told the boy to place his one hand on his stepsister’s thigh and caress her tit with the other hand. Feeling his hand between her legs, rubbing gently, made her spread her legs wider. Then the guy had to kiss her bare tits. He bent and took one nipple in his mouth, sucking her boobie in his mouth. The therapist watched them closely. At first the teen girl was shy and felt uncomfortable, but the doctor suggested they did a few exercises to explore each other. She told the girl to take off her pantyhose and her panties too, so she did, and after she sat down, she spread her legs. The girl felt weird with them looking at her pussy. Her stepbrother touched her clit gently with the tip of his finger, and when his dick got hard, he was told to take off his pants. The therapist told his stepsister to touch his cock, but she didn’t know how properly because it was her first time. She had never seen a penis before. Their therapist then proceeded to show her how to jerk off a man’s penis, and they did it together. She then took off her shirt and started to suck off her patient while the sister was watching them.   After sis saw how it was done, the therapist let her do it now instead, and she took her brother’s cock inside her mouth. While she was sucking him off, her therapist massaged her perky tits from the back in her sexy black lingerie. The naked girl laid back on the sofa and spread her legs for her stepbrother to enter her creamy pussy with his tongue. While he was eating her out, their therapist was on the side helping him out by giving him a handjob. Stepbrother slid his fingers into his sister’s virgin pussy when their therapist joined in massaging her clitoris. The sexy mature woman sucked on her hard nipple when the brother slowly entered her innocent tight cunt with his big dick making her moan. He popped his sister’s cherry with his thick rod as she moaned from it like a good slut. The MILF was supportive, so she rubbed her boobs for her and slid her hand to her clitoris, slowly massaging it. When his sister turned around, she bent over on the sofa when her therapist took her brother’s cock and guided it into her. While he was railing his stepsister from the back in doggy, the therapist watched it all when she spread her legs. She put her fingers into her wet vagina and proceeded to masturbate to the sight that was playing in front of her. He sat on the sofa so his little sister could pin on his cock in reverse cowgirl, and she rode him until she squirted! Who knew that therapy could be so satisfying?