This sexy babe was hosting a party, and she was using the opportunity to scout dick. Luckily, there were more than a few willing party guests who found her big naturals and perfect ass irresistible. A black guy complimented her tits, so she tried to seduce him with them. The girl jiggled her ass in front of him when he noticed she was not wearing any panties under the dress. When her friend asked her something, the black dude’s fingers were already inside her tight asshole. He slid off his pants down to his knees, revealing his black penis that she took in her hand. While nobody was looking, she quickly went to the bathroom with the black man following her from behind. When they both entered the room, she kneeled and, with a smile on her face, took his big black penis into her mouth. She gave him a sloppy toppy while her saggy tits were jiggling around when he released a massive load on her face! The girl had expected him to fuck the shit out of her but the dude finished too fast. You can imagine her total surprise and disappointment when he shot his load on her face. Luckily, she hunted another guy from the party to get dicked down. He sneaked to the bedroom and was waiting for her there. When she entered the room, his pants were gone, and he was stroking his erect cock, to her surprise. She bent down to suck on his throbbing meat when her dress lifted, revealing her bare pussy and bum. After the horny babe sucked on his dick, she laid down for him to eat her out and prepare her oven to bake his baguette. He stood up and slid his thick chode into her lubed cunt, making her moan as her vaginal walls spread. The guy pounded her wet twat and pinched her clitoris while she held her legs high up, moaning like a slut. Her legs were twitching as her voice was getting louder while she was being choked when she orgasmed all over him. Now, it was her asshole’s turn to get stretched out! Her big tits were bouncing up and down as he pounded into her asshole as hard and as fast as he could. 