Who would have known that things could get so hot in a law firm? The younger chick, an intern, at a high-profile law firm, which was currently in the process of moving their offices to an upper floor. As they worked together, it became clear from touches and secretive glances that all their time up until now working together had caused an unintended attraction to build between them. But neither had acted on these forbidden feelings, keeping it to themselves. The teen girl was beyond attracted to her slightly older boss lady and finally plucked up the courage to confess her feelings. In a couple of moments, the soft lips of two young women were pressed against each other. Although they wanted to stop for a split second, the attraction was too great to be controlled. The blonde firecracker had the intern’s nipples in her mouth, and her big tits were soon out of a white shirt. The young belle was on the office desk, watching her boss lick her clit and finger her shaved snatch. The girls took things slowly, showing sensual love to each other’s fiery bodies. The steamy boss revealed a neat bush and black stockings under her pencil skirt and a clit that ached to be licked. Her sensitive pearl was sucked and kissed, bringing her to the verge of an orgasm. To reciprocate, she stood up and guided the young naked girl on all fours. As her tongue fucked the tight cunt of her lesbian lover, she could feel it tremble under her lips. The moment she gave the blondie the orgasm she had been craving for, the busty blonde in erotic lingerie sat on the hottie’s face and moved her hips to rub against the naughty tongue. Her eyes rolled as she came hard all over the lezzie’s face, smearing love juice all over her pouty lips. Desperate for more, the full-bosomed temptress sat in a chair, tweaked her nipples, and let the slutty intern treat her cunny with another orgasm. Ladies were scissoring passionately as their moans filled the office. I love the idea of lesbian seductions in the office. It’s fabulous to think of a straight woman being turned by a lesbian she meets and falls for. And it’s exciting to think that every day there are more and more women exploring the range of their sexuality and smashing boundaries. 