When his mom came to serve his friends on his birthday, one of them couldn’t take his eyes of her huge breasts. When the mommy returned to the kitchen, Jordi followed her. She definitely liked young horny boys. Lots of teenage boys look at her boobs, she wears stuff so that they do. Her son’s friend was staring at her cleavage and she decided to play with him. The sexy MILF slid her top off her tits, spilled the topping all over her boobies and let him lick it up! The dude had never seen naked tits before. She tilted her head back, arching her back and pushing her enormous bust outwards for him to lick. His head was between her boobs when another friend saw them. He wanted to invite the other guys, but the MILF said it would be their little secret. The older guy pushed Jordi aside and took out his cock. The MILF got on her knees and took his chode in her mouth while Jordi just watched. She stood up and slid down her pants, revealing her tanned and juicy ass. The more dominant friend pushed the other guy and aggressively struck her with his erect penis. He pounded her jiggly ass while she was bent over on the kitchen table. All Jordi could do was just watch all of it. A third friend wanted to check upon them, and when he saw what they did, he immediately took out his meat. He sat on the kitchen table with his dick out when his friend’s naked mom took it in her mouth while being railed in the back. Jordi was carefully watching everything and stroking his erect penis to the occurring sight. When another friend joined, the MILF bent over on the sofa and jiggled her big ass with her pussy lips out. While the two guys were switching with her wet cunt she was sucking off the other guy giving it all to be the best. They also switched for the sloppy blowjob while their precum was mixing in her mouth and her fuck hole.   Jordi wanted to get some pussy too, he wanted to get in on the action as well, but the older guys didn’t let him fuck any of her holes. He was running around the gangbang, jerking off and trying to take his turn! Finally the guys took pity on him and decided to give him a chance. Jordi got on top of the MILF and stuck his virgin cock into her cunt! Now he was pounding away at her from behind! With his hands gripping her big ass he fucked her in full view of anyone watching. Then all four naked guys came around her with their erect dicks dripping with her spit mixed with precum. She used both her hands and her mouth to please them simultaneously as best as she could. One of the guys laid back on the sofa, and mommy got on top of him, sucking his meat into her pussy. She rode him like a horse when another guy slid his penis into her tight asshole, making her moan. As they were both penetrating her, she took another cock into her mouth and sucked it as best as she could. She still had another free chode, so she grabbed it with her hand and proceeded to rub the guy’s cock. When they placed their friend’s naked mom on the sofa with her legs lifted, one of the guys trusted his meat into her ass. He pounded her ass hard, desperately trying to make her slutty hole cum while others were watching. He switched his cock into her pussy, and she took another guy in her mouth, moaning loudly. Everyone could decide where he wanted to cum. All four boys were cumming one by one. Someone came on her face, someone filled her cunt, the other guy decided to cum on her big tits, the last one came in her ass. The naked mom was standing in the middle of the kitchen with cum leaking out of her pussy, her ass and her mouth too. Her tits and her face was covered in sticky semen. It was just at that moment that their friend came into the kitchen.