While the ginger girl and her boyfriend were studying in his apartment, his roommate came in. The slut couldn’t help noticing that her roommate’s girlfriend was sexually frustrated, but even her big, natural tits couldn’t entice the college-crazy nerdy boyfriend. He went to the bathroom, and his roommate started to seduce his girlfriend when the girls began to make out. When her boyfriend returned, he was thankful that his roommate was gone, but she was hiding under the table. While they were studying, she spread his girlfriend’s legs and proceeded to eat her out. He had never kissed her there and the feeling was incredible. The girl got so loud, and her boyfriend was confused, thinking she might’ve just seen something when she spilled the water. The nerd then went to the bathroom again to change when the girl from under the table got up and took the ginger’s shirt. The roommate revealed her strap on and removed the girl’s bra when she placed her red cock between her boobies. While she was jerking off her strap with her massive tits and while they were making out, the gingers boyfriend arrived. The girls hid under the table, and the dominant lesbian proceeded to bang her from the back out of nowhere. The girl tried to keep quiet and told her boyfriend she was looking for her shirt as she was getting railed from the back. When the nerd disappeared again, they got up, and she bent over on the table while the stud lesbo was fucking her. The lesbo roommate took off her strap and clothes when she sat on the table and spread her legs wide. Shy ginger took the strap and put it in the blondie’s mouth so she could clean it up from her vaginal juices. When the naked girls switched places, the lesbian roommate penetrated her with a strap in her hand, making her scream and moan. After that, the girls rubbed their pussies together with scissoring, cumming all over each other. The two were vigorously grinding their clits together, looking into each other’s eyes. This slut fucked his girlfriend in ways he had could only dream of! 