I know petite girls are your favorite. Especially the girls, so small and lightweight you could effortlessly bounce them on your cock. Kenzie, a petite blonde, has hopped into her pink shorts and a tight top to do a little stretch-out routine on a sunny balcony. Not only is she a stunning sweetie, but also a flexible gal who can do splits and spread her legs beyond the limits of possible. The idea of rough fucking urges the tart to move her panties and reach her wet clit, which pulsates under her probing fingers. To postpone the moment she meets with the cock, Kenzie hops on the kitchen counter where she keeps playing with her little pussy. She has a lithe, slim body. She is short, and has those small, but perfectly perky breasts that only petite girls can have. Just to prove that she is a kinky little tease full of surprises, the blonde hides in the kitchen cabinet and falls out of it the moment the hunk enters the house, right to his feet. Aroused by the playful move, the man takes her hand and guides it inside his pants. Straight from the beginning, the blowjob is sloppy, intense, and raw. Determined to feel every inch of the throbbing dong inside her mouth, the tiny girl shoves it down her greedy throat, gagging and slobbering all over it.   Stopping only to catch her breath, Kenzie demonstrates superb deepthroating skills that turn the cock into a rock-solid stick ready for merciless banging. With her knees on a bar stool, the talented cock-sucker gets fucked doggy-style. Just to make the slut beg for more, the hunk spanks her cute little ass and rails her pussy balls deep in a mind-blowing rhythm. Without moving an inch, the blondie stays in her place and endures the ramming session she has been dreaming of the whole day. Another shaft-gobbling endeavor puts the firecracker on the counter, upside down, with the excessive spit oozing down her forehead. Feeling dominant, the hunk picks the bimbo and dives straight between her legs, licking her pussy until she begins shaking in her first orgasm. The flexible naked girl does a split on a bed, giving the man easy access to her shaved twat. The living room gets filled with her moans and the sound of a dick slamming inside a soaked cunt. The cock riding session that only the petite cutie is capable of takes place in a chair, with the blonde doing splits on top of the dick, but the missionary-style railing that allows her to caress her clit sends waves of pleasure all over the stunner’s body. With her gymnastic skills, it is no wonder this little slut knows how to work a pole so well! The petite girl cums but still asks for more, and the man is willing to grant the wicked wish. His majestic rod continues to invade the tight coochie until every last drop of jizz fills it up, making it ooze the sticky liquid.