I was leaning against a piano when she approached me and took my shaft in her delicate hands. The innocent face soon proved to hide a mischievous side that pushed my cock into a full-erection mode in an instant. The blowjob was sensual, focused on my balls that kept growing as the sperm was filling them up. As I was undressing, the blonde teen swirled her pierced tongue around my prick, worshiping every inch of it with passion. With the blue eyes fixed on me, I had no choice but to sit back and enjoy the cock-sucking session of a lifetime. Unable to resist the dazzling charms of the hottie, I stood up, got rid of her clothes, and guided her on top of me. Her slender body was in the reverse cowgirl position, which gave me easy access to her slippery clit. As the naked girl was busy with dick riding, I rubbed her sensitive pearl and watched her back arch towards me. I kept fucking the sweetheart as her long golden hair caressed my chest and face. The fact that the firecracker’s body looked so fresh and young, embellished with a diamond navel piercing only, made the session even more erotic. I felt like I was the one corrupting the nubile teen, whose juicy nipples stood up to show the immense level of excitement. All of a sudden, the young naked girl didn’t need my guidance – she was sliding up and down my manhood with such experience and zeal that it almost made me cum. I wanted to keep going, so we switched positions.   Still on top, but now facing me, the nymphet impaled her tight cooch on my stick and rolled her pretty eyes. I loved the view of my dong disappearing between pink and wet pussy lips, but I wanted to be in charge now. The belle was on the couch face down, with my prick invading her doggy-style. The intensity of ramming made the pussycat squirm and moan, but my hands were on her hips, restraining her moves. I felt dominant, but the blonde fairy pushed her hips towards me now, dictating the rhythm of banging. With the incredible desire to see her cum, I began pounding the honey missionary-style. She squeezed her small boobs and tweaked her nipples, occasionally lowering her gaze to see the arousing view of me pummeling her cunny. All of a sudden, the teen babe got up, told me to lie down, and took my cock for another crazy ride. Her clit was rubbing against the root of my shaft, quickly bringing her to the brink of an orgasm. To help her reach the big O, I lifted my hips towards her twat and pounded it so hard that the pussy walls soon were tightening around my fuck-stick. She came hard, and I loved the idea of me spraying her with my seed. After letting the teen savor the fleshy taste of my pecker one more time, I emptied my balls all over her face.