When her husband came back early from work, he was ready to get dirty while his wife was in the shower. His wife was cheating on him at that very moment with their maid, who was hiding behind the curtains. Afraid she might get caught, she took his erect cock in her mouth the moment he unzipped his pants. As she was sucking his cock their naughty maid started to eat her out from the back. He wanted to go to the room so they could fuck properly, but she didn’t want to leave her maid behind. The husband saw a hole in their curtains, so he got a freaky idea and came to the spot where he put his hard dick. While his wife and their maid were utterly shocked, the girls got an even dirtier idea, so the maid took his cock. She took his schlong from the back, not knowing it was his maid and not his wife he fucked her as she motorboated the wife’s boobies. He told his wife he wanted to go to the bedroom, and she agreed, so he went there first while their naked maid was trying to hide. While he was jerking off and waiting for his wife, she got away to dress up when the husband who got up bumped into her. The husband began to apologize while she was with no panties on and his hog was still as stiff as ever.   The slutty maid immediately started seducing him since she was still horny from his cock and got on top of him. Her shaved cunt was still moist, so she slid on his dick easily and whimpered in pleasure. She bounced on his big dick like a dirty slut behind his wife’s back as her huge melons jumped up and down with her. The slut got on her knees and proceeded to suck him off with her bare bum sticking up. The baby girl then got on top of him in reverse with her legs spread and pinned herself down on his meat as she rolled her eyes. The naughty maid was now on her all fours clapping her cheeks down his cock as he was getting harder than ever. Suddenly his wife came in and saw them when she started to shout at them in anger, and she removed that maid. While the girls were fighting, he convinced them to get along to have some fun together. The girls were still incredibly horny and ready for some nasty, threesome fun! His wife got on the bed with her legs spread when the maid started to lick her clit with her tongue as the husband appeared from the back. When the husband laid on his back, both naked girls feasted on his dick, and then they both motorboated him with their tits. The maid got on top of him and began riding him like a wild horse while he was sucking on his wife’s nipple. While the wife was getting cucked, she watched them and rubbed her pussy to the sight of it until she came on her fingers.