While Blake was studying, her girlfriend kept calling her on the phone to distract her, and then she decided to visit her. Gabbie sneaked to her window, and the naughty blondie let her in without her parent’s permission. When Gabbie sat on the bed, they started to kiss and slowly strip, so the blondie revealed her titties. Gabbie encouraged her to take a break from studying to do more important things… like making out and having sex! She took off her shirt and proceeded to suck on her girlfriend’s hard nipples that she showed to her. The naughty girl got on top of Gabbie in a sixty-nine position, and her girlfriend moved her panties to the side. Her lesbian girlfriend began to eat her out while she enjoyed it and slowly rubbed her pussy through her panties. Blake took off Gabbie’s panties and ate her out while being teased from the back herself. She laid on her back and stuck her tongue out when her girlfriend got on top and started to rub her cunt on it. While riding her mouth, blondie squeezed her girlfriend’s juicy and soft boobs like squish toys. The busty lesbian was grinding her pussy all over her face, holding on to her nipples and pinching them harshly as she did so. Her juicy pussy was cumming, coating her girlfriend’s face as she continued to ride her face. Blake got behind Gabbie when she spread her legs for her girlfriend to put her fingers on her twat, and so she did. She fondled her clit with one hand and squeezed her melon with another while kissing her on the lips. While rubbing her clitoris and massaging her boob, her girlfriend moaned slowly and deeply. When Gabbie laid on her back with her legs spread, Blake placed her coochie on top of hers. The naked girls proceeded to scissor each other, rubbing their hard clits against each other, watching their big tits bounce with each move. The teen lesbians rubbed their clitoris in front of each other and moaned. The pillow princess was pleased like a good girl, and when Blake sped up, she squirted all over her coochie. Will the naked girls be able to stay quiet enough to avoid getting caught? 