The house was quiet, and the morning was only getting started. But the slutty and curvy blonde decided to start her morning with sweet pleasure. When rubbing herself on her pillow wasn’t enough, she pulled out her trusty wand and suction dildo. She took off her panties and got her favorite toys to assist her. She stuck the dildo to the wall and began fucking herself hard, making quite a racket. The thick naked babe slammed her big ass against the wall again and again, driving the dildo deeper and deeper inside of her, desperately trying to achieve an orgasm. In the next room, another curvy babe was snuggled up with her man. When she heard the moans coming from the other side of the wall, she decided to see what was going on there. She opened the door and caught her gorgeous and curvy blonde roommate ass up, ten inches deep on her dildo. Soon she burst in to teach her a lesson. Sexy thick babe climbed in the bed with her, and she took off her tight panties as soon as the two curvaceous beauties connected their mouths. Their hands traveled all over each other’s bodies until they sat between each other’s legs and they moved their hips to rub their slits together. The naked girls were too busy to see the boyfriend of one of them at the door, watching them with lust in her eyes, and his cock hard. He stood in the doorway until he couldn’t resist not joining the curby girls. He took off his pants, stood behind them, and waited until his presence was known. Once the naked girls noticed him, they quickly pulled him into their slutty fest on the bed. He pounded both of them, taking turns with their tight slits. Two thick girls rested on their knees and hands while they waited their turn to get drilled hard. This trio got lost in the horny haze, and soon all of their bodies were intertwined on the bed. The boyfriend took turns with both of these cuties, and while he banged one of them, the other would focus on herself, or help out the boyfriend in his actions. His big cock stretched out both of these girls, and soon sweet screams of pleasure filled their small house until all three of them were cumming hard. 