I was swiping through sexy pictures of my roommate’s girlfriend on my phone when she walked in. She was a skinny redhead with a couple of cute tattoos, and a purple bikini looked great on her. I had noticed the chick wasn’t the bubbly, outgoing firecracker she used to be and asked her what was going on. She explained that her boyfriend spent days with his friends, completely forgetting about his sad, bored girlfriend. After having a drink with me in the kitchen, the hottie went into her room to change, and I felt the urge to follow her. I watched her beautiful slender body, her naked, small tits, her cute little ass and felt my dick stiffening. Unaware that I was watching, she was putting a lotion all over her body, from her long legs to a superb booty. This was a sight to behold. The skinny girl was so seductive that I was mesmerized. She saw me, and I began explaining that I was just passing by, saying how sorry I was. Instead of shying away, she invited me into her room and gave me a bottle of lotion. I was smearing it all over her sexy back while the redhead gave me a naughty smirk. We were on the bed, and my hands wandered down her back, all the way to her perfect ass. She removed her panties, letting me explore her soft and milky skin. Now fully nude, the belle stood up and placed my hands on her tits. I realized it was foreplay.   I shoved my fingers inside her shaved pussy, realizing it was soaked wet. It was my turn now to lie down and get a massage, but the fit temptress poured lotion all over my dick and began stroking it. Her pink tongue landed on the tip of my pecker and started swirling around it. My roommate’s girlfriend kept smiling and drooling all over my tool, taking her time to pleasure every inch of my stiff manhood. In a matter of minutes, the naked girl was on top of me, impaling on my cock with passion. As her bald snatch devoured my tool, she kept smiling and biting her juicy lips. Wanting to see her fit ass squirming, I guided the babe to her knees and began pounding her doggy-style. With my hands placed on her slim waist, I rammed her pussy hard and deep, desperate to hear her moan. I grabbed her copper hair and pulled it during the rough banging. Missionary style pummeling suited the teen, allowing her to stroke her clit and squeeze her small boobs. I watched my cock disappearing inside the velvety slit, stretching wet and pink pussy lips. I could feel her skinny body tremble, so I kept going even harder, treating her with a mind-blowing orgasm. Still panting from excitement, the naked girl took my dong into her mouth and sucked it, savoring the mix of pussy juice and precum. I emptied my load in her mouth, and she was happy to swallow my salty spunk.