I entered the house and heard weird noises coming from the living room, so I went to check-in, not thinking anything of it. Once I entered the living room, I had what to see, and it was my sister in, I assume, my sweatshirt with no pants on. Not even panties, with a vibrator on her clit and on top of everything in front of the camera. Since my half naked sister was shocked to see me at that moment, I assume she did not expect me to get home so soon. I wanted my hoodie back, so I took it off of her, and she wasn’t even wearing a bra underneath it. She grabbed it back, and I released my hand since she was naked, so she asked me what I wanted. I honestly told her that she should continue what she was doing, and I would watch it peacefully. My naked stepsister spread her legs revealing her nicely trimmed cunt. She took her vibrator that looked like a mic and placed it on her clit with her legs spread in front of me. I watched my stepsister while she masturbated in front of me until she reached an orgasm, cumming again and again. The next time I saw her, she was doing laundry, and she was in her tight boxers. Her ass looked so good, so I looked at it for a few seconds before pulling my cock out and came to her with my dick hanging out. My huge meat was already hard, and it became even harder when she grabbed it with her hand.   She slowly put it in her mouth and proceeded to suck me off, but since my dick was big she couldn’t fit all in. Not even after 10 minutes I unexpectedly jizzed in her mouth since I was too aroused from our previous encounter.  Stepsis was in shock, but she still swallowed everything I released in her mouth, and I told her she could have my sweatshirt. She was in that sweatshirt the third time I saw her, but she was somehow different. She was with no panties, and she tried to seduce me with her nicely shaped butt, and she did succeed. I was sitting on the couch, and my sexy sister got on her knees while slowly taking off my pants, revealing my hog. She slid on it with her tight pussy. Her bubble ass looked so good. She told me to grab her ass cheeks and I was more than eager too! I was just getting into it watching her sexy ass bounce of my hard dick! After my naked sister rode me, I placed her on the floor in doggy and banged her hard from behind. Her ass looked so good, big and round. I spread her cheeks and ran my fingers backwards and forwards over her asshole. Then she turned around. I railed her cunt while looking her in the eyes until I was close to finishing, so she got on her knees and waited for my jizz that she received on her face.