A hot redhead MILF really didn’t appreciate what she had as she lusted after her new stepdaughter’s youth and body. As the teen girl prepared for her boyfriend to arrive, the stepmom was busy obsessing over her looks. Later she found an antique as she routed through a dresser. She unwittingly unlocked some ancient magic that switched their souls! Mom’s soul went into the daughters and daughter’s soul in hers! The MILF excitedly explored her youthful body while the teen enjoyed the benefits of her new MILF equipment! First of all she wanted to show off her big tits and her cunt to her boyfriend! She told him that it was her and took him into the room to show him her cunt, and proceeded to jerk off. The daughter in milfs body masturbated so hard in front of her now young boyfriend and squirted all over the floor. Slutty girlfriend in her mom’s body unzipped his pants and jerked off his cock while telling him naughty things. When he came on her tits, the guy thought he was cheating on his actual girlfriend, so he ran away from the milf. The mom in her daughter’s body went to her husband and started seducing him and telling him it was her. She pulled down her pants and exposed her shaved and tight young pussy to him, and jiggled her sexy ass, feeling fantastic. The husband couldn’t resist, so he buried his tongue in her coochie from the back and ate her out. When the blondie revealed her young tits to him, he placed his dick between them and fucked her boobs.   The daughter who was in her mom’s body saw them and decided to join and try his stepfather’s cock for the first time. She revealed her huge milkers, hairy pussy, and a few tattoos before she stripped her other body completely naked. Mom and daughter in the swapped bodies, now completely naked, began to make out in front of him and play with each other’s boobies. The naked girls slowly proceeded to suck on the man’s hog together as a daughter in mom’s body sucked the tip and mom in daughters body his balls. After the girls took turns, mom in daughter’s body pierced her pussy with his meat, proceeding to ride him with her fresh cunt. She rode him with her young twat as the daughter in mom’s body sucked on her young nipples. When they started making out again, they finally changed places, and the daughter in her momma’s body placed herself on top of her stepdad. She began riding him in the reverse cowgirl position, and the sensation she felt from her daddy’s cock was showing on her face. As she rode him, her hairy cunt was exposed, and her massive jugs bounced up and down with the rhythm. The mom in the daughter’s body watched them fuck and even helped her as she massaged her clitoris. When the dad stood up, the milf body began sucking him off as the daughter’s body rimmed his ass from the back. As they were doing that with him standing while they were both sitting, the daughter and mom started scissoring. Naked mom and daughter rubbed their pussies together while pleasing their male figure. Mom’s body was placed on the bed, and the dad began to slam her hole while making out with the daughter’s body until he came inside of her.