A lesbian couple booked a hostel room for their vacation, and the girls met with the man that owns it. He showed them their room, and when the brunette’s girlfriend left the room, he noticed her nicely shaped bum. His dick got hard, so he took it out in front of her, and her reaction was quite positive with the sparkles in her eyes. The sexy girl was on her knees, so she began to suck his erect huge dick in that exact position. When her girlfriend came back, they somehow covered it up, and the man left them since they started to make out. The lesbians went to bed, got naked, and the brunette spread the legs of her girlfriend. She ate her out, and then they proceeded to scissor and smack their pussies against each other while moaning softly. Watching two naked girls have sex, rubbing their wet pussies against each other, is every guy’s dream. The girlfriend was thirsty for more when they finished, so she took her vibrator and headphones and laid on the top bunk bed. The horny hostel owner sneaked in the bottom bed and the brunette laid in that same bed after a shower completely naked. She felt him from the back and did not complain, so she took his cock in her clean pussy when he covered her mouth, so she didn’t moan. While the girlfriend on top was masturbating, she dropped her vibrator and went to get it while they were hiding. Her naked ass sticking out from under the bed looked so seductive so they just couldn’t help fucking her. The man slammed his cock balls deep inside of her widespread hole. When they took her out, both naked girls were horny, so they started to suck him off together. The girls were kissing with the head of his fat dick between their lips. One of the girls let him lick her pussy, spreading her legs wide open, doing a split! Then both naked girls took turns riding his cock. They were riding it with abandon, slamming down onto it, reaching for an orgasm. The feeling of a real cock inside, the feeling of a hot throbbing flesh turned the lesbians into two cum loving sluts! 