The delivery girl happens to deliver food to her ex’s house, and when she rings the bell, he opens the door. He immediately recognized her and took her in to chat a bit. They quickly caught up, especially about how both their sex lived lately were kind of lackluster… nothing like the sizzling sex they used to have with each other! The sexy girl decided to stay for a quickie, sucking her ex’s teasty cock before begging for that dick in her pussy just like the old days. He pulled down her top and revealed her braless body with her tits out and nipples already erect. He started kissing and licking her gorgeous tits. He slowly grabbed her by the pussy and took off her shorts, revealing her ass cheeks that he had to spank. She got on her knees when he unzipped his pants and took out his huge cock that she missed so much. She began sucking him fast, licking his balls, kissing and enjoying his huge cock. She was bobbing her head in an effort to please her ex. Kitten gave him a sloppy deepthroat, and here spit spilled on her bare tits down to her knees. Then he bent her over on the kitchen table and aggressively stuck his hard penis inside of her slippery hole. He grabbed her hands and pounded her cunt then he grabbed her by the throat and proceeded to do the same. He pounded deep and hard into her pussy, ramming the tip of his cock well past her clenched pussy walls. Bulky ex grabbed her leg and placed it on his shoulder as he reached even deeper inside her.   She groaned, spreading her legs as far as they’d go. While he plumped her shaved pussy her perky titties jiggled up and down to the rhythm. His big body grabbed her whole body and lifted her, not stopping fuking her pussy for even a second, and moved her to the couch in the living room. He laid down, and the hot naked girl started to blow him, and then she got on top of him and easily slid on his hard penis. While the baby girl was riding him as fast as she could, he sucked on her hard nipples like he was her son. She was bobbing up and down, thrashing wildly on his cock. She was riding him with abandon, slamming down onto his cock, reaching for her orgasm. The slut thrashed and thrusted as she shook her head to and fro, her hair darting in every direction. He jammed his ex’s cunt full of his cock, balls deep. After sucking him some more, she lifted his legs so she could ride him in that specific position. She rode him in the reverse when she turned around until she squirted all over his hard cock. Thrust after powerful thrust, until he could no longer control himself, and with a loud scream, and one more deep, hard hitting, penetrating thrust, he shot his huge load deep within her body, spraying every inch of her pussy walls and womb.