The young cheerleader wanted a top position in her team, but her coach told her she needed to train more. They practiced together, but he told her she needed to try harder and that he had a proposition for her. He promised she would get the position, if she agreed to play with his cock a little bit. He stood up and took off his shorts in front of her face. His limp dick was already big, and she was disgusted and with no experience. But she took him in her mouth and began to suck it, trying to please him. While the pig-tailed blondie struggled to suck him off, his dick slowly became bigger in her mouth. She struggled even more, and her mouth was dripping with saliva down her throat and on the floor from the sloppy deepthroat. He took her petite body up and placed her pussy on his mouth, and began to deep dive into her hole, ordering her to suck him off. She once again struggled to suck his cock, now in an even more difficult position, but he didn’t care she had to. If she wanted the top position, she had to learn to suck his cock in that hard position since she needed to be flexible for work. While the petite girl was swallowing him, his tongue was in her little cunt. Her mouth was dripping with her saliva, and it fell on the floor, making a huge mess. She kept bobbing her head in an effort to please the bull. The youngster did a gymnastics bridge and he fucked her mouth in this amazing position. Then her pervy coach put the tiny naked girl down, and she bent over on the chair, barely standing on her knees with spit down her chin.   The bulky man spread her legs and pierced her tight and creamy pussy with his raw cock, and proceeded to bang her. He was grabbing her petite ass, which made him control how hard he could strike her insides, making her head go crazy. Her tight pussy was being stretched out by her coach’s huge dick so she could get the position she desired. The coach then turned his cheergirl around since he wanted to see her cute face moan and make different expressions from his pounding. The blondie’s eyes were rolling in the back of her head from his aggressive railing, and she moaned loudly in pleasure. She got turned on so much that she got on top of him after he laid on his back on the floor. Her small tits were exposed, and she wasn’t wearing any panties, just her mini skirt. Slutty cheerleader rode him like a crazy slut even with no experience whatsoever, and then she got on the floor with her bum up. He stuck his cock inside of her in that position, reaching her deep inside, and banged her hard, making her weep and moan. The girl leaned back, pulling her legs behind her shoulders. He was using all of his weight to force his thick cock balls deep into her petite body. The coach sped up, and before cumming he took it out and released his semen all over her.