You won’t want to miss this teen orgy with two hot naked girls! Mean preppy couple enjoy giving people a rough time, but they’ve made a big mistake after targeting the nerdy siblings. After school, the nerds sneaked into their home, and the girl saw the dude jerking off, so she filmed it. She took his boxers, and he saw her. Meanwhile, the other guy got into the tub when the preppy chick got inside. She did not see him, so she began to strip while he filmed her and then he took her panties and ran away. After that, the preppy couple was stressed out after what happened, and they invited them over to figure out something. They told them how they couldn’t risk having those pics and videos spread around so that they would do anything for peace. The blonde girlfriend offered the nerdy blonde chick to eat her pussy, but she had something other in mind. She decided that it would be best if her brother got head from the preppy blondie and her boyfriend should eat her pussy instead. The cheerleader went to bed next to her brother and pulled down his pants, revealing his already erect penis. Her boyfriend was next to them, watching her slowly putting his nerdy cock into her mouth, but he was powerless. The nerdy girl then placed a hand on his pants where his crotch is and slowly massaged it. Blondie took off his pants and revealed his erect cock that she immediately put in her mouth. A preppy blondie took off her clothes since she was getting sweaty, and the rest of them did the same.   While she was sucking the nerd’s cock his sister got a freaky idea, and she told the dude to fuck his girlfriend. But the girlfriend has to suck her brother’s cock while he’s doing it, so they did it. She watched them while the guy banged her girlfriend from the back as she sucked another man’s penis. The freaky girl then decided that her brother should fuck her and the guy should continue to fuck his girlfriend. They agreed to it, so both girls bent over naked on the couch and spread their legs, revealing their wet holes. While the guy was pounding his girlfriend with pleasure, the nerdy brother got behind his sister hesitantly. The nerdy brother proceeded to bang his sister while watching the other guy railing his girlfriend and following his steps. Two naked girls then wanted to ride their cocks. They fucked them hard, slamming their wet pussies down onto their hips, totally engulfing their manhood. Both girls were cumming, orgasming all over their stepbrother’s cocks. They fucked the girls in that position until they both jizzed on their faces at almost the same time. Watch more horny best friends swapping their stepsiblings for sex! This teen orgy is about as taboo as taboo porn can get: they swapping their sisters and fucking them together, side by side!