Gabriela wanted to present her slacker boyfriend to her classy sister Luna and her fancy boyfriend. She told him he had to be on his best behavior, and he said he would, so Gabriela decided to suck him off. The naughty girl began to blow him right in the car in front of her sister’s house. Of course her sister and her boyfriend saw them. The sister wanted to show off the house to Gabriela’s boyfriend, leaving her boyfriend and her sister alone. While showing him the house, Luna bent over to grab something, and her short dress lifted, revealing her naked ass and her bald cunt! She wasn’t wearing any panties, and he saw that! He just couldn’t help getting on his knees to lick that gorgeous cunt. While that was happening, Gabriela complained about how her sister always thinks she’s better than her. As she complained, she showed off her tits to her sister’s boyfriend because hers were bigger. She figured she could corrupt her competitive stepsister’s boyfriend. The fat Latina babe then began to jerk the dude off while her sister was bent over with Gabriela’s boyfriend’s dick deep into her twat. When Gabriela came looking for her boyfriend, she saw him fucking her sister! The sisters began to fight.   He had to calm down his girlfriend somehow. While the girls were fighting, he came behind his girlfriend, who was on top of her sister and pushed his cock into her cunt from behind! Feeling a cock in her vagina Gabriela shover her tits into her sister’s face, making her suck and lick her fat boobs! While he was banging her from the back, Gabriela’s sister played with her tits like a slut. The sisters were so aroused the girls began to suck his meat together simultaneously. They were slobbering all over his cock and balls and then he sat on the couch. Luna came on top of him and started to ride his cock while her sister displayed her pussy in front of her. She ate her out while riding her boyfriend’s hog. Her giant boobs were slapping against his face. Her big bubble ass was bouncing up and down. The slut was cumming like mad. Although the dude was enjoying the experience, he wanted to see more. He turned his girlfriend’s sister into a doggy position, and Gabriela went under her. Now he was fucking her asshole, driving balls deep into her ass. His girlfriend Gabriela watched his cock going in and out of her sister’s ass! They pleasured Luna until he released a huge load that dripped out of her asshole into Gabriela’s mouth.