Sexy gamer girl was playing her games in her cute shirt and g string panties when her two male friends came over. She was so busy playing that they decided to take her controller away and began chasing around the house. When the girl tried to reach the controller from her friend’s hand, she accidentally fell and pulled down his trousers. He wasn’t wearing any underwear, so his dick was exposed, and he got an idea to propose. The guy said they would give the controller back if she sucked them off, and the naive girl agreed to it while on her knees. They got both in front of her with their meats out, and the girl used both her hands to massage their dicks. She sucked them off simultaneously with the help of her hands while being on her knees. The girl stood up, and her friends began to touch her and undress her completely until they were all naked. They went to bed and the two men laid back on it when she continued to suck them off. The naked girl stood up again and laid back instead while one of her friends lifted her legs and pierced her wet hole. While she was holding her legs up and he banged her pussy she sucked off her other friend the best she could. The blondie was in the same position when the guys switched places and continued to do what they already did. The guy who banged her took her petite body and placed her on top of him in the reverse cowgirl position. While she was struggling to ride him in that pose, she was also struggling to suck off her other friend in that exact position. The girl was tired, and her body was giving up, so the guy under her began his role as the power bottom and banged her hard.   Then he grabbed her by the waist and turned her around while continuing to bang her hole in that position. In that state, she was able to suck off her other friend better with the help of her hand since his dick was too big for her. The friend that railed her insides grabbed her by the ass cheeks and spread them, revealing her pulsating ass hole. Like that, he could reach deeper inside of her, which made her go crazy, and she was slacking at sucking cock. The dudes decided to switch again, so the naked girl got in the doggy position. While one guy was fucking her from the back, she slurped all the pussy juices left on the other guy’s meat. Then they switched again, and while the other dude was banging her from the back, his buddy jerked off in front of her. He quickly came on her pretty face, and the huge and thick load of jizz began dripping down her forehead. The other dude then came in front of her too and masturbated to her covered face until he covered it with cum even more. Her own orgasm was intensified as she felt another hot load all over her face. The guys took turns fucking her from behind and cumming on her face. Their throbbing cocks spurted out more and more copious jizz shots, one which splattered all over her forehead and the second messy cumshot splurted in a gooey string all over her face. The girl had never seen so much cum; it was everywhere, in her hair, all over her face and her body. 