Damn, damn, damn. Sexy, flexible, and a cock-craving asshole. This is going to be fun. Blondie went outside in her sexy yoga uniform and began doing her daily exercises in front of her neighbours. Older looking gentleman observed her limber moves as he got horny from the beautiful sight in front of him. A young woman in her peak. His wife, of course, knew how much he wanted that young tight pussy but she couldn’t do anything. When she was not around, the little slut spread her legs and let her husband dive deep into her with his tongue. When he finished eating her out, she began to suck his big cock with the help of her hand. His cock was so thick she couldn’t fit it in her mouth, so she used both hands as well. When his chode was all set with her saliva sliding down his nuts, the young naked girl got on top of him and penetrated her little pussy with his cock. The baby girl rode him with her legs wide spread. He took her by the legs and lifted her elastic body up with his strong muscles when he began to fuck her hard. His wife came in and saw them fucking, fucking hard! She was so shocked that she left by calling her husband a jerk! That didn’t phase him because that pussy had a mind of its own. He put her down, she placed his thick meat into her tight asshole, so he began stretching her tight hole too. Ass-fucking in the splits! This scene is a great showcase of her flexibility and anal skills. It is marvelous to watch. Love the long legs with flexibility! Elastic baby doll once again spread her legs up while he was holding them and stretching her asshole at the same time. He was reaching the depths of her bum while she moaned like a slut from the pleasure she was receiving from her daddy. It was time for her to use her skills again, so she placed herself in the bridge position and sucked his cock until he came on her pretty face. Love it when a newcomer debuts in anal porn… that way you don’t have to wait and wonder if they do anal. He is a lucky son of a bitch getting to stuff this doll’s little ass! Tight little fucking body with a gorgeous pink pussy! Lara, a real Ukrainian Ballerina, she has worked in burlesque and ballet, and modelled for Playboy. 