Don’t miss this hot scene with three lesbians! Sabina stood in front of the house that she shared with her girlfriend, Bella. She was apparently locked out of the house, and Bella was not answering the door or her phone. Sabina had to call a locksmith to get inside. As she walked down the hall towards the bedroom, she opened the door and got the shock of a lifetime: her girlfriend was in bed with another woman, her name was Bunny! She was so mad she was shouting at them when the other woman tried to escape, but she stopped her. Sabina’s girlfriend started to beg her how she would do anything for her to forgive her, so she got an idea. She told her that she had to give her the best orgasm of her life, and the woman she was cheating on with had to participate. The girls all agreed, so she took off her clothes and got on the bed with her legs spread wide, so the girls were massaging her clit. While her girlfriend played with her tits when she leaned back with her legs open, and blondie dived deep into her cunt with the tongue. Sabina’s girlfriend was behind her holding her legs up and kissing her everywhere slowly and sensually. Bella and Bunny switched places while Sabina was in the same position with her legs up. The girlfriend ate her twat like it was her first meal after two whole days when the blondie got behind her. She began to finger her cunt and kiss her ass cheeks slowly as she was eating out her girlfriend the best she knew. Sabina then decided to switch with Bunny, so the hot naked blonde laid back on her place with her legs spread.   Bella began eating her out while she was behind her with her hand on her pussy as her girlfriend fucked it. While she was massaging her clit as her girlfriend twerked, she proceeded to lick her pulsating ass hole. Horny Sabina then got an idea and got below the naked girls and began to smack their cunts together. That made Bella aroused, so she lifted up while Sabina leaned back and her girlfriend took control of the situation. While she was riding her pussy she made out with the blondie aggressively vividly turned on. As she was riding her, Sabina had a look at her ass, watching her ass cheeks jiggle, so she had to slap them a few times. Bella orgasmed, but she wasn’t going to stop since her goal was to make her girlfriend cum like she had never orgasmed before. Sabina laid on her back, and Bunny began to massage her clitoris with her hard nipple and soft boob as they made out. As the naked girls were doing that, Sabina’s girlfriend began to eat out the blondie from the back. Bunny started to massage Sabinas clit aggressively with her hand making her roll her eyes and then lift her bum up. She ate her out in that position while Bella fingered her from the back very fast. Since Sabina was the star in this situation, she got up, and two hot lesbians began to eat her out from the front and from the back. Two lesbian girlfriends began to scissor with each other while the blonde rod Sabina’s face. She dived deep into her ass while fucking her girlfriend. She fucked her girlfriend’s pussy until she squirted all over and forgave her for cheating.