Mackenzie sure is a horny ass slut who loves getting her pussy pleasured, regardless of who does it. This time, she got busted by her step-brother as she was getting her cunt licked out by just another one of her fuck buddies. Teen girl tried to deny the fact, but the buster left his gray shorts under her bed which was a sure tell that he was there. The older step-bro got mad at her, but that was only because it wasn’t him who was fucking her. She was privy to his “good intentions” so to shut him up, she reached over to his dick, pulled it out, and gently with intent started teasing him with her mouth. Of course, he wasn’t going to say no, regardless of him knowing how wrong that was. The little slut got naked and spat on her pussy to tease herself more as she made him reach his climax. It was magical. You could feel the dude’s sensations as she was tickling his head with her wet and soft tongue. He came right in her mouth! BAM! One spurt and he was drained as the sticky cum dripped down her mouth all the way down his already spit sloppy shaft. Then, the next day came. It was both of them who came that day, but this time, it was a bit awkward. His slutty stepsister totally didn’t want to pass out on the opportunity to fuck him again, so she instigated and he folded. She jumped back on that cock like a ballerina who was denied cheat meals for weeks!   She was too damn eager to get her pussy filled up by that stiff rod. She rode it as if she was a cheerleader/bull rider. He couldn’t help himself, staring at her gorgeous slim body. She knew what spots to hit in her vag with his dick. She was on fire and so was his dick. Well, that love mitten was so damn hot and feisty that her stepbro couldn’t hold out any longer and he just had to bust a nut right then and there as she was humping him as if a poltergeist possessed her. Kablamo! Right up her fallopian tube baby! Mackenzie freaked out screaming at him as if she had no responsibility in the matter. Day three begins. Doggystyle is her favorite position after all. She was screaming and panting as he was using her as a sex toy. There was no regret for what happened yesterday in her voice. She even teased him even more as he was fucking her missionary style with a perfect view of her bouncing tits and her freshly shaven pussy. The kind that pricks just a little bit. Skinny naked girl just couldn’t shut up as she was getting hammered even if she wanted to. She wanted his load all up in her face. He was ready, she was done. The two fucked their brains out and came simultaneously. Her slippery pussy was clenching his pulsating dick as he was filling her pussy up with his semen. There was no time for him to cream her face! Now that’s how you fuck your step-sister, for real!