The dude was horny, he began to kiss sensually his girlfriend, who was busy with her phone. He wanted some nookie, but she didn’t want to look up from her phone. Their roommate was there, she saw everything, and since she was secretly a slut and a homewrecker, she got an idea. She lifted her shirt in front of him, revealing her massive tits while his girlfriend was busy with her phone. Then the naughty girl spread her legs on the sofa and put her shorts to the side. When she did, he saw her bare pussy, and she began to massage her clit, not caring that his girlfriend might see. While she was fingering her pussy, she noticed his girlfriend was about to stand up, so she covered herself. It was time to wash the dishes, so the girls played rock paper scissors to see who would wash them. The roommate won, and his girlfriend had to leave to wash the dishes. While she was washing them, she had her headphones in, so the roommate began to tease her boyfriend’s cock behind her. Then the slutty roommate got on her knees and revealed his erect penis that she immediately sucked. The brave girl took off her shorts and put her panties on the side with her leg on the kitchen counter. The dude immediately put his big cock into her creamy pussy and banged her behind his busy girlfriend. When his girlfriend was about to turn around, the busty slut quickly hid not to be seen by her. He then went into the roommate’s room, where she was waiting for him without her panties.   He got behind her while she was in a doggy position and proceeded to eat her out as she moaned. Then he lifted up and struck her with his thick meat in the exact position with her shaky legs spread widely. The slutty roommate stood up and got on top of him in the reverse cowgirl position while he controlled her movements with his hands. He was a power bottom, and it was making her moan loudly as she began to rub her clitoris, making herself even wetter. Busty naked girl then turned around in the squatting position, and he smacked her pussy while holding her waist with his hands. Then he slid them down on her juicy ass and controlled her movement while groping it hard. The roommate then sat properly on his cock and began to bounce on it while holding her ass cheeks as her tits jiggled. She began to squat again since his dick was reaching deeper inside that way, and he was controlling her movements. Then she went down on him and began to slurp his precum and her vaginal juices from his meat. After she slurped all of it, the busty naked girl went in front of the mirror and lifted her leg up as he entered her insides from the back. He railed her cunt until she orgasmed and watched her own facial expressions in the mirror.