The lesbian couple went to the sauna for some relaxation and alone time together, but they were very horny. Since the women were naked, they both got turned on and began to make out when blondie started to massage her girlfriend’s pussy. She licked her asshole while the dark-haired goddess was fingering her other hole and moaning in pleasure on her back. Two hot naked women were so aroused, they started to smack their squirting cunts together against each other while moaning loudly. As they were doing their business, Jordi was spying on them fucking on a smudged window of their sauna room. The lesbians saw him, and instead of getting mad, they started to laugh and bought him inside when they noticed he had a boner. The guy was lanky and short, but his dick was very big, to their surprise. The naked women began sensually touching him everywhere. Blondie then spat on his cock, and the girls both massaged it with their hands when the blonde chick got up. She began to slap him with her huge tits while her girlfriend jerked him off, and he very much enjoyed it. The brunette sat down and spread her legs as the lanky dude dived into her cunt as the blondie sucked him off. Slutty blondie then placed herself in the reverse cowgirl position on top of his meat while he sucked the nipples of her girlfriend. Blondie’s legs were wide apart, and her huge tits bounced to the rhythm of her ride when she switched with her girlfriend. Her girl placed herself in the same position and began to play with her bouncing boobs as she smacked herself on his cock. Blonde bitch motorboated him with her massive milkers as he was getting fucked by her horny girlfriend.   Once again, the naked girls switched, so blondie and him were fucking in the half-standing position face to face. As they fucked, the brunette aggressively played with her girlfriend’s milkers as he watched them carefully. Then she got an idea and grabbed some oil from the sauna that she poured all over her girl’s boobs. She leaned back as the oil dripped down her tits, and the guy placed her leg on his shoulder, banging her without stopping. Then the brunette poured some oil on his cock and her girlfriend’s cunt, so they fuck even more smoothly. Jordi stood up with his erect penis dripping with oil and pussy juices, so the blondie got under his dick and licked it. He placed his meat down her throat as she was sitting in that position with her legs spread, massaging her oily clitoris. Her girlfriend played with her tits for a bit and then pushed her away to suck him off while blondie ate her out. While she was feasting on her pussy the guy took some oil and poured it on her tits and kitty. Naked girls both stood up and got on their knees, proceeding to suck on his cock together as he watched them in desperation. Then he sat down, and they got behind him with their feet on his huge meat and jerked him off. They did it until he released a massive and thick load on their pretty faces.