After school, the money-hungry teen went to her neighbor to ask him if she could do something around the house for money. He offered this cute little teen to wash his boat after he saw her ass cheeks hanging from her shorts. While she was cleaning the boat, he sprinkled her with water, and she got all soaked! The girl didn’t mind, so she took off her clothes and left only her panties on, exposing her pierced nips. They chilled a bit after washing the boat, and the dude showed her his HUGE COCK. The small girl had never seen so giand penis! She grabbed it with her tiny hands and began sucking and licking it. They went inside, and the skinny naked girl continued to suck his huge dick, and then she turned around exposing her wet hole. He pushed his cock inside from behind, stretching her tight pussy lips to the max, while she was trying to keep a balance on the chair as he pulled her hair hard. He stood enjoying the feeling of her pussy muscles pulsating and clasping tight around his huge cock. The naked girl got up, and he still drilled her from behind, just in the standing position now. The man then sat on the chair as she pinned herself down on his huge meat in the reverse cowgirl. He lifted her legs with his arms, and his dick got even deeper inside of her, making her go crazy. The dolly needed a break, so she got on her knees and sucked him off again, slurping her pussy juices. The neighbor then fucked her as he held her up, then he put her down and continued to do the same. The bulky guy fucked the tiny girl in the doggy as well as from the side while still pulling on her hair hard. He sat on the chair again, and she sat on his big dick while struggling to ride it as it was too big for her. After struggling, the small naked girl got on her knees and blew him when he took her petite body and began to rail it again. He felt like cumming, so he put her down, and she waited patiently for the semen to cover her face until it did. While he unloaded a splash of jizz in her mouth, she masturbated like the little whore she was. 