As the lovely girl was riding her scooter, she felt a bit naughty, so she exposed her bare tits. She rode it like that until the guy from the neighborhood noticed her amazing tits bouncing left and right, up and down. He quickly opened his robe wide, exposing his dick to the open air and started spinning it in all directions. When the busty blonde saw his morning wood she gladly accepted the invite. While all that was happening, the other guy, saw what was going on and followed them. The man that went into the house with the horny neighbor chick took off his robe and revealed his erect cock. The girl took it pleasantly in her mouth while sitting on the sofa as the guy from the outside was watching all of it. The dude got aroused even more from her sucking skills and her seductive eyes that watched him while doing it. He moved back and got on the bend with her lifting her dress up and sticking his cock inside of her bare twat. As he fucked her from the back while pulling her hair, the man from the outside took his phone and filmed them. The girl got on top of the dude with her dress half hanging and began to ride him, completely ignoring the man from the outside. Her amazing tits were bouncing all over her new lover’s face.   The blondie stopped and placed her mouth on his tip, slowly inserting his dick inside of her mouth. As she sucked him off, her tits jiggled to the rhythm, but then she got back on top just in the reverse cowgirl position. He controlled her movements with his hand under her tights, and then he started to even rub her clit for double pleasure. As the guy from the outside was still watching, the dude placed her on the sofa and lifted her legs. With her legs up and then one leg on his shoulder, he fucked the sexy babe like a wild animal as she played with her boobies. After playing with her tits, she slowly placed her hand on her clitoris and rubbed it while being fucked. The man grabbed her legs and slowly bent her down to her face, almost reaching deep inside of her cunt. He was skilled very, and it was making her brain melt, and her insides feel like sparkles. He smashed her trimmed cunt as she moaned loudly while being clueless that there was a man outside their window filming and watching them. The man felt that he was close to finishing, so the obedient blondie got on her knees with a big smile on her face waiting for the big finish. He jerked off into her face as he watched her smile when he released a massive and thick load on her pretty face and her boobs.