Would you like to have a blind date and try to have sex with an unknown person? The idea to be fucked like a slut turned on this girl so much. When she arrived at the address given to her, she found just a note, saying her to get fully naked and take a shower. The girl was in the shower getting ready for her mysterious lover to arrive. The beautiful skinny naked girl was washing her pussy and massaging her soapy tits to make herself clean for him. When the naked girl got out of the shower, she saw a red scarf with a note that said she needed to bind her eyes. The obedient girl did what her lover wrote in the note and lay on the bed. She spread her legs rubbing her clitoris in anticipation. Finally, he entered the room and got close to her. She felt his strong hands on her body. He touched her legs, her breast and her pulsating pussy. With his tongue out he dived between her legs, deep into her cunt. He ate her twat like it was his first meal after many days of starving. He kissed and made out with her beautiful cunt with his spit dripping down her asshole as he fingered it at the same time. After he ate her out while the naked girl was still laying on the bed, blindfolded, he put his cock near her mouth. When she felt it, the girl immediately started to suck him off, and then he got on his back. Blondie came close to his hog and began sucking on it again when he removed her blindfold. She sucked on his huge dick like a lollipop while feeling the double sensation from it since she was blindfolded. Her smell and taste receptors were sharpened up since her seeing ones were shut down.   They started to make out aggressively when he turned her around and tied up her hands with the scarf. After he did that, he ate her pussy from behind as well as her asshole while she couldn’t move. He positioned his cockhead at the entrance of her soft pussy lips and pushed himself deep. This was the tightest pussy he had ever sank his cock into! Her head went straight up and she arched her back when he got his 10 inches inside her little pussy. He banged her hard from the back, making her moan like crazy with pure pleasure. The feeling was amazing and she pushed her pussy toward him so he fucked her balls deep. He kept slamming his gigantic cock insde her again and again, making her tiny body tremble and squirm! After he turned her around, he continued to rail her wet cunt while watching her face in pleasure. The skinny naked girl got on top of his giant dick and placed her legs on his chest as he performed as a power bottom. When the girl switched her position and was on top of him, he pierced her with his huge cock once again. She got into the riding position and rode him like crazy until she fell back, squirming and writhing in orgasm, and he continued to fuck her like that. He fucked her on the side, too, and then the girl began sucking on his cock covered with her pussy juices. He smashed her again from the back until he felt his meat pulsating and took it out, which ended up in her face being covered with cum. His semen dripped down her pretty face as she smiled with pleasure.