The girlfriends were playing around, and they got a bit freaky, so the brunette moved the blondies panties to the side. She was on top of her, so she did that and ate her pussy with her pierced tongue. The sexy girls began to make out and slowly strip, which ended up with them scissoring with each other. While the naked girls were slamming their wet cunts against each other, they noticed that their roommate was spying on them, so the brunette had a dare. She dared her girlfriend that she couldn’t suck his cock before his own girlfriend did, so she took the dare. He was horny from the show he saw, so he went into the shower with his girlfriend to get freaky. The girl was giving him a handjob while his eyes were closed. He enjoyed it and waited to feel her mouth. Suddenly the girls sneaked upon them and one of them covered his girlfriend’s mouth, and they took her out of it. The brunette moved her away with her hand on the girl’s mouth so she couldn’t scream when the blondie placed herself in front of him instead. She sucked his cock, and he enjoyed it with his eyes closed, but when he opened them, it wasn’t his girlfriend! He wasn’t disappointed with what he saw, so he did not complain, and the slutty blonde continued to suck his cock while looking him in the eyes. She saw her girlfriend watching them and touching herself to it, so she closed the shower door and turned around.   He began to bang her from the back when she did that without question as her tits were pressed on the glass door. Brunette got turned on by the sight in front of her, so she decided to join them, and the man was pleased with it. The naked girls both sucked on his erect penis while touching each other sexually and desperately. The brunette got on her all four while her girlfriend placed herself in front of her with her legs spread. She ate her out when the roommate got behind the girl and pierced her with his thick meat. After that, the dude lay on the floor, and the naked girls got on top of him with their wet pussies. He took the lead as the power bottom and banged them one after the other as he was laying there. The man then placed one slut in the bath with her legs widely spread and railed the shit out of her. When he got on the floor again, the girls both gave him a titty fuck! Both girls had amazing boobs! After that, the girls kept eating each other’s pussy. While the girls were busty eating their cunts, the dude banged them from the back as hard as he could. They switched places, and the princess sucked on her girl’s titties while she got fucked from the back. Two busty naked girls got on their knees and rubbed their tits against each other while he came all over them.