The other day her stepbrother was so horny that he made a hole in the pumpkin and jerked off with it. He then pretended as if nothing had happened. But his slutty stepsister had her phone camera turned on at the time and showed the video to him. The clever girl began blackmailing him with the video, and because she had reached a nubile age of curiosity, she wanted him to kiss her pussy! She had never had her pussy licked and wanted to try it so much! They both got naked, and she got on the bed with her legs spread wide. He began kissing and licking her young bald pussy. He was laying between her slim legs with his hands under her cute little ass, looking up at her face as she was coming down from her very first orgasm. After her first oral experience, she wanted to suck his cock. She had fantasized many times about sucking cock and swallowing thick globs of cum. Her stepbro sat on the chair with his thick meat exposed while she got on her knees to blow him. The tiny naked girl licked his cock and tasted it for the first time. She kissed the head of his cock, then opened her mouth and took the head inside. She sucked him, imitating what she had seen in porn. After she sucked him off, the girl asked him to pop her cherry. Since she was so tiny and she was virgin, he placed a pillow under her. The feeling of his cock inside was the most pleasant feeling ever. His big cock was stretching her tight cunt hard, making her brain go crazy, but the naughty girl wanted more.   She slowly slid her hand down to her clit and rubbed it in agony and pleasure that began melting her thoughts into nothingness. Stepbro sat on the sofa, and the naked girl got on top of him in the reverse cowgirl position struggling to take his whole dick. Since she was struggling, he got his hands under her buttcheeks to help her, and they covered almost her whole area. She was so small compared to him that it was the same as using the blow-up doll, just the realistic one who could breathe. As the pressure in that position was too much for her to take, she turned around and continued to ride him. Her petite ass cheeks jiggled as the small girl bounced on his meat and her butterfly tattoos above her ass flew with her. Since he was in the sitting position, he lay on his back, and she continued to ride him still on the small sofa that she perfectly fit on. When the princess got tired, she turned around on the sofa in doggy again, and he smacked her cunt with his cock. He fucked her from the back as he watched her petite but round ass jiggle from his pounding and her butterfly tattoos. Stepbro felt like finishing, so he got in front of her with his pulsating dick and released a huge load on her face. His sister had never seen semen come from a man before and she began to play with it. 