The couple watched TV with the girl’s best friend while they were on the floor and she was on the sofa. When her boyfriend went to the kitchen, the girl came to her bestie, whom she had a huge crush on, and started touching her big bubble ass. The girls began to make out while the best friend took the blondies panties off and stuck her fingers in her lovely cunt. She fingered her from the back and gave her the fingers to lick them clean behind her boyfriend’s back. Since he still wasn’t there, the horny girls began to scissor on the floor half-naked. The boyfriend was in the kitchen clueless, while his girlfriend was eating out her best friend. When the man suddenly turned around, he saw only his girlfriend’s best friend on the sofa while she provocatively looked at him. Since her bestie was on the floor eating her out, not having a clue like him, she slid off her top and exposed her tits. A horny boyfriend, without a word, exposed his half-erect penis making her aware that he wanted her too. When the sneaky friend stopped goofing with her bestie, she left her on the floor to watch the TV. The girl did not care, and the cock hungry slut went straight to the kitchen to her best friend’s boyfriend. Suddenly, an innocent afternoon of TV watching has turned into a full-out sneaky, sexy threesome! She immediately got on her knees and began to suck his huge meat, not caring about her bestie! After she sucked him off and gave him a titjob, she bent over on the kitchen counter and let him enter her. He banged her with her leg up as he held it for her like a gentleman, so she didn’t fall off! When his girlfriend arrived, she bent over on the side of the table so the girl wouldn’t be able to see her.   His cock was still inside of her bestie while she talked, and when she left, they finished their little game. She came so hard that she squirted a large amount of juice on the floor. They all got back to watch the TV, and he brought the popcorn, but instead of popcorn, his dick was peaking through. When the girl saw that, he gave him a handjob which made him jizz so hard that it needed up on his girlfriend’s panties! She felt something on the butt, and when she smelled it, she knew exactly what it was! When she realized what was happening, she took off the cum soaked panties and placed them in her best friend’s mouth! After she did that, she started to suck off her boyfriend in front of the blondie as she just watched them. The girl proceeded to ride her man like a pony while the horny blonde began masturbating to the sight. Shortly after, she even joined them and sucked his hog while her bestie shook her ass on top of him. The girls agreed to share him and sucked him off together, and switched places from time to time on his dick. As he fucked his girlfriend, her best friend was on top of her face gushing her with her creamy twat. Both hot naked girls took turns riding his cock and squirting all over him. Imagine having sex with two hot blondes! When he felt like he was about to cum they lined up on the floor in front of him and waited for the semen that they received. With the jizz dripping down their face and his cock in front of them, they proceeded to make out.