It was four months ago when my new neighbors moved in. I went out to meet my new neighbours and we seemed to get on well, they are in their mid-40s which is about the same age as me. However it was their daughter who caught most of my attention! Reyna was really pretty with her cute little ass and her tight tops clearly demonstrated that she had young and firm breasts. It was yesterday and I was just finishing up some work I had brought home when my doorbell rang. When I answered my door I was surprised to find Reyna standing there. The girl just wanted to play with me. I couldn’t take my eyes off her body and she smiled back at me, her eyes sparkling. I was staring for too long, and looking up and down at her sexy body. My blood-filled, swollen cock was now rock hard in my pants. Suddenly, she knew exactly what she needed to do. Yes, all the young girls now are sluts, she is no different. She revealed her small tits to me, and overall she was quite petite compared to my big and strong figure. The teen girl got half-naked on the floor when I came behind her with my huge dick over her cute face. The girl licked it a few times to try it and then got in front of me on her knees to blow it. As she was sucking me off as a good girl should, we moved to the sofa where she was on her all fours. I took off her shorts, revealing her tight round ass and her young pussy. Since she was so small, I turned her upside down as I was standing.   In that position, I ate her pussy while she struggled to suck my huge cock in that uncomfortable position. I placed the teen brunette on the bed, and, as she bent over, my huge meat struck her tight hole. Enjoying the feeling of her tight pussy around my cock, I began pulling my cock out of her and slamming myself balls deep into her, the feeling of her hungry pussy desperately trying to suck my cock back in almost making me lose control. My cock was so big, and her pussy was so small and tight! As I was fucking her, she held my big hand for closure. The girl then again got to my hog with her mouth and proceeded to struggle to suck it with her makeup dripping down her face. I placed the tiny girl on top of me and performed as a power bottom while she moaned since it was too big for her. I fucked her in multiple positions while she rubbed her clitoris like my huge cock wasn’t enough for her petite body. With the feeling of my huge cock fucking her young tight cunt, and the sight of her petite body, her cute little ass shaking and jiggling from the fucking she was getting, her long, slender legs spread open for my cock, and her beautiful face twisted in pleasure, I knew I was not going to last long. I started slamming my cock into her harder and faster than before. She was cumming on my cock, clenching her cunt tight around me. I pulled out of her and blasted a massive load all over her petite body!