Chantal and her lesbian girlfriend were hanging out with their friends, who were a couple like them. Chantal was sick of her boring girlfriend, so she and her girl friend decided to goof around a bit behind their back. The girls got into another room while her boring girlfriend was talking to her friend’s boyfriend. The blondie took off her clothes and exposed her tits while having only her panties on. The girls made out, they both removed all of their clothes and went onto the bed, making out and touching each other sexually. Two naked girls quickly began to scissor, not caring that their partners might see them cheat. Karma heard her boyfriend coming so she hid quickly her friend while pretended she was naked for him. He believed her that she wanted to surprise him, which turned him on, so he pushed her to the mirror and fucked her from behind. Chantal peaked through the closet, and when the boyfriend saw her, he was surprised but not disappointed. The naked girls pushed him onto the bed, and he began to fuck Chantal when they heard her girlfriend coming, so they covered her up. It looked like he was fucking his girlfriend instead of Chantal, but the girl was still furious. She just gave up and left, leaving them. The girls wanted to suck his hog together, and so they did. The sluts licked it and switched it repeatedly while occasionally making out. After his dick was lubed up properly, Chantal got on top of him in the reverse cowgirl and rode him like a cowboy. As she was doing that, his girlfriend did not want to miss any fun herself, so she sat on his face. The blonde slut and her friend switched places, and while Karma was riding his hog, she also ate Chantal’s cunt at the same time. Chantal wanted to ride him too, and so she did, slamming herself hard down onto his cock. Two hot naked girls switched places again, and the girl got into the doggy position for her boyfriend to fuck her. As he smashed her cunt, she ate out her friend’s pussy while her boyfriend watched it all from behind. After switching places again, the man fucked Chantal and his girlfriend simultaneously like a pro. As he fucked the sluts, when she got to his cock together, he proceeded to jizz all over their tongues. 