I got really horny as this girl Jessica came over to see the apartment. She had huge boobs and one could tell that what she was about to do wasn’t her first carnival. She was my neighbor whom I’ve never met but she met my dick in about under three minutes of knowing me. What a gal! I had a fight with my girl so she was here to console me. She did it by taking my dick out of my pants, stroking and slobbering all over it. The gargling sounds that the sexy girl made probably made my neighbors die out of jealousy. I’m sure they were listening in. She was not holding back on those sounds. The way she was slobbering my sausage made me want her even more, imagining what it would be like to stuff her hard. Also, she didn’t make it any easier for me to say no to her as she was all about pleasuring me. Once she took off her panties, I knew I was in trouble. That pussy slid down my dick as if it was laced with soap. It was slippery like ice, warm ice to be exact. It was soft too and warm and tight. It was too damn hot! Her pussy was the bomb from the moment I entered her. The way Jessica moaned made me feel wanted. Not like my square-ass old lady. The busty babe was riding my dick and she was going up and down, changing the pace mid-way just so that I could cum faster. I held my camera before my face so I could record the whole thing as she was bouncing against my dick. My hands cupping her adorable tits, my fingers tweaking and twirling the nipples. Her tits were the best I had ever seen. Women with big tits have always fascinated me. Her ass was tight and round, just the way I like it. Her face was cute and innocent but only initially. That innocence went right out of the window once she started seducing me. All the way through our fuck I could feel the insides of her pussy and how good it felt rubbing against my dick. I could cum right then and there but she had ways of stopping that with the way she maneuvered her pussy on my dick. What a gal! I wanted to finish inside of her so bad but I also wanted to keep on fucking her since she was too damn into this fuck! It was a pleasure just listening to her moan, let alone how she enjoyed my dick in her. I flipped her on her back and started fucking her missionary watching her amazing boobs sloshing all over. I felt that last pump warm up my balls and I knew I was done. I let her know I was about to cum. She opened her mouth wide and took my semen right in her mouth. I think I’m not in a relationship anymore. 