She had to study with the professor for her exam, but she didn’t feel like studying. Her young pussy had itched the whole morning in school and she had been thinking so much about cocks. While he wasn’t looking, the little slut changed her clothes into more provocative ones. Now she was ready to seduce her teacher. All her boys from school came really fast and she wanted to try a real man, someone who could fuck the shit out of her, make her cum and cum all over her like all those guys from porn videos. When she revealed her beautiful breasts to him, the professor couldn’t resist anymore, no matter how inappropriate it was. The slutty schoolgirl bent over and removed her panties for him to slap her pale butt with the ruler. The young naked schoolgirl got on top of his desk with her holes exposed for him and legs spread wide! Her both holes were right in his face. Her pink pussy lips were quivering in anticipation! He dive between her ass cheeks and began kissing, licking and eating her out. He enjoyed licking her young pussy and her sweet anus, his tongue slightly probing her in both her holes that were now soaked with her pussy juices. He licked her from the back and then turned her around, continuing what he was doing already. He fingered her and licked her clit while the naked schoolgirl held her legs up with knee socks on. She liked getting eaten, her teacher knew exactly how to tongue fuck her pussy! But she wanted him to finally pound his big cock into her waiting cunt. When her pussy was dripping wet, he took off his clothes, grabbed her by the legs, and penetrated her hard. Working as a teacher means looking at all these young sexy teens! All these little sluts don’t miss the opportunity to flash their white panties or even pussies on purpose or by accident.   He could be fired immediately if caught having sex with a schoolgirl right in the middle of the class but her pussy felt so good. God, his wife’s twat was nothing compared to that young, smooth, pink pussy! Her pussy was tight and felt utterly and unbelievably hot. It was like a wet, tight, slick, pulsating glove. As he fucked her with her leg on his shoulder, he made her squirt twice but continued railing her because he wasn’t done. Professor turned her around and grabbed her by the hair aggressively, making her suck his dick. When he finished torturing her with his big cock down her throat, he sat down, placing her on top. Naked girl rode him in a reversed sitting position with her face turned to him. The pussy lips were puffy now from all that pumping action of his cock. After he made her squirt a third time, the blondie got on her knees and sucked him off again. But this wasn’t enough for this wild beast, so he stood up and railed her in doggy. His big balls were slapping against her clit, making her squirt again and again. When the professor was on the floor, the schoolgirl got on top of him and rode him fast. Feeling like he was reaching the end, the man stood up and placed his meat in front of her face, spilling his hot milk.