Maddy and Anothny invited their neighbors over for dinner, so Anothny was preparing it as they all waited. The busty neighbor that was invited sneaked upon him when his girlfriend disappeared. The busty slut began touching his cock. She made out with him and quickly got on her knees to suck his dick. After making his meat wet and hot, she bent over the kitchen table, spread her big ass cheeks and told the man penetrate her horny cunt from behind. He pushed his cock balls deep into her cunt, enjoying the feeling. He fucked his slutty neighbor when his wife caught them and got mad over it. But instead of staying mad, she wanted the busty slut for herself and started to kiss her. He stood there watching the girls kissing! Maddy got down on her knees and began eating out the neighbor while he watched. The kitten grabbed his dick, so he did not have to miss any fun, and jerked him off white her pussy was being eaten. Maddy licked her pussy and sucked his cock simultaneously, and got up for Anthony to fuck her. After he railed her twat Maddy and the neighbor switched, so he fucked her too while his girl licked her clit. When they both got on their knees to share his meat like two sluts, the neighbor’s husband interrupted them. When he saw two girls sucking cock he put his jealousy aside and decided to join in the fun. He pulled his cock out and the naked girls now had two cocks for fun. They took turns sucking on them. This dinner party turned into a girlfriend-swapping party for perverts! After the girls blew them off, men sat on the sofa with their dicks out as the girls both pinned down on them. They all fucked in many different positions where the girl’s pussies were being smacked, and cocks were being sucked. The girls kept licking each other’s cunts while the men switched with them and fucked them in doggy. When they were close to finishing, Anthony stood up and started to masturbate while the girls got under his meat, waiting. The other guy jerked off while watching that scene, and they both came on their faces. The naked girls kept kissing and licking their cum off each other’s faces. 