Once Hazel gets set up via the app called Face Swap, the whole entire world saw how much of a slut she really was. Well, fake slut that is. Her good friend Erika got a video sent to her with Hazel getting boinked up her ass by a random stranger. It wasn’t her in reality. It was a fake video that took her face and placed it on a face of the girl enjoying anal sex. What a world we live in! But Hazel was crushed. It was up to Erika now to solve the mystery about who would do such a devious thing. It didn’t take her too long to figure it out. It was Brian, the computer whiz who was getting laughed at at school by the cool kids. He’s the only one who would have the brains and the ability to do such a thing. What a jerk! So, it was up To Erika to convince him to stop doing these things and to take all the videos down. After a brief meltdown by Brian and him admitting that yes, in fact, it was him who did it, the beautiful girl proposed a trade-off for the videos being posted down. In no time, she was sucking hard on his dick and he was ready to take all the videos down, even the ones he didn’t post yet, but not before he nuts up that silky smooth warm cunt. The way the teen girl was sucking on his dick you could tell she was damn well into it. You won’t want to miss this high quality porn scene! Her lips were kissing the head of his cock. Her pink tongue was swirling around it as she pumped up and down his shaft with her hand. He pulled his dick out for a second and made her lick his balls as he jerked his cock over her beautiful face. The girl wanted to taste his sperm. The devious little thing. She spread her long legs in front of him allowing him to enjoy her pussy.   The nerd had never seen so beautiful, smooth pussy. Her sweet little pussy was just perfect! Once he started eating her pussy out just like dogs drink water out of their bowls, she was ready to get pumped by his nerdy cockeroo. The sexy naked girl even asked him if he was ready and he replied with an eager ‘YES’! Once she landed on his dick, those pussy lips engulfed his pecker and started pulling on it as she was jumping up and down on his dick. It was slippery and wet, making those farting sounds a slippery pussy makes. It was hot, wet, and tight, gripping his entire length delightfully. With the feeling of his cock fucking her lovely pussy, and the sight of her magnificent body, her perfect ass shaking and jiggling from the riding, her long, slender legs spread open for his cock, and her beautiful face twisted in pleasure, he knew he was not going to last long. He spilled his seed all over the insides of her pussy and he was in heaven. He even thought that she was his new girlfriend now that he exploded inside of her. The girl grabbed his cock and began to lick and suck it, enjoying his sticky cum. Then she sat on him and kept riding his cock. The white cum was leaking out of her pussy and down his shaft. Then he asked her to go on all fours with her gorgeous ass in the air, like a bitch. Erika loved the way he was taking her from the back, grabbing on her ass cheeks with primal desire, drilling her until his dick couldn’t fit anymore. It was intense. It was a matter of time before her pussy broke off his dick. And it did. Very good MF episode. Original story with a beginning, middle and end. Little foreplay, some breast play and good oral and the sex was photographed to show off her terrific body which does detract from passion, as usual, that body contact would give. The guy was good as the nerd having his dreams fulfilled!