Stepdad was angry with his stepdaughter for being irresponsible while her mom was not there. The sexy teen girl demanded she wanted a job to have money for herself because she couldn’t do things around the house. The stepdad had enough of her, so he took out his dick and told her in anger that this would be her job! The blondie wasn’t sure at first, but she did not have anything else to do, so she started to suck him off. You can hear her muffled moans as his big cock was sliding in and out of her mouth. She loved the taste of a man and gladly awaited the filling of her mouth with cum. When the night passed, he couldn’t think about anything else but her juicy lips on his hard meat. After the stepdaughter came into the living room tomorrow, they had another argument, but this time it was with sexual tension. That ended up with her bending over in front of him and his cock slowly massaging her pussy lips through the shorts. Slutty stepdaughter wondered how her daddy’s cock felt, so she took off her shorts without a second thought. When the girl bent over the table with her big bubble ass and her holes exposed to him, he came close and penetrated her from the back. Since their genitals were finally in contact, they moved to the sofa in the doggy position, making her ass cheeks spread wide. God, she looked good, her ass and her smooth pussy just begging to be fucked by him. The dad grabbed her bum with his big hand and controlled the pressure of the pounding. This teen babe has the most perfect big, round booty you have ever seen! She pushed her amazing ass back, to meet his thrusts, faster and faster.   She arched her back making her ass go even higher, giving him an even better angle to fuck her. Her perfectly round buttocks were slapping against his abdomen. After they had sex for the first time, he couldn’t think about anything else, and he wanted his stepdaughter even more than ever. What began as a dumb punishment is now his torment, and he couldn’t keep it to himself anymore, so he went into her room later. The sexy teen babe was wearing a white shirt and short skirt with a pin in her blonde hair. The obedient stepdaughter laid down, and he came up to her with his meat out, slowly placing it in her mouth. Daddy turned her around and lifted her skirt, exposing the girl’s shaved pussy. He felt like he was waiting for a whole eternity to see that lovely peach again. The stepfather penetrated her tight hole and railed her in the standing position as he watched her slowly. Her hair, blue eyes, and her pussy had his full attention as he smashed her insides with his pride. He fucked her from the side while grabbing her thigh and controlling the pressure on her cunt. The blondie stood up and bent over the bed for him to stick his meat once again but even deeper inside of her. As the stepdaddy fucked her, she shook her big bubble ass to make him feel even greater pleasure in his eyes and cock as well. He couldn’t resist anymore, but he knew he shouldn’t cum in his stepdaughter, so he placed his dick in front of her face. The girl waited patiently for him to finish on her tongue while glancing at him and his pride simultaneously. He reached the end and released a big load of jizz that dripped down her pretty face.