Slutty teen babe was so horny, she texted her boyfriend to come to her house, hiding from her parents. The dude began to suck on her juicy tits and then to lick her asshole and her pussy. He kept licking her ass crack even when her stepmom came into the room. When the stepmom left the horny teen grabbed his hard cock, placed my it into her mouth and began bobbing her head up and down his shaft. Then the teen wanted to ride his cock. He fucked her trying to avoid the new stepmom and her dad. But the MILF suddenly returned and saw the teens having sex! When she saw her stepdaughter’s boyfriend’s cock, she wanted some for herself! She sent her dad in to spoil her daughter’s fun and the dude escaped just in time. On his way out, he saw a delivery bag in their yard! Unsatisfied, he came up with a plan to dress up as and entered their home as a delivery guy. When he got in, he saw her new hot stepmom, whom he tried to ignore and came to his girlfriend. The girlfriend peeked in his bag where she saw a hole with his cock peeking through, so she smiled with satisfaction. The girl started to jerk him off, making him cum, when the stepmom arrived to look in the bad and saw everything. When the MILF saw that, she immediately wanted to try him out, not being aware of anything. She pulled him into her room while her husband was somewhere else, where she got on her knees immediately. MILF spat on his dick and began to blow him and give him a titty fuck. While that was happening, his girlfriend got to the door and lifted her skirt to masturbate to the sight. When the mommy saw her, she grounded her on the chair to watch them with her panties in the girl’s mouth. While the MILF was riding him with her big ass, the daughter masturbated, so the momma took her on the bed and ate her pussy. Stepmom and stepdaughter scissored with each other with his cock between their wet cunts. He fucked his girl while she ate her mom’s cunt, and the naked girls kept switching places like that. When they both got the taste of his meat, they got on their knees and waited for his hot semen to fall onto their tongues. 