Teen slut craved some cock, but she wanted to try out a threesome since she was dick starved that she needed two. The petite girl invited two guys much bigger than her and older who agreed to fuck her together. To set them in the mood, she took off her clothes and masturbated naked in front of them on the couch. The naked girl smeared her pussy juices all over with her fingers. She teased them while fingering herself with her legs up in heels and nothing else. Men were teased enough, so they came beside her and proceeded to touch her creamy twat while also making out with her. When they all stood up, the girl jerked them off at the same time with her small hands, lubing them up with her spit. Naked girl slowly got on her knees and deepthroated each cock simultaneously. Nothing better than having two cocks! She sucked one and played with the other, moving her mouth from one cock head to the other. This little slut had always had a fantasy of having sex with two men at the same time! One of the guys took her and placed her on top of himself, using her as a mere fleshlight or sex doll. While he fucked her from the bottom, she sucked off the other dude to the side. Kitten struggled to keep it up, so she got on her knees and slurped all the pussy juices from his cock. While she blew him, another dude was jerking off to the said sight that was making him aroused. Tiny naked girl got on top of him and slid down on his chode easily. She wanted to show off and give her best, so she rode the bulky guy when another grabbed her by the hair. With her long brown hair in his hand, she sucked his cock while fucking another man.   When the man moved to the side, she focused on the riding, and then the girl got on her knees to slurp the pussy juices again. After finishing the blowjob, she got back on the top in the reverse cowgirl position while the other guy masturbated beside her. She turned around and continued her ride while also grabbing another schlong in her hand covered with spit. He took the girl and placed her on the bed, and fucked her this time while another guy jerked off instead. The man came on her cute face while she was being pounded in the pussy by another, but that wasn’t the end. After he smeared his semen all over her face, he shoved his meat into her mouth. They switched into doggy, and while she was getting slammed from the back, she sucked off another cock at the same time. When the men switched places, the guy who was banging her now had no mercy and pulled her hands in the back. The girl got on top then and still pleasured both dicks at the same time when a man took her up. They stood up while the muscular beats railed her from the back when the other gentleman finished on her face. The princess got on her knees with her tongue out and wished for them to pour all their milk on her face, and so they did. She felt like such a slut! Two cocks cumming on her face, spurting jets of warm semen out their cockheads on her face from either side, satisfied her like never before.