The couple wanted to buy a new house to move in together, but their seller kept distracting them with her looks. The seller had enough of it and confronted the couple about undressing her with their eyes. The prospective buyers were so interested in her curb appeal, drifting into elaborate sexual fantasies about her big tits and booty as she showed them the property. She pushed them both onto the bed in the master bedroom, and they lay there with no objections waiting for the next thing to occur. The brunette began making out with the couple, and all three of them started to strip in the meanwhile. The naked girls proceeded to make out, and when the guy came in between them, his girlfriend started to suck him off. While she was smoking his chode the seller ate her out with his fingers on her pussy hole. Both naked girls then surrounded his erect penis and licked it together. The real estate agent got up and kissed him. His girlfriend kept on making out with his cock. The brunette lay on her back, waiting for a tongue to slip in. The other girl knew what to do and started to make out with her cunt while her boyfriend clapped her cheeks from the back. Hot MILF then came on top of the girl and began sucking his dick, slurping all the pussy juices of his girlfriend. Both girls bent over on the bed after it, and the man fucked them both simultaneously. He fucked them both, moving his cock from one pussy to the next. Their deliciously big asses were shaking and jiggling monstrously. The girls moaned into each other’s faces. Then his girlfriend got in front of their house seller and placed her twat in front of her to eat it. She ate her cunt while her boyfriend banged her from the back. When the dude lay on the bed, the hot naked girls proceeded to share his cock by switching and occasionally riding his face. The next one who got on their back was his girlfriend, so he came in front of her and grabbed her by the legs. He pounded her twat like that while the seller was riding her face as her pussy juices slid down her cheeks. After switching multiple positions, the man was in front of the girls while the MILF jerked him off. He finished on his girlfriend’s tongue and the seller’s tummy. 