Bella and Sera decided that skipping school today was a great idea. The two slutty teens were just chit-chatting in the room about life and the boys, as they came to a conclusion that Sera kind of fancies Bella’s stepbrother. The girls talked about it a bit, but they just kind of brushed it off as nothing special. If something happens, it happens. Why bother with uncertainties. Meanwhile, Sera’s uptight and straight by the book stepbrother was checking up on her, since she ditched school. Damn, how could she do such a thing? So, he came over to pick her up but things took a different turn once he came to the house. He had no idea that Bella kind of thought that he was cute. What better way to reveal the truths and amp up the tension than by playing the game of truth or dare. So, it was ‘take off your bra’ dare, then it was getting naked and at the very end, it was, ‘grab my step-brother’s cock’ kind of a deal. Sure enough, they were all butt naked fucking each other’s brains out in a matter of seconds. The beautiful young naked girls were sucking those step-bro dongs as if there was no tomorrow. The dudes enjoyed the sex session regardless of their step-sisters being next to them getting fucked. That was kind of the thrill of it all. As the naked girls were riding those cocks and bouncing up and down, letting their boobies hang as if they were on a trampoline, the alpha step-bro, reached out and grabbed his step-sister’s boob! It was outrageous!   But, since they were both getting lost in the heat of the moment, this even aroused them more, so they just brushed it off as “experimenting”. The doggy-style fucking was where the girls lost their nerve and started cumming all over their dicks. The moans and the screams were great indicators that the girls were getting to the promised land and that the journey was mui caliente. They went full lesbian on each other, kissing and caressing each other as the dudes were just going at them hard, drilling those pussies as if their dicks were jackhammers that had no off button to them. The ladies then went for a simultaneous cock sucking move on one of the lucky step-bros. Disregarding the fact that they were semi-related, sucking a step-brother’s cock was a move that both of them will never forget. It was a real teen orgy; the boys were licking cunts, the girls were sucking cocks, cumming one after the other. Now, at the end, as the men had nothing in their tanks, they let their firehoses rip. The white semen juices went flying in the air, hitting the step-sisters in the face and all over their sweat-covered bodies. Who fucked who after a while became a blur, what was for certain that these families will have some expensive psychotherapy sessions to go to. Watch more amazing Step Brothers Swap Sisters For Sex porn!