The lesbian couple needed a place to stay for a few days, so they decided to stay with Casey’s ex-boyfriend. Arabelle expresses some worry about the situation, but Casey is quick to assure her that she and her ex are on great terms. When they watched the movie at night, Casey became sleepy, so she went away and left her girlfriend and ex together. Arabelle and the man began talking and slowly started to make out when she removed her top. She had the biggest tits he had ever seen live. His EX was very lucky! The horny man grabbed her massive boobs and then she removed her bra as well, exposing her juicy breasts. They were fucking incredible. He began massaging and squeezing her tits with both hands. They really shouldn’t have been doing this, especially with Casey being in the next room but his ex’s lesbian girlfriend was so hot! When the man revealed his erect cock the girl slid down on the sofa in her red panties. His hand got to her clitoris, and he rubbed it to make Arabelle hornier, so she didn’t change her mind. Brunette sucked him off while he played with her pussy, and then she turned around. With his pants down, he moved her red panties to the side and shoved his rock-hard thing inside. Her full heavy tits were swaying back and forth with their rhythm. He pounded harder and deeper into her and she had to cover her mouth with her hand, trying to remain quiet so that Casey didn’t hear. They then got fully naked and had missionary sex on the couch. Looking at her voluptuous breasts he began fucking her with more obsession. He felt her pussy squeezed his cock, she was cumming! While they fucked, Casey called Arabelle to come to bed, and they quickly got dressed! She went into the room. Arabelle was horny because of the previous events, so she began to make out with her girlfriend. When the girls both got naked, Arabelle got down to her girl’s cunt and made out with it passionately. She further probed her tongue deep into her slippery pussy bringing gargled yelps of joy from her.   Her girlfriend devoured her pussy, licking the delectable mushy wet folds from top to bottom. She acted as a professional cunt licker, tongue jabbing Casey to the peak of her pleasure and lust. After making her cum all over her face she couldn’t resist anymore. She asked Casey for a threesome with her EX! Casey was hesitant about it but was soon convinced by Arabelle. When the naked girls proposed a threesome to him, he was surprised but VERY willing. They all start kissing, and then the girls gave him a double-blowjob. His ex and her lesbian girlfriend were sucking and licking his cock and his balls. Casey hadn’t had sex with him for so long but wanted to ride him, enjoy that feeling of a real cock stretching out her vagina. Arabelle was there rubbing her pussy and watching her lesbian girlfriend having an orgasm with her EX boyfriend. Eventually, Casey put her ass on his face as Arabelle rode him and ate Casey out. Both naked girls took turns riding him in cowgirl as they continued to make out and fondle each other. The girls switch, and he had missionary sex with Casey as Arabelle facesit on her. Arabelle and Casey then got into a 69 position, getting fucked by him in doggystyle at the same time. He fucked them until he jizzed on their faces and big tits! The lesbians began kissing with his cum all over their faces. Download more high quality porn. This is without question one of the hottest, most amazing threesomes I have ever seen. This video hopefully will win a 2022 AVN award or two. It definitely deserves to! Amazing chemistry, passion, sensuality, phenomenal women – all boxes checked. Great believable story, Great believable sex! 