The girls were having a wholesome time  in the Art Class until the nude model showed up. It was a fit man with just a towel on him that was soon removed. That revealed his massive penis that wasn’t even fully hard and it was still huge which made girls act up. One of the cock hungry sluts from the class could not resist anymore so she got on her knees in front of him. She started to suck the nude model off as she was hypnotized by his meat while others proceeded to paint him. Another girl from the class with blonde hair decided to join them since she was charmed by his cock. Two beauties shared his hog while others painted them. The dark-haired kitten left the meat for a cock hungry blondie and went for his asshole from the back. The muscular man let the women play with his schlong and asshole how much they wanted. The girls decided to strip naked so the blondie bent over the chair for the beast to penetrate her. He banged her from the back watching her blonde hair move on her tattooed back while placing his thumb in another girl’s mouth. It was a turn for a black-haired beauty to jump in so she sat on the chair instead with her legs spread. The bulky man ate her bald kitty while the girl made out with her and played with her boobies. He laid down on the floor so the naked girls were on top of him, squatting and bouncing on his hog and twerking on his face. When the naked women switched places the bombshell rode his mouth covered in another woman’s pussy juices. While that was occurring on the top at the bottom the slutty baby doll jerked him off. When she got him all hard she got on top in the reverse cowgirl squatting on his meat moaning loudly. The other girl came behind her and played with her juicy titties that bounced as well. The man was laying down moving just his tongue while the girls on top got all fired up. They sped up and as the one was riding his cock another rode his face syncing their loud moans. The man suddenly proceeded with his act as a power bottom and which lasted shortly. He felt like finishing so he quickly got up and the naked women knew what to do so they got on their knees in front of his beast. The nude model jerked off until he painted their faces with his cum. 