Have you ever had sex aboard an aircraft in flight? In porn it happens on all flights and with the hottest air hostesses. This dude seems to have struck a lottery with this flight that he was on. A super hot and busty babe sat next to him when he entered the plane, showcasing her thick ass. He immediately notices the cum still left dribbling down her face! The slut probably had done it with several men in the bathroom. She just couldn’t go a day without feeling a cock inside her, or jizz oozing out of her. She loved giving strange men a blowjob! The dude met the hottest crazy slut ever and he realized he couldn’t miss this chance! So, he had a bright idea to stick his dick through a hole in the tray. That dick was huge! The girl took a look at his showcase, took one look at him, gave him a sly smile, and went to work on his schlonger. As she was sucking the poor old fellow, the flight attendant walked past and saw what was going on. One would think that she would say something or reprimand the two of them for sexually endangering the other passengers. But, she was actually the one who was endangered, in danger of mission out on that big fat chodester! She soon had some fun of her own, ripping off the back of her nylon stockings and shoving his face right into her perfect Ebony ass and her pussy!   He was drooling and slobbering all over her sexy ass! Then she made him go to the back of the plane where she personally reprimanded the fellow – by sucking him silly! She wanted that big white dick balls deep into her black pussy. The hostess sat him down, fastened his seatbelt and climbed on his dick. The girl began slamming herself down on him, her tits slapping his face as they flew up and down with her movements. She moaned as she began sliding up and down his giant cock, squeezing it with her tight cunt. The slut that was sitting next to him god mad jealous so she came back too and at this time, it was obvious that he was going to have a full-blown threesome 100,000 feet in the air. Talk about the mile-high club! He fucked both of these hotties the best way he could. Doggystyle, cowgirl, even standing up. The girls took turns sucking on his cock and did it together too. He went from one cunt to the other, he fucked the sexy black air hostess for a minute first, then just before he climaxed, he switched to fucking the busty slut. The naked girls had an orgasm one after the other. Having two super hot pussies on your dick can take its toll, so he came on both of them, right on their faces so the cum dripped down their tits. What a flight!