While playing a Tabletop game, they tried to summon a lovely lady, and so they did. She had a purple dildo in her belt when she arrived and was ready to uncover her titties. When the girl exposed her breasts, one of the guys passed out on the floor while the other kept looking. The blondie did not want to waste more time, so she got on her knees and took off the guy’s pants. His cock was already hard, and her hand placed it in her mouth while her big blue eyes kept staring into his soul. When the guy gained consciousness, the redheaded warrior appeared and kicked him in the head. The brave warrior dropped her sword and joined the blonde elf girl in her mission. The girls both licked his cock and sucked on it while looking at him with their magical eyes. After their little game, two mystical girls went to the table without their panties and began scissoring. The naked girls scissored while the man watched them with their boobies out. While the redhead was playing with the elf’s tits and the guy was masturbating, they took out their dildos. At that moment, the passed-out man awakened and went onto them with an ax, but they attacked him back with the dildos. After the girls and the man kicked him out, the warrior bent over the table, and the mortal fucked her from behind.   With her leg on the table and his dick inside of her, she licked the elf’s pussy of a girl lying on the table. The naked girls switched places, so the elf just slid down the table on his meat when the warrior woman got on top of her face. The redhead grabbed the blondies leg up while the dude smacked her vagina, and the warrior rode her face. The horny man sped up, and the elf kept moaning and sweating, so the other girl sat on the table. She began jerking off to the sight she was seeing while the blondie rubbed her clitoris, doubling the pleasure. Redhead warrior in black wanted the taste of his cock again, so she switched places with the elf. Her legs were spread wide when the thick rod penetrated her melting her face with pleasure. While she was getting railed, the naughty elf kept teasing her nips and clit. The dude lay on the floor after when the warrior got on top of him in the reverse cowgirl riding him while torturing her clitoris. The other kitten masturbated to it and wanted more, so the guy sat down for her to sit as well but on his chode. When the man stood up with his dick up, the naked girls began to share it and pleasure it with their hands and mouth. At that very moment, his friend that was cast out came back with another attack, but the guy ordered his princesses to make him go away. The well-behaved girls listened and made the bad man disappear.