Blondie and brunette were a lesbian couple that went to get their dirty laundry clean, but some creep bothered them. The lesbians teased him a bit with boobs but brushed it off quickly when another couple came in. The naughty brunette teased the guy from afar and went to his girlfriend, that moved away from him. She immediately seduced the sexy Asian chick and let her play with her boobs which quickly led to her giving her head as well. When the Asian baddie began taking off her shorts, the slutty girlfriend stuck her head in the cleaning machine as they do it in porn. The petite girl got existed from the sight and dived deep into her pussy while rubbing off her clitoris. The beauty quickly hid when the girl’s woman arrived and was quite suspicious of the situation. When she discovered the girl, she was waiting for her in the machine with her legs spread, exposing her bald cunt. The blondie couldn’t stay indifferent to that and did not hesitate to eat her out in that position. Her girlfriend wanted to join, so she got from the back, took off her girl’s shorts, and began eating her out as well. The boyfriend came to see what was going on and when he saw it he started to record it. The couple stood up, closed the door of his girlfriend so she couldn’t leave, and sat at the nearby table. The hot naked girls began scissoring while he still recorded the happening. He had never seen two pussies grinding against each other! The sexy lesbians were cumming together! The Asian princess somehow freed herself and wanted to join, so she jumped in, eating out the girl’s twat. The lesbians were all sucking on each other’s pussies or playing with each other’s boobs, not caring if someone would see them. Three lesbians fooled around, massaging titties, kissing, licking, sucking them, fingering pussies, sucking clits, and licking assholes. When the naked girls sat next to each other, all three of them spread their legs, exposing their aching holes and rubbing their clits until orgasm! 