While I was chilling in my room ready to watch some porn and jerk off, my stepsister came. My stepsis had beautiful long ginger hair that I’m not sure if it was fake or natural, but I never bothered to ask. She was wearing some lovely gray bodysuit or something that complimented her body very well. She talked about everything she had to clean around the house, and I knew where this was going. I told her that if she expected that from me, she needed to return the favor, so I told her to help me cum. She was hesitant, but I took out my cock and stroked it while she slightly looked away. My slutty stepsister agreed, of course. That’s why I even proposed it. She grabbed my hot meat and quickly put it in her mouth, and on her face, I could see somewhat of disgust. The girl used her hands and kept spitting on it since it was dry, but her mouth was hot and slippery. Her soft lips touching my dick aroused me, and I liked the way her ginger hair was all over the place. I felt like getting my cock sucked while standing, so I stood up, and she got out of the bed. She got on her knees, which I was pretty aroused from, and continued to blow me. I felt like reaching the end, and I also felt like I would get her angry for what I was about to do. But I couldn’t hold it anymore. She was very good at her blowjob skills for someone who seemed disgusted at first. When I released a hot load straight into her mouth, I saw the face she made, and the sis was quite shocked.   She left the room, and after that, I encountered her in the hallway cleaning, and I was thirsty for more. When she was in the laundry cleaning the washing machine, and I saw she stuck her head inside it, I got a dirty idea from the said sight like they do it in porn with the stepbro I’m stuck shtick, you know. I kept touching her butt, and then I slowly slid down her tight panties uncovering her bare ass and cunt. I so wanted to stick my dick between her pussy lips, so I did. I fucked her like the true slut that she is. When she turned around, still in the washing machine since the girl was relatively tiny, I continued fucking her. I felt myself starting to come! My balls tensed and I felt my orgasm swell as I came deep inside her. Next morning I was in her room. My stepsister removed her cute pajamas, exposing her titties and her pussy. She asked me to lay down and she climbed on top of me as we made out. She reached down and grabbed a hold of my cock and guided it into her pussy.  Her hands clawed at my chest and she began to grind down on me occasionally lifting herself up half way before burying me inside her again and again. Eventually my stepsis started riding more out of control and going faster and faster. Her long ginger hair was shifting with her movements, and her beautiful breasts were jiggling with each downward thrust. The sexy naked redhead kept riding me with her ass in my face and then I smashed her some more in doggy. Her pussy was milking me. Every pulse of my ejaculation made her spasm and that made me spasm again.