Freya and Sonya had become so close on this cruise, which was a problem because Freya couldn’t keep herself from steering Sonya’s boyfriend into a private cabin. It was the best sex she had ever had. Freya never came like that before. Sonya knew all about it, and even though Freya was sleeping with her boyfriend, it only made her more attracted to her knew friend. Two girls become too close on this trip, so they got intimate when they were on the hot sand in front of the ocean. Sonya was on top of Freya, and the girls scissored while the sand was moving around their naked bodies. These two girls are so incredibly beautiful it blows my mind watching them passionately fucking on the water! After scissoring, the naked girls fingerbanged each other while the sun made their skin shiny and golden. At that moment, their lover came naked with his cock up, so the girls started to pleasure him. As the naked girls pleasured the man, the water from the ocean freshened their legs and bums and their pussies. Three friends moved to the wood on the beach, and the man lay on the towel in the hot sun. His brunette girlfriend got on top of him and rode him while her blonde friend rode his face. As the beautiful naked girls were doing their thing, pleasing the man, they made out as well while sweat dripped down their bodies. His girlfriend placed herself in the reverse cowgirl, and while he smashed her from the bottom, the blondie rubbed her clit. With his hands under her legs, he controlled her movements, and Sonya was merciless on her clitoris. When the girls switched places, the blondie got into doggy, and the boyfriend fucked her from the back. As that was occurring, he made out with his girlfriend while fucking the brains out of her new friend. It seemed his girth was somewhat difficult for both pussies to accommodate though he became more fully embedded as the fucking played out. The girls are both really amazing in this scene! A scene like this with the hottest models in the whole industry getting fucked in beautiful tropical island feels like going on vacation but somehow even better! Beautiful, natural women fucked in gorgeous surroundings is a dream scenario. Some good quality G-G action, beach banging, cheating threesome. These guys from Vixen turn your fantasies into movies that can be watched over and over. 