The thought of having sex with two guys at the same, sucking their cocks together, letting them fuck her pussy and mouth and watching them cum on her face had been her biggest fantasy! It got her wet just thinking about it! There were two suitable guys in her school who could make her dreams cum true! She decided to bring two of her classmates to fuck her at home. She was almost naked, in her white stockings, on the chair, torturing her clitoris with her mom’s vibrator for them. The boys sat there staring at her pussy! Once a little slut was ready, they stood up with their pants down, so she began feasting on their cocks. She started to blow them, making wet sucking noises and alternating from cock to cock back and forth. The girl had blonde hair, a bow on top, white stockings, and white heels. She was on the floor pleasuring them with her mouth, tongue, hands, and tits. When the princess bent over the chair, one of the men smacked her from the back with his penis. While the other one was in front of her using her other free hole to pleasure himself. The man and the girl switched places, so the girl was on top of him in reverse cowgirl, bouncing on his cock happily. As that was occurring, she was still pleasuring another dick with her slutty and hot mouth. While she was riding the man, her pussy was exposed, and she had a belly ring and small tits that jiggled to the pressure. The dude that fucked her from the bottom was much bigger and stronger than her and was performing as a power bottom.   He grabbed her boobs from the back and controlled her movements with his big hands that covered her whole chest. The cum slut turned around and rode him like that while he controlled her movements and pressure with his hands. As he was being in control of her riding the dick, her mouth was struggling to suck off another piece of meat in front of her. The men switched places, so the one sat on the chair, and the beauty sat on his cock. Her petite ass jiggled, her titties were bouncing up and down. Whenever one cock was in her mouth, the other guy would fuck her pussy. The feeling of two hot, hard cocks going in and out of her twas really indescribable and just something every woman should experience at least once. They moved the naked girl on the table on her back and penetrated her hard. With her legs up, her cunt was getting slammed as she used her mouth and hands to please another man that played with her tits as well. The blondie struggled to jerk him off with the help of her mouth and hand, and she felt a sudden pressure and wet sensation. A man suddenly jizzed all over her pretty face while she was getting drilled at the same time. While the hot semen dripped down her face, another man wanted to add some more cream to it. He got to her face with his hard dick and jerked it off until he released another load of cum that she licked off of her juicy lips like a slut. Her cute face was now completely glazed over with a layer of thick cum.