While I was outside, I met a cute blonde girl who roller-skated in the park, and she seemed to like me. We hit it off, and I took her home with me. The little girl got on the floor with her rollers still on and legs spread while teasing her clothed crotch. When she took off her clothes, she revealed her pretty bald cunt and her small titties! Do petite girls count as a fetish? Yes, these little, skinny sluts turn me on so much! Nothing better than listening to them shout for joy at being crammed full of my huge cock, once their tight pussies managed to adjust to its size. The naked girl went into the pool I had in my apartment. The pool wasn’t filled with water, so she took the bottle of oil and spread it all over her beautiful body. When she was all covered in oil, I went to her naked with my hard cock, and she began spreading the oil over my meat with her hands. She proceeded to suck my oily dick, and while she was at it I was grabbing her wet hair and controlling her movements. The oil made everything wetter, more slippery, and even her hair was oiled up. The sight of her spreading oil all over herself in my pool with her tight pussy and perky tits stuck in my mind as she sucked me off. Her spit was mixing with oil and my precum that leaked down my meat and down her chin, making her look like a hot mess. The girl did not use her hands, and she deepthroated me pretty well for someone quite smaller than me. She was a complete hot, slippery mess.   As I sat down, she got on top of my meat with her rollers still on, and it went as easy as it could be since we were both oiled up. I found it weird and cute at the same time that she still had rollers on while riding me like a crazy slut. As she rode me, I teased her tight asshole with my big fingers. I noticed she quite enjoyed it. I got even more aroused from her enjoyment, so I proceeded to fuck her hard from the bottom. When she turned into a reverse cowgirl, I still continued slamming her pussy as she rubbed her clit for double pleasure. I needed to be in control more, so I placed my arms under her legs and lifted her up with my hands on her cheeks. I reached deep inside in the said position as she moaned like a whore that had her brain melt from my huge cock. When I placed her to the side, I continued banging her and choked her as well, which made me feel like I had control over her, and I did. I fucked her while the tiny girl was on her back, rubbing her clit until she started to weep and moan while experiencing an orgasm that felt like an ecstasy rush. The feeling of her young tight pussy, gripping onto my cock every time I penetrated her was amazing. I let her decide where she wanted me to cum. The girl begged me to cum in her pussy, and I gladly obliged. 