The attractive blonde girl was supposed to get married to a wealthy man, but she felt a bit freaky before the wedding. The fiance checked into the penthouse suite of an exclusive hotel before the wedding. The hotel employee assigned to her room patiently met her every demand. Nice storyline from start to finish. Hilarious how she kept calling for him and he stoically ignored her advances. She wanted him to bring her a razor and even help her to shave her legs and and her pussy before the big event. She needed to have sex, to get fucked by a random man, one last time before the marriage! She slowly moved her panties to the side, letting the guy from room service watch. She began rubbing her wet pussy lips, masturbating in front of him, looking him into the eyes and waiting for his reaction. Yes, she wanted to seduce him into fucking her, and so she succeeded. She was fucking stunning, shapely legs, great ass, sweet, stubbly pussy. The black man fell to his knees and started eating out her moist pussy that called him. Her gorgeous body was shivering as he was kissing and licking her pussy all over. His mouth was creating an electric jolt in her body. When he stood up, he removed his clothes, exposing his big black schlong that the slutty blondie sucked on. The cock was HUGE! She struggled to suck his monster cock, but it was too big for her to take it. What a Beautiful SLUT! What a wonderful cock! He began to fuck her mouth with his giant dick. While he was doing that, she pumped his dick and moaned as he continued. Just amazing watching her suck that BBC. He knew how to work a woman’s mouth; face-fucking and throating her very well. The petite girl got on top of him with her feet on his legs, as she was quite smaller than him, and slowly slid down his meat. Only half of it fit into her little pussy, and she squatted on his huge cock like a whore just before the wedding with spit dripping down her face. The bulky man took her both legs up with his big hands and used her as a mere fleshlight.   When the blondie turned around and continued riding him, she struggled to take him whole. But the stud did not hesitate to put his big hand around her and control how much of it she takes it like that. The man placed her in front of him, bent over the sink with her leg up as he smacked her from the back. He pulled her hair as he stretched her tight pussy hole with his cobra. When he turned her around, he smashed her as hard as he wanted. I just love it when rich white girls get fucked by struggling black guys. She is a beautiful young woman. He is a stud. The chemistry between them as good and the fucking he laid on her made her cum like he had never orgasmed before. I like the missionary sex with her legs wrapped around him, body contact and kissing while she’s being penetrated. It looks hot when a girl is taking it deep and starts to touch and hold the guy to her because she’s liking it! Amazing angles and positions through the whole scene. Beautifully shot and executed. Beautiful model getting deeply penetrated and stretched. Great scene to cum back to over and over. The girl lost count of how many orgasms he had on that huge black cock. He began to breathe harder and faster. She knew he was close to coming. He shot his load, pouring the cum on her face and in her open mouth. She felt his hot cum in her mouth and she had the most intense orgasm. She sucked and swallowed every drop. She licked his black dick making sure she didn’t miss any cum. She got a fine fuck session before her wedding.